Title: tHSaiAgGs8Q.txt
Video Id: tHSaiAgGs8Q
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tHSaiAgGs8Q

With you guys i just got some last-minute adjustments i want to make here see if i can happy new year teddy how's everybody doing today now keep in mind i'm talking to you through zoom because for some reason youtube wouldn't wouldn't take a direct feed from my webcam. So not sure what's going on there. So i'm gonna answer you through the chat. But uh well.

Anyway we'll work on this we'll see what i've got here to make things look. Prettier all right. So i got some time i wanted to kind of jump on been a crazy uh transfer transition from 2021 to 2022. hope yours is good is going smoothly and uh you know it's i thought it was a good time to just kind of come out and um just kind of bond with everybody wish everybody a happy new year get and maybe just kind of take the pulse of the community see what people want to know about what sticking points people are having and applying the technologies uh that that we put out there what do you want to know about over the. Next 12 months you know what what what content would you guys like to see that's going to make your life better that we can produce here at planet data obviously we've uh we've spent a long time you know in the problem-solving phase you know approaching different topics and different areas of life in general life the universe and everything i like to call it.

So you know this is kind of your time again unfortunately um i wanted to do some more strictly a youtube uh event for you guys i know a lot of times when i'm doing amas and stuff like that it's it's basically um for my platinum members and my diamond members and my gold members and stuff like that. But i wanted to do something for the general public because um you guys are just you know you guys are really important to me uh you're the ones who put us on the map you're the ones who have taken these technologies out into the world and have really used them really for lack of a better word you are the biggest you know double blind scientific study that we could do in terms of results driven techniques and uh i want to know how we're doing i want to know what you want more of what what lesson you know those kinds of things. So. Anyway i just wanted to jump on and spend a little bit of time you know with my peeps uh because as some of you know that's one of my favorite things to do in the world i see a bunch of questions popping into the chat and i'm going to start answering those directly i just wanted to make sure that everybody knew why i was doing what i'm doing.

So uh. First of all once again if you had if you if you didn't hear me say it earlier happy new year welcome to planet david and i'm promising you i will put out as much content as humanly possible over the. Next 12 months all of which will be fun entertaining and immensely practical and useful to you. So let's see one of the.

First questions we got here john is asking is face reading level three ever going to be on video or physical training only face reading level three will be a physical training predominantly for the. First 12 months that will teach pardon me that we're teaching it and. Then uh the videos will be made available uh to the general public we kind of if you think about it and what we do with our content on planet david is we try to let the content age a little bit. So the people who show up and come to the live events get.

First crack at it and we give them a window to go out and kind of be the. First on the block to have the tools. So that makes any kind of sense i know it's kind of weird. But i know a lot of us like to be.

First right. Um and. So that's kind of something that we do and also there's a there's a production time that has to go in every time we we do a live event there's a whole process of post-production that the content needs to go through we try to keep that actually the fancy hollywood bells and whistles to a minimum just to make sure that your focus is on the content and not on whether the video is in 1080p or 4k or whatever. So um we over the past 12 months i'll be honest we've experimented with a lot of things and um we deviated from some formulas that have proven to be like stood the test of time in terms of getting our message out to the public and things of that nature some of it worked really well a lot of it was just um an interesting experiment that didn't really produce a greater degree of transformation or reach than we hoped.

So you're gonna see us in a lot of cases we're gonna be you know going back to some of the older more um i don't want to say ghetto style video. But um you won't see quite as many fancy bells and whistles and things like that because once again i want the i want the emphasis to be on the quality of our content and the your ability to really um put the stuff into in the operation i don't know that we're gonna we're gonna go to shorter length videos although we always get those those requests because people seem to really you know the people who are really dedicated to what we do to really seem to thrive on the longer content intense videos. So we'll experiment with shorter videos here and there. But um by and large i don't see our format changing in spite of what the internet gurus are preaching and stuff like that.

So um hopefully that won't piss off anybody. But if it does well. Then maybe this isn't your audience right. Um john is asking once again do you know if you're allowed to use hypnosis as a psychotherapist as a psychotherapist you're pretty much allowed to do anything short of prescribing medication now if you're a psychiatrist.

Then it's all on the table right. Psychiatrists are the top of the medical food chain. But psychotherapy and hypnosis actually was used in you know freud used hypnosis intensely and. Then he kind of gave up on it and.

Then years. Later you know when he was getting close to his deathbed he actually uh was heard to lament the fact that he stopped using hypnosis because it was such an effective tool. So bottom line is um [Music] can you use it absolutely should you be using it 100 100 um there is limited value in getting people to talk about their problems for years on end and a lot to be said for finding the source the problem going right. To the root fixing it there and letting the person get on with their life now medically there's not a lot of money in cures there's a lot of money in treatment and management.

So i will let you make your decisions as far as what's behind that particular approach teddy's asking about um things like anchors and how to use it for yourself okay. Um i get a lot of questions about anchors and i gotta be honest with you a lot of people from the nlp world really really really really immediately like hangers um unfortunately anchoring the way it's taught in classical nlp is of limited use except in a therapeutic context anchoring becomes much more real world friendly in the realm of covert influence um and hypnosis in fact for those of you who are interested we have a webinar coming up it's actually one of our very. First webinars that we ever did was called killer influence secrets of covert hypnosis and we'll actually be doing a uh we'll be revisiting that webinar on wednesday. So for those of you who are interested in hardcore uh underground influence techniques that are actually ethically and ethical and honest and almost impossible to detect um you don't want to jump onto that webinar because it's always been one of my favorite webinars to do uh it certainly has been what has put our our influence protocols on the map and a lot of people have taken note of that over the.

Last couple of decades. So i invite you to join in on that is completely free of course there's always an offer afterwards because you know i'm not stupid right. And i want to give you the biggest bang for your buck too right. So um let me see here oh ahmed is saying hey david i had a blast on the live online on summer 2020 2020 i've been spinning magic framing and collaborating a lot since.

Then happy new years happy new year to you i'm ed and thank you. So much for uh for your contribution we love you and we hope we see you again very very soon by the way those who are interested in doing something virtual uh we've got a couple of virtual events scheduled for the early part of 2022 we've got uh well we've got soulmate secrets which is an invitation only webinar and i don't know that i have enough any more room in that class it's towards the end of january. But coming up i think it's either february or march we have face reading level 1 certification virtual boot camp. So for those of you who are interested in personality profiling behavioral influence how to speed read people understand and decode body language things of that nature using the ancient art and the modern discoveries in face reading i invite you to check that out go to our website at uh https.com forward slash events you can see all the events we have scheduled up through 2022 now let me see here pauldini says hi respect to doing a video at this time of year you know what thank you paul i it's honestly i'm happy to be here i i i really really love being amongst my tribe.

So to speak you know um i consider you all i know you know it's interesting a little sidebar squirrel chasing kind of a thing most of you don't know this i mean this is one of my guilty pleasures right. Um i think i'm an honorary female um. But you know when i'm not uh teaching or researching or um doing whatever you know what i spend most of my time doing i spend my time most of my time binge reading paranormal romances right. That's actually what i'm doing most of the time i i don't know for some reason i just picked up a book.

One time uh because i like the science fiction or the fantasy aspect of it and for some reason the whole romance side of it and i started learning a lot about uh female psychology and romance psychology actually from the structures and the um the archetypes that these writers use and it's a formula we teach a lot about those things in attraction mastery uh we'll teach some of it in soulmate secrets just from a different perspective. But killer influence is really where we started to kind of open that door um it's all things lead back to killer influence i'm trying to remember why i was talking about this i think i overlooked myself. But um. But yeah you know as when i'm not binge reading paranormal romances or things like that um i just love i just love being amongst you in any way that i can now because of you know the.

Next round of code hysteria um you know people are trying to lock us down again and uh i'm not i'm not in favor of that i'll be very outspoken i think we as free thinking humans need to take whatever precautions we feel are necessary without limiting or criticizing the choices of others. But at the end of the day i think we need to live our lives instead of being hostages of somebody else's rules. So take that for what it's worth you know um. But i will not stop my live events just in case you're wondering where i was going with this i have no.

Intention of uh backing down or slowing down on our live events i encourage you all to come to the live events. But i'm going to make use of every every media channel that we have to be together and that's what this particular anime is about it's just me coming i have my coffee i have my water i have my kombucha all the drinks from all that you know depending on what part of the country i'm in do you like kombucha you like coffee. So let's just like plain old water. But let me see here.

So i'm gonna spend some time with you before i gotta go meet my wife's cousin let's see here uh hey sandra thank you happy new year to you too uh let's see. So john is asking the cpi for the charisma conversion cpi yes. In fact we are actually doing a four day version of that class in beginning of july right. Before the hypno.

Thoughts live hypnosis convention and the reason i decided to do a four day uh charisma and conversion was because i wanted there's like i'm very close with the people who run that convention and over half the presenters there are brand new presenters which means they've never been in front of an audience much less hypnosis audience um most of their professional career. So i thought well if they're you know in the interest of helping everybody learn something. So that the people who are going to the convention don't get stuck with a presenter who sucks the people who are going to be presenting at the convention they actually have a format to follow that will give people the greatest entertainment and educational value while priming people to want to take that relationship with them to the. Next level.

But why don't i just do a way of the prereqs do a four-day cpi conversion and charisma conversion training for presenters and public speakers and uh. Then they can go into the convention they can present their their content for the three days of the convention and come away with it with a credential and a real powerful experience. So that's what we decided to do for hypnothoughts live hypnosis convention starting june july 2022. So um that is the uh and that's probably the only cpi that we're going to be doing uh for 2022.

So if you're interested in attending that you might want to reach out to stephanie and see how getting in what is in weapons of social deduction that isn't in cpi or killer influence for your momentum courses not much um weapons of social seduction was a newer more nuanced version of killer influence it incorporated a lot more of the behavioral influence techniques and methodologies that i i've gotten from my time to chase as well as some other people. But by and large if you if you have um i think there was more emphasis also on weapons of social seduction there was more emphasis on three magic questions resistance removal and um emotional bonding checklist i think those with echo technique was one of the big also the big four that we keep talking about. So the weapons of social seduction was kind of really where we started to kind of pivot the material. So that those four techniques aside from state control and report uh really became um like your nuclear-powered uh interchangeable modular influence tools and everything that we're doing with killer influence material could be delivered very safely and very very congruently from within um from within those four constructs also a weapons of social seduction had a lot more emphasis i believe on face reading applications as well not not not as much as a face reading class or something like or like people reading for fun and profit.

But enough that it was it was integrated plus um if i'm not mistaken there was a bonus day that we did it was basically an eight hour ask me anything where i literally just went around the class and said hey what do you want what do you want to learn what do you want and for eight hours we just masterminded them and developed profiling skills and things of that nature. So again a lot of our core content you're gonna find is the same and there's a reason for that there's a very very good reason for that it's because they're universal principles and protocols um i'm someone who doesn't like this is as fair as it sounds i'm someone who doesn't like to reinvent the wheel and i don't like to repeat myself and. So i spent a lot of years looking for what is true everywhere or as close to everywhere as possible you know how can i develop for lack of a better word the swiss army knife of human influence something i can use in the treatment room the boardroom the bar room the bedroom the thera you know the classroom that infinite and the techniques that we keep coming to over and over and over again even though they were acquired from different contexts they easily translate it into into different contexts and. So what emerged over the course of almost two decades now are these super powered swiss army knife multiple level of application tools now unfortunately as cool as that is for someone like me with this weird headline hairline that i have well you can talk about that in face reading most people don't think that way they really don't they they think and learn and position things better in a given context and.

So if you teach someone a universal system of persuasion they can't relate to that if they're looking directly for attraction dating and seduction they can't relate to that if they're looking for ways to teach better they can't relate to that directly unless they're looking for ways to sell better right. And. So even though if you if you abstract you can see that they're all influenced and persuasion and communication oriented. But people tend to be very reductionist and and they put things in little boxes and.

So the problem is a lot of times is that if people don't if the title of a course doesn't resonate with the specific application that people are looking for they click away and. So we can take these same tools and applications and show you okay. This is how you use the universal persuasion protocol for dating attraction and approaching this is how you use the universal persuasion protocol for meetings negotiations and um you know uh conflict resolution this is how you use it for jury selection this is how you use it for teaching right. And each of those even though there's a there's a common theme and he uses similar seven stage process they're application specific and it's much easier for people to just grab on to that and.

So we have to make it easy for people to understand. But if you get if after you've acquired enough of our programs one of my handlers has been going on four or five years he came up to me goes they're just realizing you're teaching the same thing over and over and over again i go yes. But you're just you're just modifying it a little bit for each each application i said yes. He goes it's all the same he goes i go yes.

That's. So cool right. Because you don't have to learn a gazillion different things right. You have a foundation you have a base think of it like your root or your trunk and.

Then you just grow new branches right. And and. So that's kind of our approach now a lot of people they you know are very novelty driven right. So they want the newest better most recent thing and there's nothing wrong with that because that's what our application specific courses are for.

But when you get into the mystery school aspect of what we're doing you drill down to the mastery level you will see the same principles coming up over and over and over again and that is what's true that is what gets the job done right. And once you internalize the big piece the 80 as we like to call it the 20 that's different you have lots of bandwidth to adapt and modify hi happy thoughts. So i just wanted to say that if you pray for your lifelong purpose and career path the acknowledgment of what it is actually yes. I believe that pauldini says i respect to doing a video at this time of year and i forget to say that gus gus is asking i'm just wondering her medics in your journey with it what would you like to know specifically again when we're doing an ama here's the secret the better the question the better the answer right.

So let me just keep moving down here uh let's see here okay. John is asking what books do you recommend for being a better communicator let's say for someone like me wants to be a psychotherapist uh never split the difference. But chris foss was very good yeah um i think if you're going to be a psychotherapist. First one you really want to probably drill down and if you haven't is going to be one that's not a direct fit to your field and that is um the body keeps the score by uh basil van der holt you're also going to want to look.

Into emotions are made by dr lisa feldman barrett and we're going to look. Into hypnotherapy by dave hellman um you probably want to look. Into um let's see there's this the handbook. Of hypnotic therapeutic suggestions and metaphors by corydon hammond it's a big red book.

You can get it as a digital as well start with those and also pitch anything that might be a good one for you as well okay. Let's see here scott fitzgerald says hey david happy new year happy new year back my brother from another mother call us alberto lara's ocon this is david how can we heal these new symptoms and reinforce defenses in the body it's all around people sick here in miami spend a lot more time laughing a lot more time in joyful pursuits things that make your heart sing okay. Now um you know aside from the work uh who is the gentleman that wrote relaxation response hold on the more the more positive feelings you generate in your body the stronger your immune system becomes. So in any way that you can do that do it um there are certain acupuncture points like your stomach 36 points that are very good for stimulating your immune system as well anything that makes you feel happy in this area will go to your thymus gland which helps to support immune system function.

But at the end of the day happiness joy clearing up your um those are going to be the things that keep your immune system healthy and happy. So that's where i will start um other than that transformational triad point to where you feel it reach out and touch it spin it frame it and color reading um scott is asking are you doing any live events in england this year not unless they let us in um i am not a i am not a person who's chosen to get jabbed although that you know i'm never saying that can't change. But um. So a lot of the travel restrictions are based on people who are willing to take the vaccine and things of that nature.

So be very you know um we don't have anything planned because as far as i know clear travel to england has not been uh greenlighted i think if you're back you can come from england i haven't followed up on yet technically no. We do want to go we haven't we have every intention as soon as the borders to canada uk cyprus um and uh australia open up we're gonna be there because we've had those people you know enrolled people in classes and we keep our promises. So um. But for those of you who are interested and want us to come to uk if you give uh stephanie call at 858-382-4663 or email her at stephanie nlpower.com you can get on our mailing lists and we'll let you know when we've got events scheduled for that uh let's see here paul costa rica class in may 9 15 okay.

That's not to me that's just heather's using my chat to talk to other people pauldini what david says right. Johnson asked me what was the name of the device that you used in your martial arts training to make your students learn faster do you still offer those at the martial arts training the name of the device the name of the device was halo sport unfortunately unfortunately halo sport was bought out by a company named flow neuroscience you guys spoke that wrong e-r-o oh that's not yes. Flowneroscience.com unfortunately when when flow neuroscience bought halo um they stopped producing the halo spore which was a device specifically for stimulating through electrocranial transdermal stimulation uh the sensory motor cortex parts of the brain flow neuroscience which is the company that bought halo they produce a headset as well. But they produce one specifically to help treat depression.

So if there are settings i do not know at this time if there are settings for stimulating uh the sensory motor cortex for athletic enhancement um. But there are other devices that we're we're testing right. Now and uh once we once we decide on what device we're going to recommend in place of the halo we'll be finding a way for you to get those as part of the training and that's um and we're actually doing a sequence of internal power i believe it's october 2022 um for sure and uh right. Now it's set for here in california um.

But depending on how the wind blows in terms of travel restrictions and things i do reserve the right. To to move the event to las vegas or orlando which is much more friendly maybe even texas which is much more friendly to what we want to do okay. But hopefully that helps let's see here what was the name of the device okay. Senior florist how do i replicate an experience that started off as a cognitive realization and became embodied i tried to replicate the mind insight.

But i don't get the same result try body posture. First still not working you know senior if you could send me a little bit more background i'm trying to try to kind of wrap my head or conceptualize what it is you're trying to do uh and. So the more information you send me the better answer i can give you let's see here art is asking david have you heard of the metaverse any thoughts on it is it run by uh the guy who runs facebook. Or instagram run away right.

Um i you know as ironic as it sounds um i have never trusted social media platforms i knew the potential for misuse of these things decades before they became popular because i study human influence and i study group influence as well um i don't believe in censorship i mean i'm just if i have to make a choice between too much censorship or not enough i choose not enough um because it puts the responsibility for fact finding and forgetting you know getting our questions answered on unfortunately human beings a lot of them uh will trade freedom for secure trade security for freedom you know seven days out of seven and um i think we need to really get back to basics in terms of taking responsibility for the results of the decisions and the information that we consume and whether it's true or not we need to test everything and if you've been spending any time in planet david i'm always telling you don't do it you don't got to believe anything i say um and test everything. So my thoughts on the metaverse are um i'm not a fan i'm not a fan i'll be just i'll just be honest with you uh having seen the ride facebook. Took. Um and and the way all the social media platforms are really manipulating access to your information and censoring people and really just creating narratives for you um not a fan not a fan okay.

So maybe that makes me uh an right. Maybe it makes me a subversive i don't know you know people love to label right. Um. But at the end of the day you know i think people need to just take responsibility for the content they produce and the content they consume we start relying on other people to take care of it or make it their problem you're you're opening the door to being misled misinformed and manipulated let's see here that's got some good quality i may have to jump off shortly because my wife just called me.

But uh maybe she'll message me i don't want to jump off just yet because i just got on let's see here lots of good questions let me see what i got um. So many questions a little time hold on a. Second let me let me see what i got here oh wait where i made the picture bigger and you guys all went away i guess i gotta go back i don't know david was such a dork when it came to actually manipulating his own technology all right. Let's see here um let's see okay.

How many haven't you raced me says pauldini says i mean what david says i will pay for the. First person to sign up whatever that means i'm not sure paul thank you that's very generous happy new year's all only stopped in to say hi and wishing everyone love peace great health and wisdom thank you grace love you sing to you laura says texas yes. Paul says i'll be 300 the. First person to take class alex p is asking advice on developing patients have children have lots of children uh you know the truth is is that [Music] i'm still working on it i gotta be honest um i have these little lines right.

On my forehead that let me know how well i'm doing every day um. But the end of the day impatience is largely a matter of expectation and and. Then as expectations not being that. So from a therapeutic perspective it's a it's an attribute it's an attribution of anger or the liver energy the wood energy.

So the. First thing i would do is i would probably regress to cause and find out what the source of that impatience is what the initial sensitizing event is and i would neutralize that the. Next thing i would do is i would probably start to build up a resource using magic framing color breathing um and spinning that allows me to access a feeling of patience of relaxed it's actually not it's not actually not patience that we need to develop i think i think it's more um more of a state of peace that makes for lack of a better word um this ability to just let go and go with the flow right. Maybe that's patience maybe it's something else you know.

But i think patience has slightly different attributes um for different people. But i think the. First thing we have to do just like any any therapeutic exchange when we're viewing impatience as as a problem or as a you know something that's broken. Then we take a therapeutic approach we point toward the field we pull that back to its initial sensitizing event we clear out the source of the problem we give the resources that we need to that that aspect of your consciousness that allows you to go through the original memory of the experience with a different with a different mindset or a different perspective on it and.

Then we move forward through your recorded timeline neutralizing all the other events that were stacked onto that initial charge of impatience. So at the end of the day it's going to be the same therapeutic approach point where you feel it follow it back to its source vent the emotional charge reprocess the experience add in those new resources and move forward brochures repeat until the same situations no. Longer trigger you the same way. So i hope that in a nutshell that would be the approach now whatever techniques you have in your arsenal to do that you know if you're an eft person using ip you're a reiki person and you've got symbols or whatever use reiki and eft if you are um you know a psychotherapist and all you've got is talk therapy that's what you use right.

You know we try to continually find a broader and broader palette of uh powerful and effective technique and we build that into a toolkit and that's what we teach all of our people. So that would be the approach that i would use um hopefully that answers your question um let's see here harimballer is asking me what kind of diet do you eat and can you pick up certain negative energies from certain foods and meats the answer is yes. Now the question is are you picking up those negative energies because of the quality of the meat itself the words the animal specifically or are you picking up those negative energies because of the qualities of the person handling that meat or other foods was um radiating and emanating when they were working on the food my belief is mostly the latter most of your foods that are grown and sourced in organic healthy way are energetic and elemental correspondences chicken will be good for your lungs and meat will be good for your blood again chinese medicine is just filled with with these correspondences right. Um.

So there's that basic energetic aspect to it there's also the energetic qualities of the people who prepare those foods what is the mood of the person preparing the food if they're in a pissy mood when you're preparing the food guess what gets put into the food right. Now there's another level of food energetics that we talk about in her. Next there was a question asking about genetics and master barton talked about this particular aspect under the title of eucharistic healing as e-u-c-h-a-r-i-s-t as in the christian eucharist right. Which is the communion right.

But what does that really go back to it goes back to this idea that there is an inherent spiritual energy in food that is largely dormant and inaccessible unless you activate through intention and gratitude this is actually where the source of you know give saying grace and things of that nature comes from in a lot of our spiritual term religious traditions the idea behind it was by connecting with source blessing the food you actually unlock the spiritual nutrition inherent in it whereas if you don't go through that process um you don't get as much of the energy you could be you're not nourishing all of the energy bodies like you could be now there's an even further um extrapolation on that where we take a certain food and through intention put energy into it. So for those of you who've been to reiki two or you learned the schweijing which is the water charging ritual or you've been the inner cycling training where i taught you how to change the flavor of water in under two minutes right. What you're seeing there is a reproducible tangible example of eucharistic magic its eukaryotic eucharistic activation of spiritual substance now you can eucharistically charge just about anywhere uh bankston pretty much prove that um. So there's lots of different ways that the energetics of food can affect us you know.

So you know it wasn't you know a simple simple kinds of question. But the questions are really it's really a much deeper topic than is in that question. But it can include now in uh i don't know which class i may be doing this in self mastery supercharger. Next week in vegas there is there are diets believe it or not that will actually amplify and accelerate your ability to accept new suggestions and change behaviors and.

So i spent the. Last couple weeks kind of researching the foods in these categories that will actually create the biochemical environment that allows people to to be more programmable i'm going to teach that aspects of that uh self mastery supercharger uh in vegas this month. So if you guys want to know how to actually change your diet to actually get the biggest bang for your buck in terms of programming yourself you may want to show up for that a lot of you out there have vip tickets um naturally if for some reason you can't get there physically because of covet restrictions and that's the only the only exception that we make if you reach out to stephanie we we may we may offer a hybrid option we haven't really discussed it all that much. But for those of you who are covered bound for lack of a better word and would like to attend that class virtually um reach out to stephanie and she will vet you and see if you qualify for it okay.

But again if you're someone who just doesn't want to travel uh or someone who doesn't want to spend the money to come out that's you're not gonna get it this is strictly for people like in the uk or australia or canada um who are physically prohibited from being here right. We want to encourage and reinforce this idea that um the biggest bang for your buck comes from being in the room and that's what we're gonna do okay. Uh hopefully that answers questions um marty sitbot says david no. Pun intended how can i remember to implement the echo technique and more during the day i forgot to use them any tips write it on your hand write it on your phone a little post-it note or a little little you know little alarm every time the phone goes off it says remember to echo right.

And just do it in small bits the secret to getting good and and and organic and that echo technique is to do it a little bit a lot of the day rather than finding one big conversation where you echo the whole thing do little echoes here and there just the act of recalling to echo will reinforce that trigger i'm in a conversation time to echo when in doubt i go down and you'll find i do this all the time i'm doing it now every time i read out your question i'm echoing here right. And a lot of times when i answer the question i'm actually putting the words from your question back into the statements you just do it over and over again you just have fun with it and be creative ron purdy says can a person be both right. And left brains yes. Most of us are most of us are i guess i think i think you might want to rephrase the question a little better.

But some people are a lot most people are hemispherically dominant there are there is a smaller subsection of people who have a more balanced hemispheric distribution in terms of neurological activity um what are my thoughts on present day dating i think we need to get back to basics um at the end of the day um we've been given this massive illusion of connection and it's it's really stunting us in terms of our actual in-person social skills ability to read and perceive cell body cues spatial distancing things of that nature everything that we have learned through thousands of years or millions of years of evolution to judge and react human beings is being systematically undermined by the new normal and. So i think in terms of present day day a lot of the old school stuff that applied 20 years ago is still true today the difference is you may have to do it through a different medium you know something like you know video chat for conferencing like we're doing here. But human beings don't change that much guys i mean i'm sorry you know compared to compared to the speed at which our technology changes human beings haven't changed a bit in 200 years 300 years okay. We are the same animals the difference is we've been socially programmed to believe things that aren't actually in our best interest and this is the danger of the technocrat i call it we live in a technocracy right.

Because the political pundits and the political figures are actually at the mercy of the technology and the people who create it and give access to it um and you see i think you saw that over the past couple of decades really increasing the amount of just pure character assassination that was going on and misleading was going on. So and i think the the good thing that will come of it is people will eventually say enough and they'll become more and more critical more and more analytical they'll be more and more fact-check-oriented i mean i actually said this back in 2016. right. When i made the unpopular prediction that trump would actually win the election right. Um back when nobody was taking seriously right.

And i'm not a pro-trump guy at all in many cases i'm not anti-trump i'm not i'm not political i'm a persuasion uh an influence person that's that's my part of my golden path and. So i observe all the time how are human beings influencing each other how are they being influenced what's the ramifications of this technology applied to this group of people or by this group of people and. So i'm always thinking in terms of what's being wielded what's the power of what's the influences being overlooked. So unless you think i'm political uh i am not uh let's see here can a person be both right.

And left brain what are your thoughts on present day dating i got that one is this useful am i am i you guys um getting value out of this i should probably jump down to the bottom just to make sure alexandra says i messed up a new relationship in 2020 when i find myself sabotaging due to a lack of deservingness how can i fix this moving forward find out where that lack of deservedness started go back find that younger version of yourself that assigned that meaning to the information you were being presented with and the experiences they were having and give them something different give them the possibility that there actually is a different meaning than the one they assigned and the moment you reframe that experience you will find yourself becoming more deserving as a byproduct of that okay. Um again most of the things that people talk about deserving this you know a lot of it's going to go back to the same therapeutic trio that i keep coming back to there's other things we can do for sure um and that's what self-mastery supercharger and identity by design are really all about it's about getting back to those core foundations those building blocks of your personality and actually changing them consciously from what people wanted you to be to who you want to be uh and. So there are seven stages in the identity by design silo that we teach in self-mastery supercharger along with the dietary stuff i'm going to talk about i'm actually going to be um i'm going to i don't know how i'll fit them in this particular training. But i'm also going to be doing something from a book.

I talk about a lot called red gold. So don't be surprised for those of you coming out to vegas if you start getting some extra techniques that weren't in the original curriculum. But at the end of the day deserving this is about the meaning you've assigned experiences you've had and remember there's at least 14 different ways to look. At any particular experience that you've had each one of them gives you possible possibilities for a different future and a difference in the behaviors right.

If you want to know more about frame control and that you might want to check out renegade reframing secrets of speed conversational belief change which i think it's actually advertising on the website right. Now. But that's where i would start for you you can absolutely fix this moving forward gus gus has a lot of attraction intermediates and the best flaws today i think i just answered that a little bit gus. But if there's anything specific you want to know i'm happy to elaborate senior florida says i had an insight whereupon i realized i could read most subtle body movements of everyone around me all my fears dropped for a couple hours i found people who were looking at me okay.

Uh and. So was the people looking at you what bothered you or not or are you want to get back to that state where you can just read people's body languages richard wilson says how do you have a great year you too richard it was like in the movie inception okay. Interesting. So you trying to get that back i mean again i'm not um i'm not sure where you want to go uh ian says web 3.0 will counterbalance the metaverse okay.

Well i never learned to count past web 2.0 i'm still not sure what the hell that is. But uh ace says flying solo tonight are we david yeah more or less uh i don't know how much longer i can stay on i really want to stay on longer. But my wife called me i was supposed to have a dinner appointment and um i'm just not sure if she was calling me to say it's going to be late i'm going to have to call her back. But let's see here okay.

So uh casey is asking how to restructure affirmations okay. Understanding instead of patience it's a good place to start another one you might want to look. At harem is um is actually compassion versus uh compassion and understanding instead of patience because what you'll find in in chinese medicine and especially confusion there's such thing as confusion mysticism or what they call confusion virtue healing they have a couple of five transcendent emotions uh and a lot of impatience is linked to frustration which is linked to the wood element of the body the highest most transformational emotion the highest highest expression of wood energy in the body that transforms all the other negative emotions is actually the wisdom one of human kindness or compassion kindness specifically and. So when you find yourself becoming impatient if you find if you put yourself in the position of just becoming kind and kindly disposed towards that individual or that situation you may find a lot of that inpatient starting to dissipate into coming something higher the other way to do it is with understanding now understanding is related to the water element of the body and.

So if you start to look. At the situation and seek more to understand what's going on and all the factors that are causing that delay that you're looking at or in many cases seeking an understanding of how your perceptions of the experience or expectations are causing or adding to that impatience water feeds wood and. So it's these two these two emotions are actually really really good for um helping us to be more patient and kind and understanding with people which allows us to be less reactive and more responsive. So we become more adaptable into those situations when we embrace these higher emotional energies.

But we have to use them in an alchemical way and the way that you use them alchemically is through the color breathing process and the magic framing process that we've taught you in other tapes okay. Okay. So i've got a bunch of questions here on how to uh restructure affirmations i have heard you and i will see what i can do about that revelation where were you at 29 in life i discovered different cheerleaders here and i sometimes wished i had only found you earlier the way i could have been much at 29 i was a wreck 29 i had just separated from my. First life i was living in coral springs florida and my life was getting ready to implode in a very large way uh at that time i was going through a lot i was doing a lot of martial arts i was doing a lot of reiki training um i was doing a lot of tai chi class i was doing a lot of things i was a teacher i was this is my.

First people asking about vibrational influence and things like that um and why i'm. So hesitant many times to teach these things is because at 29 i was going through this jedi david phase and i could do that was just insane you know sometimes in classes we talk about no. Touch stuff and deflecting punches and doing all these really weird this was the time in my life when i was doing a lot of those things unfortunately unfortunately for me depending on how you look. At it i was extremely arrogant in how i used those skills and in the years within the 24-month period 29-31 [Music] my entire life just imploded everything that i was doing everything that i was working for everybody i thought i could trust uh just drove a knife through my heart or through my back sometimes both um and um call it karma call it uh you know a learning lesson or whatever uh my whole life just included it really it really did and uh it paved the way for me to make an exit from florida i don't know and it was something i think in retrospect i think it was something both karmic and something that had to happen um for me to have other life experiences and and to do and learn things i wouldn't have learned any other more um.

But yeah it was that particular time period for me was really rough um you know how much that i generated versus how much of it was faded i don't know bottom line is it's the biggest reason why when it comes to teaching these energetic things um i still get heart palpitations because i remember that time and no. Pun intended i've always kept those things that if you've been around playing a day of a while you hear me tell you stories about how vibrational influence and all this energetic stuff that you keep hearing me talk about i never want to teach i never want to teach it it was you know i continued to study it i continued to learn it. But i never wanted to step out in front of a group of people and demonstrate these things ever again unfortunately the universe had a huge other idea and basically made sure that every time i tried to walk away from these topics you guys pulled me back and. So uh thank you and damn you for that um.

But this is part of my golden path and we're better for worse i will teach what i can and hope i don't blow myself up again. Anyway um. So hopefully that answers your question how do i do better at using three magic questions great question how do you get better using three magic questions use your magic questions you use it a lot chunk it down to small sections you know take you know one week focus only on level one questions with random strangers. Then do level one questions on people you you know for a while you know it used to get.

So used to the structure that it just becomes a little hack over learn it. So to speak. Then go to your level two questions and level two is really where you wanna spend the majority of your time and just come up with a whole list of interesting questions that fall within that level two category and just ask them and listen listen listen listen follow the uh the echo algorithm that i teach in our in some of our webinars right. I have the master echo formula right.

That i talked about and if you guys are you know go back on some of our webinar videos you can find that um and i recommend that you use it a lot right. And that's that that one technique i would i would share my i actually actually can share my screen can i hold on a. Second i realized let me see if i can um all right. You can take a screenshot of this.

But this is something that this was one of my little masterpieces this is called the this is i have a couple different versions of this. But this is the most common one this is called the master echo sequence right. So what you do with the sequence is you ask the question you pay attention to the responses you validate what they said you echo what they said and. Then you ask another question.

So if somebody if you ask somebody. So i'm curious what uh what do you do for a living and they say i'm an accountant oh my god you're an accountant that's. So cool um you know i you know i all my life i've always had a problem with numbers i'm curious what made you decide to become an accountant right. And and.

Then you just like and they're gonna and what they're gonna do they're gonna answer your question you're gonna you're gonna pay attention you're gonna acknowledge what they said you're gonna echo it back you're gonna ask another question you just keep cycling through that process. So if you want to get really good at three magic questions that's the micro you know the quick fix formula and. Then you just change the topic you're asking about right. Uh when in doubt echo it out okay.

Eric brown says best to you in 2022 david laid to the table past the peas please he's on the way my brother bernardini david after practicing codepending techniques now i only imagine the color and almost instantly feel chills on a moon shift much love master it only gets better my friend kathleen mclean says hello david hello back kathleen ian says what is the defense against the dark arts about it any info books etc would be helpful defense against the dark arts um is a version of killer influence in the cable influence system that focuses primarily on profiling and influencing social predators in other words how do you know once you understand the basic tools of influence like the core killer influence curriculum rather than go off into other influence technique hello we do actually teach a lot of influence techniques in defense against the dark arts we go into an exploration of narcissistic personality traits uh machiavellian traits sociopathic traits and psychopathic traits the behaviors and the characteristics that these people utilize um in turn to influence people we talk about the five-phase psychology of attraction methodology that creates powerful emotional dependency on you um and how to utilize it how to recognize it and how to fit it uh we go through the 21 different reframe techniques that sociopaths and narcissists use to avoid taking responsibility for their action we go through the seven or eight um recovery tactics that narcissistic partners use to kind of suck you back into a relationship with them how to recognize them how to use them how to defeat them um and. So that's what the entire defense against the dark arts system is about it's the killer influence influence training oriented towards intelligence gathering personality profiling and protecting yourself from the manipulators of the world um. So hopefully that answers your question and it is available it's a great class uh and every class we do we get better at it you know there's never been a class uh honestly quite like it uh and i'm really proud of it like i'm proud of a lot of our killer influence trainings. But if you want to come out empowered and in many cases having your eyes.

Blatantly and brazenly uh open as to how this stuff works and what it feels like to be on the receiving end of it in a controlled environment and actually do some of this um probably the best way to prepare yourself for life with a narcissist or in a society where narcissism is rampant right. Sandra swazo says what is the color breathing technique color bleeding technique is where you excessive body feeling turn it into a color and use it to neutralize another body feeling that has been turned into a color. So if i have a pain in my heart and i look. At it with my inner eyes.

And that color is red if i were to ask my higher mind to send me a feeling a frequency of vibration of color that would completely dissolve that red energy in my heart what color would it send me. First impression i take that energy i form a ball of it above my head fill the room with it wrap it around me breathe it through the affected area and if i've tuned that frequency properly that energy in and around my heart will dissipate trend or move that in a nutshell is colored we have lots of videos on it as part of a series of techniques we put out there in our speedhealing program called the transformational trio and they are really powerful um all-purpose techniques that you can use from pretty much anything uh i haven't found i haven't found a thing with these things couldn't put a dent in if not completely eliminated. So it's worth learning uh and using that as your foundation for learning from more cool stuff okay. Let's see here um alessandra in toronto right.

Now the lockdown is really bad in tips for maintaining my sanity and feeling good it's been really draining uh transformational triad color breathing magic frame uh power poses uh lots and lots and lots of connection facilitating um i don't know you know and when you talk about how bad the lock gun is right. Now how much physical contact or physical proximator you might have maximize it right. Remember times when you had an even deeper feeling of that revisit those experiences fully immerse yourself and absorb yourself in the sensations of that moment if you can do deep trance work and just fully go back there that will heal your body because at a deep neurological level there is no. Difference between the actual event occurring in the external world and the internal event being generated from inside of you.

So these are things again you have all the tools you just have to utilize them for yourself. So kw is asking what feeds fire energy in chinese five element theory uh wood feeds fire. So you would have um the chinese system tend to start with water. So water feeds fire our water feeds wood wood feeds fire fire feeds earth earth feeds metal metal creates water and.

Then it just that's called the creation cycle okay. Alejandro how do you suggest using your material on oneself using tapes with my voice using them self mastery supercharger get the self mastery supercharger home study course follow those instructions rigorously okay. If you can get to and i think i don't know if you can on android. But i would recommend if you can get to las vegas on on uh january 13th through the 15th be with us for three days and you will you will get a deep dive into how to do this stuff for yourself self mastery supercharger is all about how to use all seven identity by design techniques and others on yourself by yourself the entire training is geared around helping you to reprogram yourself um there's nothing like it on the planet uh certainly doesn't nothing i've encountered on there has produced the same degree of results over the same period of time as that particular system.

So if you really want to learn how to um you know work on yourself by yourself and that's a perfectly valid reason to do these things um come on out to vegas if you can if you can't because you're limited in your travel um see if you can do it virtually you know reach out to stephanie um barring that get the course it's available on our website davidsnydernlp.com or nlpower.com uh let's see here uh western mike on to 2022 we'll say happy new year in 10 years haha how do you say how do you stay consistent and not go off your plan with your resolutions the biggest problem with people going off the resolutions is actually that they stop focusing on the joy of having the result and start focusing on the pain of doing the task necessary to get it and. So what i mean by that is um you have this thing i know best the best thing i can do to to make sure that this stays kind of short and sweet there's a video on my channel called resist resistance removal formula or overcoming resistance watch that video in its entirety okay. It will give you a deep dive into the structure and anatomy of self-generated resistance and the exact protocol that you need to do to overcome it okay. Um that's going to give you more insight into how to keep yourself on track than probably anything i can give you the.

Next two minutes the other two things i would look. At for you is also once again drill down on the emotional motivation checklist that we've taught in a bunch of our webinars we'll be teaching it again uh this wednesday as part of the killer influence webinar because once again there's two ways that you can use that particular checklist one is to motivate yourself and keep on track the other is to find out what emotion motivates others and link what they want to what you want them to do. So that just by going for what they want they're doing what you want right. So in the killer influence training we're going to show you how to use that emotional bonding checklist to link people to your product or service.

So that they just selfishly want it for themselves and it's all ethical and honest and there's no. Line deception or trickery necessary. So that would be my shortest most um efficient answer for you guys devnet says hey happy new year everyone where's the vest i had it on when i started i took. It off it was too hot [Music] warrior spirit says what are the best techniques to use while flirting with women i think a lot of that depends on your context.

But i think the thing that has to be there more than anything else is you have to be playful right. You have to actually be a little bit more aware and actually stop thinking of them as uh as someone who might give you sex reframe it. So that they're the ones hitting on you you know um be as playful as generally possible echo everything they say use the three magic questions protocol uh thing uh humor is possible in the interaction and just make sure both of you are having a good time right. Uh if you understand again shameless plug for yet another product um if you have attraction mastery or some of the killer influence trainings there is a module on advanced rapport skill techniques that we use and we divide rapport in the killer influence system in the cpi system into three types there's classical rapport as taught in nlp which everybody does which is guaranteed to get you into the friend zone and never get you out.

Then you have what we call kinesthetic rapport which is a physiological synchronization of a heartbeat to your heartbeat or to their brain waves into their brain hemispheres right. We call that kinesthetic report we have a whole training module on how to do that. So you can literally transmit motions back and forth and reliably sense versus the state summons in and influence those states there's a. Third level of report that is almost specifically used for dating and attraction applications doesn't matter the gender and that's called vitamin and vibing is a combination of kinesthetic rapport combined with a higher vibrational activity level if you know anything about honest signals there are four channels of non-verbal information that are processed in a group social encounter one of which is called activity level which is the degree of interactiveness and enthusiasm that a group is generating.

So when you do vibing you have to have kinesthetic rapport you have to have a a high of an appropriate level of activity which is just either at or slightly above the energy level or the activity level of the person or the group that you're seeking to interact with and. Then you have to have some way to generate the perception in the other person of a slightly higher level of social status those three elements together tend to generate sexual attraction or romantic attraction as long as you wrap it in a fun playful um expression that will generate the desire for validation in the other people which is them seeking your approval which makes them much more makes you much more attractive to them and it doesn't really matter um what gender you're you are and what your gender preference is this is a human thing not a gender thing. So just putting that out there let's see here hold on a. Second okay.

Oh let's see here happy thoughts siri i know who you are says that was amazing class life-changing thank you andrew my mom died in october 2021 is there anything you could recommend to help me process food yes. Reach out to some of the people who i've trained especially those in regression um and those we have a brief resolution process known as deathbed therapy um that i think you would you would probably get a lot of benefit from um for those of you who are interested uh again i because of my schedule i don't get to do as much. Second work as possible. But i do have people i can recommend you to or we can recommend you.

So reach out to stephanie at 858 282 we can she will put you in touch with somebody who's qualified to help you with that process and do that work with you it is amazingly beneficial and therapeutic i highly recommend it it is a life changer short of that i want you to go ahead and spend a lot of time on our grey room techniques i spend a lot of time on color breathing and magic training and um if possible um follow along with some of our videos on a process known as the gift and i think i think you'll find yourself on the road to recovery. But also and i really need to to kind of emphasize this where human beings inevitably get themselves into trouble when it comes to grief sadness and loss is there's this war that goes on between your conscious mind and your unconscious mind you have this emotion you get hit with this emotional devastating loss and you say he'd say okay. I'm gonna grieve this is your consciousness okay. I'm gonna grieve and.

Then you know give me give me a month or two to kind of process this out and i'll be fine what happens a lot of times is people process and resolve grief and loss at different rates and speeds and. So what happens many times is you know the person gives themselves a time limit of how long they're going to breathe a consciously set time limit. But their unconscious mind has a different idea of how long it's going to take to process this out and. So as a person starts to get closer and closer to that deadline unconscious level they start building up tension and trying to force the process hurry up hurry up that inpatient starts to build up right.

And the problem with that is is that a lot of times the act of trying to hurry the process actually causes the reverse and. So what happens is rather than fully immerse yourself in the grief fully experiencing it letting it flow through you and out of you you lock down whatever's left and try to ignore it try to get on with your life try to do all these other things well unfortunately just like anything you've left in the refrigerator too long you guys don't talk about the science experiments you occasionally find that shit's not processed it festers and at some point it will mark you in the face it will mark your lungs it'll mark some level in the organs it builds up a strong enough charge it will create health problems for you. So one of the things that we have to do when we are engaging in this brief resolution process is we simply need to give ourselves be okay. With whatever long it takes now two or three years.

Later you're still grieving now we have a different problem right. There's something you can't look. On right. And.

So we need to come in and we need to find out what that is and what the the result of that is. So we can move forward right. But either way it's going to take somebody who's skilled in these resolution techniques to kind of help you with now you can do it through mindfulness right. Um i'm not a a lot of people love mindfulness there's a lot of good science behind mindfulness not a big fan of the way mindfulness is classically taught systema had a much more practical approach to what i call combat mindfulness which i found really really useful um not just in a combative way or self-defense.

But also alchemical therapeutically. But there's lots of ways to do it bottom line the biggest problem i see is people try to rush themselves um through the grieving process and end up creating more problems for themselves and actually dragging the process out longer than it has to be if they would just just fully give themselves permission to breathe hopefully that helps. But patty pacifico says dr david looks like you've been using your techniques on you your skin looks great well thank you thank you very much any advice for musicians well i would love to give you some advice if i knew what kind of advice you were looking for juan roble says my mother passed away in 15 yet she still visits me in my dreams three times a week can i control what i dream about yes. Uh one of my guys john campbell is big into lucid dreaming you might want to reach out and talk to him i missed a whole bunch of stuff okay.

Raise your vibration or as close as you can to the source part of the dark arts will influence you in theory that's true louise i i you know i i actually do i do um actually believe that the problem that we have practically is that a true dark magician is gonna it's gonna be much harder to deal with than someone's just randomly throwing a negative vibe at you and getting close to source often requires us to do a lot of cleaning that a lot of people aren't willing to do. So. But the truth the basic foundation is true i really do believe that getting on your golden path is probably one of the fastest ways to inoculate yourself against those negative energies alex sander that was an amazing answer thank you david wishing our blessing you're very welcome my friend says what's your thoughts on fractionation hypnosis on seduction what is the best way to ins to insinuating without being noticed actually i said um all predatory aspects of your question aside um what i gave the information i gave on the three magic questions echo technique uh and vibing is probably the most effective way to really do that um without setting off flags or or push back now if you have enough level if you have a strong enough command presence or authority uh a lot of people will just become compliant. Anyway.

But that's a little bit of a different energy that you and it takes a lot more to manage i think um julie bishop beauty says is there a basic prerequisite course as actual before taking your other courses the best courses to take at entry level is identity by design self-mastery supercharger or killer influence time and time again we see that these three courses are the best absolute best entry points into the higher level courses. So one day i'll start with one of those. But unless we specifically say. So most of the classes um you can just walk into like all the face reading classes well that's not true patreon level one thanks for number two um it's a little bit more forgiving on face shooting level one and two because there's a lot of back and forth between those um.

But for the most part killer influence or uh identity by design will decide or in this case self-matched supercharger is probably the are the best zero to hero courses to do and that's why we try to do as many of them uh throughout the year as possible cpi level one is actually a great course too uh that articular influence will serve the prerequisite the same thing uh let's see here alejandro says can't make it to vegas i live in mexico. But i'll get the course thanks a lot you're very welcome my friend laida rasmar says at andrew morris i called dr david's clinic and they scheduled me with a fellow named tj he was incredibly incredibly kind and helped me through an impossible grief highly recommend very good thank you letter for that endorsement uh laura thompson says is there a manual for self-mastery yes. It's the identity by design manual if you don't have it reach out to stephanie she'll send you um she'll send you the uh the course manual pdf. So you'd say well that's scary now um what do you do to cure ptsd from your hypnosis courses oh my god the entire identity by design style can be used for ptsd every single thing we do in regression can be used for ptsd um there is not a single thing that we teach that can't be used for ptsd period andrew morris says thank you very much senior floor says do you believe in smv sexualizing market value if.

So can your technology increases i'm not familiar with this term can you elaborate on this and i'll i'll give you my opinion of it um. But i'm not really sure what that means you know. Later asmr at andrew morris 200k very good um i'm needing some direction uh hello david i'm needing some direction okay. Jeff what do you mean i'm interested in becoming a counselor okay.

Is there some sort of ripple effect in your immediate surroundings a moment you want one walkthrough in many cases yeah revelation uh what you'll find is once you really know what the your life direction and that path is supposed to be gets magical really quick now sometimes it gets magical in an amazingly cool way sometimes it gets magical and they not. So amazingly cool at least not at. First. But uh yeah uh things when you when you actually get on that path a lot of things a lot of things change a lot of things change.

So jeff says initially becoming a counselor okay. Um okay. Jeff when you talk about becoming a counselor what does that mean what kind of counseling do you want to do you want to be a drug addictions counselor do you want to be a trauma counselor do you want to do uh psychotherapy you want to be a marriage family therapist mental therapy what kind of high school counseling what kind of counseling do you want to do are there any books on golden path no. Um lillian was actually in the process of writing one when she passed uh kelly when she went to help clean out lillian's things uh found 10 pages or 10 chapters of a golden path book.

She was writing i do not know if those chapters were made available i'm hoping kelly will find a way to finish them there is a book. Called the path of ming which is largely um a treatise on this concept of ming or destiny or in chinese culture i've got the book. I have not read it yet uh it just came i just got it from one of the portions of lillian's i was reviewing um i do not know how relevant that will be for those of you who want to get on goldenpack um. But yeah i think it's called the path of thing if not if that's not right.

I will post it um uh juano's yeah it was uh john campbell is one of my students he lives in the uk uh he's got a lot of years of lucid dreaming experience under his belt. So when people ask about controlling your dreams and things of that nature i often refer them to john revelation how can you discern whether you've had a past life experience with an individual ask your unconscious mind and listen to the. First thing that comes up remember six characteristics of an unconscious response the unconscious mind always answers. First it always answers honestly always feels like you're making it up you always have an urge to edit what just came up it's almost never allowed.

So it's always quiet like wind or motion in the back of your mind way off in the distance those are the six characteristics that let you know the information is coming from your autonomic nervous system rather than your neocortex you have to learn to trust that those characteristics. So that you can put faith like a better word in the information you receive from your own system those six characteristics are the key to working on yourself have you read the master key system by charles hannell i've heard of it i have not read it i've heard that i have not read it julie bishop says do you have any courses that would help me home or yeah vibrational influence the earlier ones um vibrational influence 2014 through 2016 um will have an intensive uh drilling on uh remote influence skills about viewing skills what do you mean it feels like he feels like it's always there when the unconscious mind generates a response it almost always feels like it's something you just made up because the same part of your mind that makes things up is the same part that controls access to that information it's the imaginative creative side of you. So when you understand the characteristic of the dynamic of that. Then it's easier to trust the quality of the information that you get sarah says hey man when you come to the uk as soon as they let me in as soon as they let me that question was asked earlier i am chomping at the bit uh to get back to the uk and my all my friends and and students out there miss you guys terribly um and.

So yeah uh sarah constance have you heard of gene keys and humans i've heard of human design gene keys i'm not familiar with gene keys i'm not familiar literally unfiltered. First impression into it okay. Are you guys bummed i'm not wearing a vest oh i understand jeff smith says i've been listening to sleep hypnosis now for a few months i don't seem to notice a change. Then i would definitely not um a couple of caveats a the hypnosis that you're listening to may not be effective that's entirely possible it may be that you're going uh too deep into tran into sleep and.

So um people are asking my best mates okay. I'll put my best on i hate the fact i hate i don't i don't usually like to wear my vest with this shirt because the collar always always sneaks out and i look. Like i'm unkempt right. So i can just cry it's gonna do that i don't really like that.

But that's right. Um there we go better now does it look. Like me the giant crystal's like we're part of the cool vibe yes. In fact i'm going to be going to vegas in a couple of weeks i'm going to be buying a ton of crystals and by the way i know my backdrop hasn't is the same as that it always is.

But actually i'm i'm streaming you now from what my new my new office i lovingly call the nlp powerhouse which is literally a three-bedroom house that i've rented and renovated to be a training center for my coaching clients and things like that. So um kind of see how my my collars just kind of peek out at odd angles i just look. Just drives me crazy i like i like symmetry. Anyway all right.

Oh my god i see that you're much happier now i see right. Well if that gentleman that you keep hiding is causing problems you can just ban them uh. Anyway. Anyway here um i look.

Like a magician well i kind of am right. Um. So yeah the universe part of my golden path was to teach this all these spiritual and uh things and uh the more i tried to run away the more the universe kept pulling me back. So after you know 12 15 years of trying not to teach these things i just kind of said okay.

I get it i'm a little stubborn i get it i'll do it. So hopefully people will support us and you'll take these things out into the world and do good things with them know your personality makes up for the change in jazziness right. On it's weird to not see the best action yeah i get kind of used to it after a while let's see here any truth in seeming retention. So many opinions out there and controlling the urges are tough for a gym hat squats increase my wantings ridiculously well again any physical activity that forces your muscles to get bigger is going to amplify the amount of testosterone that you produce which is going to make you more horny i have seen many reports that say semen retention can actually be bad.

But i've also seen a huge amount of chinese wisdom that says single retention is good for you now here's the thing that i think we need to understand semen is one of the most powerful body fluids energetically that we have there is a tremendous amount of vital force that goes into semen and the idea behind scene and retention is to continue to generate it to continue to generate semen. But to draw the energy out of it and recirculate it through the body now when people look. At things like taoist yoga and sexual kung fu and things like that they tell you a person shouldn't lose their seed here's the part they leave out in many cases many of those practices were designed for the emperor and their and his family the emperors in china's chinese culture could have hundreds of wives than compliments and he was expected to service all of them and. So if you're servicing that many people you need some way to stay alive right.

Because every time you produce semen it's drawn from your organs it's also semen energetically speaking is one of the closest body substances to the akasha like if they're you know the akash or void energy that we talk about in eastern metaphysics um is actually more likely is most concentrated in your blood and in your semen uh for ladies it's menstrual fluid all right. Which is why women tend and when it comes to sexual energetics women tend to have a much more powerful ability with sexual uh yoga and qigong that men do men are inherently young on the inside are you inherently young on the outside and on the inside um and. So their vessel their ability to draw energy is not as strong as the females. So if you have you know a taoist male taoist practitioner um and a female danish practitioner and they're and they're not working together in other words they're trying to vaporize each other the female can actually draw more energy from the male than the male can draw from the female.

So there's a lot of you know there's a reason why that why that yet nature is always kind of treasured and many kinds it's just try to they try they try to suppress it um they have a stronger vessel if you're looking at cabala um like an ancient cabal officer i know we started this question started with stephen and i'll get back to it. But i want to kind of give you the bigger picture um in in like ancient kabbalah you know in hebrew tradition the females the women would always sit to the back of the of the synagogue right. And for many in orthodox as far as i know um what i was told. Anyway in orthodox judaism um that's kind of taken to believe that women were kind of second-class citizens it actually isn't based on the esotericism that was taught in kabbalah it was believed that because women were inherently more spiritual than women that than the men they could they were more of a they had more vessel you know in chinese medicine they're not intelligent medicine productive practices we talk about life and vessel women had more vessel they could they were inherently more spiritual they could draw more from from god than the men could do.

So the men had this closer to the altar now that's what i was taught makes sense to me from a functional energetic. So here's the thing we need to understand there are some strong benefits to semen retention i believe long term i've been doing it for the better part of 45 years i've been doing it pretty much since i learned about it now it doesn't mean i don't need job today from time to time or whatever um. But one of the things that that we need to understand is that a lot of these practices originated from the emperor's royal family and they were designed to maintain the life and health and youth of a man who had to service 10 20 30 40 50 100 females right. Now for some of us that sounds like heaven having lived a a a tiny version of that lifestyle i can tell you it ain't all right.

Um. So i think at the end of the day a lot of what you do will determine how much uh student retention you should practice i'm i've been doing it like i said i've been doing it longer than i haven't um and i think it's helped me overall. But i have seen i have seen some scientific reports where ejaculation on a regular basis is actually good for the prostate it's good for all these other things um if you're doing semen retention you have to remember to massage your prostate uh a lot okay. Because it needs because what's happening is you're actually creating an environment that's easy for energy to stagnate.

So you gotta be really careful with that stuff. So that's about all i have to say about that women are the subconscious and the men are conscious i don't know that i'd go that direction. But okay. Uh david my name is daniel ball i've been listening to you i know you have um you're really getting into the breath and i guess i never took.

It serious modulations that oh breath is one of the most powerful forces in the universe everything in the universe breeds only we don't call it graph we call room we have to oversee from behind okay. Listen do you think your copy of renegade hypnosis will be available 10 years from now what copy of renegade hypnosis are you talking about john i only did one course many many many many many years ago called renegade nurses um and it's the only course i have that's actually only available on dvd. So if that's the one you're talking about and if you want it i can have a copy made you know just call stephanie and we'll go from there. But i don't have any plans on taking it off the market i just don't promote it just because i don't want to have uh i don't want to i don't want to mix brand names with mark cunningham's work it's just it's no.

Point in it causes too much confusion um the dorset 117 says that's the most i've ever heard david say about semen no. Just joking around i have trouble with just one me too okay. Ricardo rodriguez has just got here trainer says oxygen paddy pacifico says survive overcame fifteen years chronic trigeminal neuralgia lost all new year work. But still no.

Money world can't stop progression it's just bringing shame. So that i know i'm better than this you are better than this um and patty i don't know if there's a i don't know if there's a question there. But if you can kind of rephrase or restate what you want to know i'm happy to kind of give you some insight or input if i can sam diaz says my. First time you catch david live yeah train our subconscious mind happy thoughts is laughing your ass off which is normal for happy the door 117. it's camille of course it is liv the seven says dr d how you baby trainer says trillion cells hopefully i'm not missing anybody all right.

Um coming up i got about maybe 10 or 15 actually i probably need to get going uh because i'm supposed to meet meeting my wife for dinner. But uh i got i'll give you guys another five or six minutes you guys got some other questions and. Then i'm gonna be out of here you guys have a good new year kryptori what's up david happy new years how would you efficiently start to program the habits of millionaires for example details strategic careless of others opinions persistent problem solver identity by design the identity by design silo is the fastest most direct way to start um changing all those building laws in fact the specifically pillars of power and voice of authority which are about midway through the identity by design side though are the exact techniques that you would use to do that and. Then you can use um magic circle at the end to program the traits qualities and characteristics of millionaires into you that's what i would do favorite places to go eat oh i love rude chris steakhouse um i love um fogo the chow i love um the bonties in the tekka well listen all the questions are flooding in now you gotta be blowing past me again um jeff says i see my thoughts manifesting in reality and causing a lot of anxiety and a lot of fear you need to target the fears.

First fears and anxieties need to go. First fear is a negative manifestation engine and. So when you have fears and you have anxieties they need to go. First okay.

Um yes. That's what what's your advice for the top two ways to use your technique online to communicate on tinder echo technique three magic questions be playful um and. Then 36 magic questions 36 magic bullets rider if you don't know what those are um you should probably look. At speed attraction and uh renegade romance uh videos on youtube that will give you the foundations if you want to go deeper dive still go into uh attraction mastery and killer influence and you'll be on the fast track to being super flawed on tinder um paddy pacifica what technique should i continue it sounds to me patty like you might want to get hook.

Up with somebody who is a regression progression certified and start to unpack some of the stuff that's going on there you also want to have somebody go over you and inventory the actual physical counterparts or actions that you're taking in the real world to complement and um facilitate the internal changes that you're making you know we talked in in our webinars we talked about hidden laws of attraction we talked about this and how to reprogram your subconscious mind we talked about this there are two must have ingredients to success the. First one is an identity you have to have a belief system and a sense of self and deservingness that supports you you have to have that otherwise you won't take actions the other part is step two you gotta take the actions now a lot of times people will do the internal work. But they won't be the external they won't take the steps necessary to become the person on the outside that they're trying to be on the inside and it's that unwillingness to change that unwillingness to step into the discomfort of doing something different and embracing the possibility that you might not live up to your own expectations while going through that process that causes people from achieving and manifesting the things that they want um and and the unconscious mind can be very very i don't want to say devious. But covert in in some ways how it generates this desire to stay the same and not take action um.

So if you want to follow up on on those things there was a really good hidden laws of attraction and a very good how to reproduce conscious mind video. But i did i think it was back in july or august uh and i talked a lot about reasons why the law of attraction doesn't work or why people fail using the law of attraction the other part is any of the hidden how to reprogram your subconscious mind videos we talked about identity in action you really need to drill down and make sure that you're not um holding yourself back from taking the appropriation because you don't think you're you know it's going to take too long it's going to cost too much uh you don't have the time there's all kinds of reasons your unconscious mind will generate or rationalization that your your actual neocortex will generate that will cut will stop you from becoming the person which means taking the actions that allow you to manifest this it's going to be useful for you to be have kind of an outside guide both in terms of the alchemical side. But also in terms of kind of reframing your unwillingness or your potential and willingness to take the actions that would be off the top of my head what i would recommend and there's lots of people here who are certified if you're certified through me up to regression uh just type type me or type your name in the chat and. Then if um and if you check it again if you see somebody who resonates with you uh reach out to them and see what you can do or you can call 858 282 663 and ask stephanie for a recommendation and she'll give you the contact information for some of our trained therapists the revelation's asking how do you know when we found one um it sounds like a romance question i think you know you found one when you can look.

At that person imagine me with them 30 years from now and they're exactly the same person that's sitting in front of you here's what i mean by that it's very easy to confuse a rush of hormonal responses for the one. But inevitably what happens when we start to get into a relationship as we go through the process of communicating and connecting we start inevitably imagining what a relationship with this person might be like and a lot of times you know again up until recently i was you know a lot of my demographic was male. But a lot of you know the past five or ten years a huge number of ladies have have joined planet david and are getting the same benefits one of the things that happens is we inevitably pick a partner of the potential do we look. At that person we say this is who they are now and they're awesome and with just the right.

Help just the right. Guidance they could be this this this this this and that is where people fail because if you are not if the person in front of you right. Now isn't good enough to be with 30 years from now they are probably not the right. Ones now for every every rule i give you there's an exception.

But here's the thing if we pick a partner based on who we think they could be rather than who they are at that time we're asking for disappointment we're asking to work a lot harder in that relationship than maybe we need to if we just used a little bit more discernment. First. So as somebody looking for a partner if the person in front of you if you can imagine that you're with them 30 years from now what they would like for them will be like 30 years from now and they're not making you happy and that imagine you know as they are chances are they're not the one. But test everything three magic questions will give you probably the fastest most accurate deep dive into that person's psyche and perceptual filters that are going to govern the actions that they take while generating connection and attraction that you can imagine right.

Now i don't believe in v1 i believe there is a one um and that can change based on the life choices you make and the directions your your spiritual powers take you right. And we have we have a class coming up on january 23rd called soulmate secrets again you can't get in the class because it's by invitation only uh if you're one of our webinar people and you bought our package. Then you have a vip ticket uh for that class and if you want to use it to get in that classroom you can do that. But um.

But this is where we talk about all the different myths around. So many secrets how biochemistry and biology and parental templates and archetypes and love languages all these things factor together right. Down to the hormonal dominant pathways that people tend to select in their ideal partners. So you come away with a really good idea of what that ideal the characteristics of what that ideal partner should be and you get a lot of authority on um what you have to have in life which if you don't know what you want in life you aren't going to know what you want in your partner.

So this was one of the most illuminating processes that many of our students had in soulmate secrets. But at the end of the day it has to start with somebody who makes your heart sing makes you happy who has enough things in common with you that you can connect and bond that is different enough to be interesting and exciting it has to start there right. I'll fall into is when we look. At this person we imagine why the person is doing right.

Now just the right. Input from me they could be even better which is another way of saying they could be exactly the person i want them to be which may not be the person who they want them to be that make sense. So again apply a little bit more thinking to your feeling right. And and notice when you start projecting onto the other people across from you um who they want them to be in 30 years versus who they are now if you operate from the idea that this person in front of me is not going to change at all in the.

Next 30 years nothing i do will change them this is who they will be can you be happy with that person can you be happy with the person sitting in front of you right. Now if they don't change a single bit the answer is no. Well slow down it may surprise you and i've certainly been guilty of this numerous times by the way i am speaking from experience as well as observing lots of other people going through these same processes the chat will help me with targeting fear good man david have you thought of doing a live new year's super success collective minute i have in fact i was going to do one today. But i don't have time.

So what i will do is i promise you that at some point before i leave for las vegas i will spontaneously log on my youtube channel and we will do some cool meditative stuff together okay. Emotions energy yeah i read a book. You recommended and it talked about how to guide someone's choices which is people always believe what they conclude now i'm reading a book. By now this bennett banned a check is good benedict's got some good stuff yeah and the book.

You're um you're actually referring to is called forbidden keys to persuasion by blair warren uh and he talks about one of the phrases i took. From uh from that book. Which i use religiously is people resist what you tell them they never resist what they conclude resources from many vetted lovers and. Last longer than bed most traumatic hypnosis i've seen seems to focus on increasing orgasms haven't seen as much for men i have a course called forever man which we don't advertise which is all about using hypnosis and dietary processes and herbal formulas to beat premature ejaculation have the best sex ever if you read if you call out if you call stephanie at 858-282-4663 you can get that that whole program includes self-hypnosis audios it includes dietary recommendations um some really cool stuff beware of audio with number eight it almost killed me and almost killed my wife uh let's see here when was the current self-matches supercharger that is available uh 2000 well there's actually a bunch of them uh the one that i'm where we have on the website is 2000 i think it's 2012 2013. um we have other versions of it that we've done um at hypnothoughts they go it goes under the name secrets of personality transformation they are newer.

But basically the same content just a different audience i really like the older one because it really just distills down into the core basic techniques eric is saying if you can if you can take the class on the one in romance do it you will learn more about you in a short period eric was in our soulmate our. Last soulmate secrets class. So he can uh he can talk about it uh sandia says how can i improve my focus color breathing and magic frame staring at a candle will do it too do some videos on crystals okay. Jeff is there a way we can connect all right.

Guys it's 501 my wife is expecting me at dinner thank you. So much for spending some time with me i really enjoyed hanging out with you uh love you all uh be on the lookout for spontaneous experiences of david on his youtube channel uh doing weird meditations and cool things like that um if you're interested in our soulmate secrets class you can reach out to stephanie at 858-282-4673 if you want more exposure no. Pun intended to david on a more intimate level check out some of our paid membership level we have the gold membership the platinum membership and the diamond level membership um anybody who's in one of those memberships feel free to answer the questions that people have i need to jet i love you all have a great happy new year let's get this one off let's rock 2022 let's make it our best year ever in spite of all the things the forces that be are trying to impose on us let's exert our free will our freedom of thought and be the people we want to be instead of the people that we at the universe and the politics of our era are trying to make us out to be now.
