Title: tiXIrkJdwBs.txt
Video Id: tiXIrkJdwBs
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tiXIrkJdwBs

If you're on the mat nobody sues anybody it's an agreement okay. I did forget my damage waivers and my video waivers today. So if you are on the mat you are giving me consent a to put your lovely face on. YouTube or whatever and you agree to hold us harmless from any damages you're training at your own risk that being said everything we do today is going to be based on safety fun and stuff that actually works.

So you guys can um well have have us come on up a little bit you guys don't have to be still far away all righty by a show of hands how many people uh this is your. First time meeting me and and coming out to one of my events very cool very cool okay. Today is about uh secrets of personal self-defense my name is. David.

Snider. I have an eighth degree black belt in an art called. Ruku. Kempo which has two.

Arts within it that are even more famous. One is called kho. Jitsu the other is called. Tu.

Jitsu kho. Jitsu is the. Art and. Science of pressure point attacking or vital.

Point striking the theory behind kho. Jitsu is that from a kho. Jitsu perspective the fight should begin and end in less than a. Second means from the time they make contact to the time they're on the ground and you're on your way home.

Second or less. So that's kind of the goal in a lot of the ways. I approach what. I'm going to teach you today now that being said.

I am not teaching you to be a. Brazilian jiu-jitsu fighter. I'm not teaching you. I know she's disappointed.

I'm not teaching you to become the. Next. MMA champion of the world. I'm teaching you how to go home does that make sense.

So to do that we're going to teach you how to hit as hard as humanly possible with the hardest object around it's called the. Earth and. So what we're going to be teaching you in addition to how to activate nerves and and vital points of the body we're going to also show you a different kind of pressure point we're going to be teaching you what. I call biomechanical.

Tu or biomechanical kisho. Jitsu these are inherent weaknesses the body. First of all understand the human body is extremely strong and the way most of us are taught to attack the body actually makes us forces us to attack the strong. Parts okay.

If you if you go to a traditional karate class or uh even some uh even even boxing gyms and things like that you have certain targets that are legal certain targets that are illegal right. Well it's the illegal targets that are actually the vulnerable spots the and you know we all know about the groin we all know about the knees. But most of us and we all know about the eyes. But we're all squeamish about attacking those points you know.

First thing. I do is. First time we practice an eye jab the. First thing.

I hear from the room is usually ew well guess what if you have an ew response to poking somebody in the eye you probably won't use it to protect yourself on the street. So today is going to be a combination of physical technique. But also we're going to cover something that. I don't normally cover in in our martial arts meetups which is your mind how can we begin to cut our chances of being attacked down by as much as 80% just by changing the way we think and.

The. Way. We. Stand okay.

So there's going to be some just if you've been to my. NLP power meetups you know. I spend a lot of time on training the mind okay. To finish my rather long pedigree because.

I. I hate to bore you guys um. I have an. A3 black belt in kho.

Jitsu. I also have. I'm a certified instructor in an art called combat. Systema.

I have fourth degree black belt in. Shaolin. Kau brown belt in small circle. Jiu-Jitsu.

I'm a certified instructor in modern arnes certified instructor in. Cinco mono. Esrea uh. I'm also certified in what they call combat.

Ares which is more of a knife art than anything else and a lot of the things that that. I work from are derived from my work with the knife even though we probably won't be using a knife here except as a prop in terms of how to move the reason that we we use the knife as the litmus test for a technique is because it is the least forgiving of the weapons it will cut you just as easily as it will cut the bad guy and. So if we can do a technique that is viable against a blade it has a high probability of working empty-handed also when people see like steel even if it's just a dull a dull. Training knife they get scrap they get fear and that's one of the things that we need to understand when we're out on the street is we need to know what to do when that fear hits us how do we begin to deal with that now in a 4-Hour.

Meetup like this we're not going to be able to cover every single aspect in depth my job here is to make things very very simple that if all you had was 5 minutes a day that you could do a couple of simple movements with the right. Intention you would have a high probability of being able to protect yourself against 80% of what's out there and that's my goal is to make things simple easy and effective. So uh that being said we're going to actually start off by uh warming up a little bit even though it's warm enough we're going to actually start by learning how to move a little bit some of the. Arts we're going to be pulling from today are small circle.

Jiu-Jitsu um. Systema pressure points or kho. Jitsu and uh. Arn esrea the.

Arts of the. Philippines which are very very fast easy to learn uh methods for something you can start doing right. Away for just for my edification how many people here actually do have a martial arts background raise your hands don't lie it's okay. Nobody okay.

So only if. So all the ladies are are lying either lying or they just don't want to tell me that's all right. It doesn't really matter because you're going to get some good stuff out of this. Anyway.

So the. First thing. I want to do is. I want to kind of get us maneuvering a little bit we're going to start with something uh it's kind of like combat yoga for lack of a better word it's it's from the art of of the.

Russian martial art of. Systema and it's known as low acrobatics or ground flow and it's a way of learning how to move on the ground that and and while it it seems very graceful and very fluid it's very very good for the joints of the body it's very very good for the connective tissues it's also one of the ways that you can begin to remove fear from the physical body there's this process that goes on uh in our in our day-to-day life it's called sensory motor. Amnesia and what happens is the parts of us that get cramped into a certain position actually kind of go to sleep and we forget the body literally forgets that they're there and. So as we go through these gentle movements all of which do have combat applications and self-defense applications uh it's going to lubricate the body it's going to get the joint capsules kind of moving it's going to get you a little bit more uh your heart rate up just a little bit without being aerobic for lack of a better word.

But. I want you to think of it more as moving meditation. I want you to think of it more as just breathing and flowing we're going to start and again and one of the things about the. Russian martial arts that.

I. I love of over all and. I love all the. Arts.

But there are certain things that certain. Arts just have that other. Arts don't one of which is this philosophy that nothing you do in. Systema should damage the body you know we when we we start training these hard style martial arts like.

Kempo. Karate uh boxing even. MMA. Muay.

Thai by the time we hit 30 35 40 we start losing our physical abilities and we start to break the body down because of all this really hardcore training. So stma doesn't. Embrace that they believe in a more slow graduated approach that everything you do should strengthen the body while at the same time invigorating and rejuvenating the body. So if you if all you got from today was the 15 or 20 minutes that we did of the ground flow exercises you would take about.

I would say 5 to 10 years off of your chronological age in your body just from that you would be much more relaxed okay. So it's really cool stuff has a lot of combat applications if people want to go there. I'll show you some of the combat applications of the ground movements uh. Then what we're going to do is we're going to work into um either.

I. I haven't made a decision yet whether we're going to go into. Mount escapes or whether we're just going to go to stand up and just start working attacks from from the front grabs things like that. But if you guys have a question or have a a circumstance or a situation that you'd like to know more about.

I'm more than happy to to go there and play with that okay. So there's a flow today and the idea is for you to walk away with something you can use have a good time and if you want more. I'll show you where to go. Next if you want to get more stuff is that cool all right.

So. First thing. I'm going to do is. I'm going to take off this stupid microphone you guys are way too serious everybody.

Stand. Up. Guys are way too freaking serious okay. I goof off a lot when.

I have self- defense. So here's what. I want you. I want you to look.

Either to your right. Or to your left walk up to the person. Next to you stick out your hand and go. David that's better if you're not smiling you're not learning all right.

Right. I like that. I like that. Muhammad.

Ali cut you got going on that's awesome all right. Very cool all right. So. I'm going to take this off wa this is the academic part we have to understand the principle.

So we can apply the technique hips are. Head. Shoulders hips knees as long as they line up the body is strong the body is stable any time here's the. Rule.

Tattoo it on your forehead on the insides of your eyelids any place that you will remember it anytime the hips or shoulders are misaligned anytime the structure is distorted the only. Direction you need to move is down you don't need to pull him you don't need to push him that will actually make him stronger because the body is designed for. Diagon movements it's designed to resist that being a technical term right. So the.

First thing you're going to do is we're going to work um that exercise all. I want you to do is misalign get a partner misalign the hips and the should and you can make it big for now as you get more and more advanced the degree of stand up straight the degree of distortion can be more and more subtle because it goes from something you can see to something you can feel now here's the beautiful part this will work if she's doing it to him okay. I've had. I've had 110b girls drop 300 lb guys with a lot of the techniques that you're going to learn today because they're based on the the concept of how the skeleton works and that regardless of your size shape nationality neurological predispositions everybody's center of gravity in this room weighs exactly the same her center of gravity doesn't weigh any different than his and if she can connect to that.

Center she can control everything that's connected to his. Center which is basically everything about him okay. This is the base siki taiichi some of your. Advanced art.

Systema goes really off the deep end with this. But when we start working what. I call the entries one of the. First things that we're going to do as we enter is we're going to get that structure distorted.

So all we got to do is move down right. We hit them with the ground and go home right. If on the way down we want to be more thorough you can right. But at the end of the day we've distorted the structure he's stuck literally between falling and holding himself up which gives me the perfect opportunity to lay in a finishing strike a distracting strike to get away does that make sense okay.

So partner up. Danny and. Zach and. Billy are going to come around they're going to help you with this and.

Then we're going to build on that okay. Go play. Next drill you guys have fun with this yes. Okay.

Next thing uh. CJ. I don't know. I just like this guy all right.

So the. Next thing we're going to do. So what we've worked now is basic understanding of structural alignment okay. We misalign the box cars in any way we can be all the only direction we need to do move is down now my wife happens to be a chiropractor just face me b square okay.

So now what we're going to work on is what we call. Three. Arch principle you guys know what the spine is right. Everybody here have a spine.

I spin. First thing we're going to look. At is you have the cervical. Arch goes this way you have the thoracic.

Arch goes this way you have the lumbar. Arch goes this way right. The vertebrae of the spine stand on each other like a stack of dishes and the body has a tremendous amount of connective tissue to try and keep a certain level of tension and springiness in the spine what we're doing in the. First drill we did where we misalign this is we we're taking that spine and doing that and now the spine can no.

Longer conduct force and support the body the way it's normally designed to there's any of you know what a hangman reflexes okay. Well at the base of it's a it's a you can look. It up. I won't go into it.

But basically what want to find. C7 right. Here and the base of his forehead now what you want to do is you want to base at the at the at the. C7 or the.

T1 and compress this way when you do that this interesting thing happens defaults down. I knew that was going to happen of course you did. I know what's about to happen right. It's like a sense of impending doom right.

And it's a reflex it's not it's not about me being obviously. I'm not bigger and stronger than. CJ right. I may need a step ladder to do this technique right.

But. I can do other things to bring his head down to a level that. I can work with right. So in my school we're going to take the the structure of your body.

First as you go down that's going to set up the opportunity for me to hit a nerve or some other vital point if. I want to does that make sense. So if if you if. I take your opponent's structure away he has nothing left to fight back with he's too busy trying to get himself back in structure or flailing on the way to the ground.

So the. First drill is going to be the cervical. Arch base it here press here compress this way now his structure is now officially what broken broken where's the what direction do. I need to move down.

So. I do this you'll see the butt pop out kind of like a little booby prize right. Or booty prize. So.

I come in here drop and he may take a little because he's tall it takes a little while to drop because has to wave through right. But uh be careful with. David if you work with. David on this and we work with when you work with.

Kim be careful because she has some hip stuff that we don't want to exacerbate. So that's the. First thing we're going to do compress press look. At him there he goes and.

I didn't even drop yet right. They never see this coming okay. Oring you ask the question you get this. So.

CJ can see now okay. So all. I'm doing here ponytail out of my way. So.

I'm going to base the spine here. I'm going to compress it this way once and you'll you'll see the you'll see the sacrum pop she really tried on that one too why you guys always trying remember the more you resist the more. I have to give you some juice. But the whole idea is.

I compress see look. See see her butt see are her hips and shoulders aligned all. I got to do is drop the body is strong from the top down okay. CJ could pick me up and throw me around like a freaking you know.

Nerf bat football she can fight if. I could actually stand on her hips or sit on her hips she could hold me up that way because the body is designed to be strong from the top down. But not the bottom up okay. So when.

I do this again. I'm not trying to beat on women. But it's you know my w beats on me. I guess it's fair okay.

Compressed you see your butt you see it shift out and you can go slow that's the weird part is is you don't have to be ballistic with it can. I use you for a. Second. So.

So. Christie can see you don't have to be ballistic with it once the structure's. I'm like waiting fall okay. I'm ready right.

Once the structure is distorted see how she starts to fold and you see how she folds they all kind of fold the same way that's the way the body is designed to go to the ground safely your body is actually engineered to fall in a way that actually keeps you from getting hurt the problem is is that we tense up on the way down and that's where we get hurt where the tension is right. Systema goes a very goes to. Great. Lengths to teach you how to systematically remove excess tension from the body.

So the body can do what it's already designed to do you ever see somebody just faint they just fold up kind of like what what's your name here dawn like. Dawn just did right. They just fold up like an accordin and they go to the ground no. Problem more often than not that's the idea in systemic falling is learning how to let the architecture of the body do that it's when we try to control those things or tense up and lock and protect oursel consciously that things go south.

So. Systema goes a very long way in unlocking the body's natural survival capacities because you can't plan for every eventuality. But what you can do is develop a protocol or a formula that you can apply that will yield a predictable result even though it may look. Different every single time.

So what we're going to do. Don and. Christy thank you give them a big round of applause. TJ all you're going to do all you're going to do is find the base of the cervical spine the forehead and compress it till you see the butt kick and it may be big or it may be small once that happens all you got to do is bend your knees and drop your hips we call that big motor little motor principle if you drop from your waist instead of pulling from up top.

Then the body's natural strengths are bypassed does that make sense okay. Go play with that all right. Circle up. Next drill okay.

So that's the cervical. Arch that's the cervical. Arch let use. Zach for this.

Zach is my. Gumby. Next drill again we're working the. Three.

Arch concept right. Then we're going to work actually an entry. Then we're going to come back we'll work a few more structure breaking ideas. So from here he drops okay.

So that's the cervical. Arch you have two more arches okay. The hardest one and it's and again it's all it's not that hard is the thoracic. Arch now the cervical.

Arch. Comes. This. Way okay.

Thoracic. Arch is more like this and again just like before we want to misalign the stack of dishes. So you want to find the roughly the rounding of the shoulder blade and you can find right. Above the hip or right.

On the ribs. However you can get that to happen and. I'm. I'm doing a lot more than.

I actually need to. But for right. Now now it's better to go this far. So you know you've got it right.

So it can be done we can do this from a clinch position right. We could do this from maybe we've passed and now we're back here we can take it down we'll get into that. Later. But.

I want you to get really familiar with these three arches. First. So find the rounding of the shoulder blade and anywhere between the the other shoulder blade and the top of the hip is fine you can actually do it off the hip as well. But that kind of bleeds into what.

I call the lumbar arge technique which is the one. I probably use the most and for you small people that will be you know homecoming for you guys. So compress the spine drop okay. Just drop your butt or as we say turn their head bend your knees drop your ass turn their shoulders bend your knees drop your ass okay.

When in doubt bend your knees and drop your butt okay. So same same drill now you're going to work either from the inside and dropping or from the outside and drop it okay. Easy peasy go play three and three there's ditri strong like bull sure okay. So find the rounding of her shoulder blade and all you want to do is compress.

So for you. I'll do it to you. So she can see. So no.

Turn around. So you can see okay. So from here. I want to find the rounding of the shoulder blade okay.

And again anywhere in here is fine as long as. I can get that that kind of a dynamic right. And. Then just drop try not to stand behind him because he'll fall on you yeah he did that's what happens a lot of times is a lot of times a lot of these really cool.

I holding on to them too though because. I couldn't get into the fall that way well again you guys got to make sure you you you move out of the fall line well. I have a little bit more practice nice very nice do you guys rock nice good very nice you guys are getting deadly guys are getting deadly okay. You're working way too too hard.

But it's all right. But he's like tough he's a. Russian the whole idea is when. I'm here see down they go you don't have to pull them down did anything all right.

Well. I've been doing this a while guys. I know all right. It's okay.

To to push and really distort it to to learn it the longer you do it the more you'll develop that that touch and that sensitivity that allows you to get really small right. But you can't start there okay. It's nice to. Aspire to what.

I do. But remember you haven't seen the four five six seven years. I've been touching all these people trying to kill me at these meetups where. I let anybody come in right.

Dimitri has actually seen some of that right. But again the whole idea is get the idea of compressing that spine and again this is the hardest. I ever work when. I throw somebody this is the hardest.

I ever worked you're excited now aren't you brother cool very cool now again. Demitri. As. She.

Goes. Down all you want to do now is get out of her way see oh. So don't yeah don't stand behind her because she'll use you for support. So as.

I break this. I need to get out of the way and stay with him on the way down right. Now his you your momentum drove him forward as a rule he'll want to fold down don't fall on her what's wrong with you very nice you guys rock all right. Give yourselves a big round of applause let's take a s minute water and.

Candy break we'll come back we'll get into more cool stuff that's right.
