Title: Self Defense Pressure Point Technique San Diego
File Name: TkurlmE0xNQ.txt
Video Id: TkurlmE0xNQ
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TkurlmE0xNQ

Hey guys welcome back to a pressure point lesson whatever this might be. I don't reckon actually plug it into the lessons continuum this is mrs. stall the gaps on some of the pressure points anyone might be actually means official the chart why's the ring often in. So a lot of times palm it this way underneath right. Here one of the reasons that.

I don't show this point a lot in. MMA fights feels like the most time they weren't involved. Second is we have to be able to roll up and underneath and. I to be very careful with this point there's three little.

Herman. I just find that right. It's a little box in actuality he's gone position it's very easy for me the universal entry less sweat depending 4:17 there's about 20 these are all universal. I can also buy jelly few points that can easily hit from.

Australian position keep in mind that depending on what level of. Shushan play and this is yet another we it's about setups where that is we need to know where we're going the overfitting between more advanced emergency setups and magnetometer again the arms here the more rapidly start with the enema everyone is. Prescott strike with me here like my means sit down yeah three be very careful to not get these. I have not see training training drill that we you mentioned several places opposition police remember the.

First move our body to a position of strategic advantage. So if. I'm here. First thing.

I'm going to do and praise it was not resolved to try to hit me more these are points and try to do things. First / circumvent the target. I want to survive try to win a circle in the attack. I will improve my bond.

I'm in a better position place place my hand on the point. No. This teaches me how to wire in and touch those points. I'm a kinesthetic learner and.

I need to be able to find one. So the whole idea here again fine trust me lose all of our all of our lots of you were three blocks it ends. I move. First actually becomes true we're working on our points place my hands on those pressure points and push we're trained we say and see in the.

Next lesson you.
