Title: tL1KGyIQF1U.txt
Video Id: tL1KGyIQF1U
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tL1KGyIQF1U

Useful go ahead and type that in the chat if you think that's useful okay. We're going to take it even deeper now what if we could emotionally if we get what if we imagine people have a like a little. Heart. Like.

A. Little. Harp inside their heart that we could just unzip it and play whatever song we wanted would that be helpful would that be useful yes. Or yes.

Okay. So the. Next thing. I want to talk about is called the emotional bonding checklist okay.

So let me repeat that the emotional bonding checklist there's two variants on this there's one you use on yourself and there's one you use with other people it's basically the same process. But this is where we have to actually write things down okay. So do you remember at the beginning of the webinar before we had all these different snafoons and things like that that. I said what if you could emotionally.

Bond people to your product yourself or your service in such a way that they would get everything they want just by doing everything you wanted you guys remember that yes. Or yes. Okay. It's one thing for me to tell you about it it's another thing for me to demonstrate it and by the way.

I actually did use the emotional bonding checklist in my in my demonstration with. Bernice when you. So the. First part of that demo you saw me doing the echo technique just read using their words.

But if you pay it if you go back and you watch the demo you'll hear me say. So. Bernice just. So.

I understand you better what's important to you about karate lessons for your 10 year old son. Josh that is one of the most important questions you can ask yourself or any other human being why because when you ask a person including yourself that question it goes right. To their values their emotional needs that they want to satisfy how many people here have some emotional needs that they would like to get satisfied just type it in the chat okay. How many people here have some emotional needs they would like to satisfy using the techniques they're learning from tonight's webinar anybody excellent.

So here's my question what is it what you don't have to type this in the chat because. I know it can be personal. But. I want you to start focusing in now on the exact thing you want to satisfy yourself with as a byproduct of tonight's webinar.

So as a byproduct of tonight's webinar what needs do you want to satisfy what do you want to be able to do what's that going to do for you and what's important about that. So let me let me repeat those three questions as a byproduct of tonight's webinar what do you want to learn or what need you know what do you want to take away from it what's it going to do for you what's important about that. So what. I would let me let me let me do this really quick if.

I can pull up my one note well actually since. I have a. OneNote. I'll just show it to you.

Okay. So what do you want. So let's say. I want to control my emotions right.

What's it going to do for you well if. I can control my emotions and people wouldn't be able to push my buttons anymore. Next question is what's important about that right. No.

One's going to be able to push my buttons that means people can't make me feel bad and if people couldn't make you feel bad what's important to you about getting that. I'll never be afraid again doesn't it look. Like. I've kind of done this before guys.

I'll never be afraid again right. So notice what we're doing here what do you want what's important to you or what's it going to do for you oops what's it going to do for you what's important to you about that now here's the secret to this you're going to need to write these things down. I want you to physically write these things down why is that because when you write them down and you express them it stimulates your neurology you always want to go with the exact words that come up you're going to do this two or three times and you're just going to drill down what's important about getting it ultimately if you had this and you had this and you had this ultimately what's important to you about that right. I would feel safe right.

So that's the example here's what. I want you to do we're going to do this as a drill right. Now. I want you to get out a piece of paper and.

I want you to write out as a byproduct of this training what is it you want to be able to do what's it going to do for you and what's important to you about it. So write those three things down answer those questions. I'm not going to at this point. I'm not going to ask you what those things are what.

I'm asking you to do is know and externalize that information onto a piece of paper using this format okay. Now when you apply this to yourself we call this the emotional motivation checklist when you apply this with other people like you saw me do with. Bernice we call it the emotional bonding checklist okay. So here's what.

I want you to do. I want you to write out the answers to those questions and when you've got all three levels written out. I want you to type done in the chat okay. Let's go ahead and do that done okay.

Aurora's with us okay. Good good good excellent all right. I'm just. I'm just trying to get my everything kind of went wonky all right.

So you've done that now let's do this together. I'm going to go ahead and jump out of my script my screen share all right. So let me get my piece of paper. So now we've got this we should have uh what's important about a what's important about.

B what's important about. C yes. Yes. Or yes.

Okay. Here's what we're going to do. Next. I want you to take this piece of paper with the answers to those questions.

I want you to take an inventory of your body notice how you feel right. Now right. And as a byproduct of this training if you had these things on your list if. I could show you how to get it if you had if you could see a clear path to getting it here's what it's going to do.

Next okay. Hold it up and read the answers to your your questions out loud five times just hold it up. I. I.

I would normally hold it up at about a 45. But it messes with my camera. So maybe. I'll just do it like this right.

But read the answers to this out loud five times and. Then type down in the chat go ahead and do that it's okay. I'll wait come on where's my where did my screen go um. Ennis today is such a wonky day holy cow uh all right.

So oh there we go done all right. Excellent now what just happened in your body when you did this what do you feel now what do you feel now versus before you read it out loud says much lighter. Kathy says done okay. Alignment my body feels safer than it did already you notice that just hearing your own words that are linked to your emotions energized you made you feel better made you feel more positive yes.

Or yes. Okay. Now let me ask you a question what happened to your desire for these things what happened you desire for these things stronger it grew excellent want to see a neat trick do you guys want to share something real cool. I'll.

I'll. I'll deconstruct what. I did at the end of the webinar. But.

I want to notice on a scale of one to ten how much do you feel that right. Now how much were at you at the beginning and what number are you at now in terms of your desire for those things. Ken. Cecile says wow anybody else come on you guys want to learn about influence.

I'm going to teach influence 10. seven nine ten. Wow you went from like in five repetitions you went from. Zero to. Hero let me ask you a question just.

So. I understand you better why do you want that. So bad why didn't you rate it less seriously why didn't you rate it. Last type it in the chat why didn't you rate it less why do you want this.

So much it's more important than the fear okay. You ready to get rid of that fear because. I felt completely unsafe in my past okay. Honestly yeah okay.

Honesty yes. Excellent because those knit are excellent because it will make me better absolutely. So let me ask you a question what we think would be the. Next step to take to move that forward well.

I'm glad you asked because with your permission. I'd like to show you what that. Next step might be would that be okay. Yes.

Or yes. Do it he says excellent all right. Here's how to keep everything we just talked about in the front of your mind when we come down the back end we're going to teach you how to protect yourself and actually take yourself off the menu for a lot of these things and we'll actually customize the content for what we want to do. So with your permission.

I'd like to teach you about the secrets of human influence. Ultra persuasion. Mastery home study course this is a course that. I've spent decades perfecting uh utilizing and teaching to people all over the world it has literally transformed the lives of tens of thousands of people both in pieces and as a whole unit.

I promised you. I would take you as far down this influence and persuasion. Rabbit. Hole as.

I could and. I'd show you how to level up and take the. Next step and here we go the ultimate. Ultra persuasion.

Mastery home study course is all about helping you take your life to the. Next level it's all about making more money closing more deals getting more dates helping more people moving through the world more confident being saying putting a dead stop halt to that fear and being more honest in your life to be more powerful it's about ethnically and honestly winning the game of life in a way that when you look. In the mirror you love the person staring back at you and the world loves you too you know the byproduct of this you're going to become more. Charming charismatic and ultimately you're going to be one of the most irresistible people that anyone you meet has ever met in fact you will be the.

Talk of the. Town at most social events if you apply what we're teaching you right. Now. So here's what we put together now this is a good this is a great offer.

But it expires tonight at 11 59 pm and it concludes the secrets of human influence home study course this is one of our killer influence home study courses this is a 17 video set that teaches you the seven stage. Universal persuasion protocol we're going to show you in small easy to consume step-by-step blueprints how to think like a master influencer influencers and professional influencers think very differently than the average human being they target emotions they target needs they target desires and they know how to how to talk in such a way that those values and those needs get massaged and stimulated okay. It's a 297 value it's going to teach you how to control your own psychomotional state. So no.

One else can okay. This is actually one of the most important and. Jedi skills that separates the killer influence systems from everything else is that we actually will teach you step by step by step exactly how to control your own emotional state how to go into and out of any emotional state at will on demand in any sequence and the byproduct of that training is that no. One will ever be able to push your emotional buttons or influence you in directions you don't want to go without your permission ever again if you want to tap into.

Unstoppable motivation this will allow you to do it if you want to be the most charismatic and. Charming person in the room that will do it if you want to just be able to influence people without even opening your mouth at the high at the higher levels you can actually do that um it's a 297 value. But there's a lot more to it we're going to teach you some of the most powerful. Rapport skills on the planet things that work anytime anywhere under any circumstance for any reason they will literally cause you to see your heartbeats and your breathing patterns to automatically synchronize with people and at the higher levels to this you'll actually be able to transmit your emotions from one nervous system to another like syncing to.

Bluetooth and as a byproduct of that people's reticular activating systems the part of their neurology that actually decides what you pay attention to and how you perceive the world around you will shift. So that they automatically perceive any communication you give them in the most optimal way for you to get what you want and it'll think and they'll think it's their idea. I want to teach you the seven most powerful irresistible hypnotic language patterns on the planet stop for a moment and imagine this imagine what you could do if you had the magical ability to systematically in addition to making people literally pay attention to you at deeper levels and they've ever paid attention to anyone before what if you had the ability to direct that focus of attention to exactly the things you wanted them to pay attention to and ignore everything else okay. What if you could also with this one pattern caused a separation between a person's conscious mind and their unconscious mind.

So that their unconscious mind would just start running whatever program you wanted it to run what could you do with a superpower like that what if these effects would happen even if the person you were using them with knew what you were doing and was actively trying to resist it what could you do with something like that what would happen if you didn't know how to how to detect something like that right. Both sides to this right. One of the secrets to being able to protect yourself from unwanted manipulation and influence is the ability to detect unwanted manipulation and influence the only way to really detect unwanted manipulation and influence is to be good at influence yourself to understand these techniques from a user's perspective and when. I say user.

I mean from someone who's an operator someone who knows how to use these things okay. Remember you you came onto this webinar to learn how to protect yourself one of the. First things you have to understand as a self-defense instructor if. I'm going to teach you how to fight or defend yourself against a knife.

But. I don't teach you what that knife is capable of or how to use that knife. I'm going to get you killed right. I'm gonna you're gonna and if you go into any self-defense course that's teaching you how to protect yourself against a weapon that doesn't teach you.

First how to use the weapon run get out of the class they're gonna get you killed right. I'm your teacher. I'm here to teach you how to protect yourself. So.

I'm going to tell you this you may not want to hear if you want to be able to protect yourself against unwanted manipulations you need to understand how these techniques work and have an ability to use them yourself. So you can detect them when they're being used that doesn't mean you have to use them it means you know enough about these processes that you can detect their use that's what it's about okay. But one of the now. I just talked to you about one pattern what happens what if you had the ability to make anything you want cause anything you want in the minds of your listener even if those things had absolutely nothing in common with each other that's what the.

Second pattern you're going to learn is going to do all right. It's called cause and effect what if you could make any what if you have the ability to make anything you want mean anything you want in the minds of your listener what would happen right. That's only three of the patterns of the seven right. Think about what you could do now one more.

I'm gonna. I'm gonna talk about one more pattern. I'll let you discover the superpowers of the other three when you get the course what if you had the ability to literally force a person's internal mind movies the movies they make about the way the world is or what's supposed to happen or what they're fantasizing about or even what they're afraid of be exactly what you describe with absolutely zero chance of being resisted or being wrong and they would just fall deeper into trance what could you do with a superpower like that that's for the patterns. I've just talked about and what think about what that's that's like magic on steroids right.

That's part of what you now add that to the the echo technique the three magic questions protocol the resistance mobile protocol that you'll also learn and you have some of the most powerful. Unstoppable influence. Technologies on the planet 297 value. But it just gets deeper what if you have the ability to.

Simply manage the emotional states of other people paying attention to where they're at knowing exactly what sequence of states to move them through to get them into the state where they're willing and eager to do exactly what you want them to do. I'm going to show you step by step in easy to use bite-sized chunks how to make that happen okay. Well you could literally have them salivating to want to do the things that you want them to do. But they want to do it for their own reasons and they're going to thank you for it okay.

What if you had the ability to make anything you like if to get somebody let's just say from what somebody said they didn't want to do something what if you had a a little conversational framework that you could use that would cause them to create a compelling emotional real reason for wanting to do the thing they just told you they didn't want to do with zero resistance what would happen to your closing rate what would happen to the level of cooperation that you got from your spouse or your children right. I've used this on my wife with my wife. I've used this on my kids when they didn't want to go to jiu jitsu class. I've used this over the phone.

I've used it to help people get over broken hearts it's a super powerful conversational framework we call it the resistance removal formula it is one of the core elements in this particular training. So think about the things that you'll be able to do and. I'm not even all the way done yet right. What if you could simply step into the the the brain the sequences of steps a person's brain takes for doing something insert whatever content you wanted into that process and they would do exactly what you wanted them to do and feel like it's completely natural to just do it that's what hijacking someone's internal.

Behavior code is all about everybody has codes for the behaviors they generate. I'm going to teach you how to spot them how to fit what you want into it link it to their values. So that they just want to do it for their own reasons and they feel completely natural that right. It's ethical and it's honest now can these things be used unethically yeah you betcha.

But. I'm telling you right. Here right. Now that if you understand what.

I'm truly teaching you you never need to lie cheat or steal to get everything you want in life in fact you'll move through the world and people will just love you how many people want to be more loved anybody type it in the chat right. You're on the fast track okay. We're going to teach you step by step how to do that now that's just a few of the things that you're going to learn in the secrets of human influence core home study course we're also going to include the killer influence mind control. Manifesto now what is this this is a two over a 200.

Page manual that covers not only everything we've just talked about it also covers proxemics proxemic social hypnotic operators these are where's places to stand or sit in relation to another human being that cause them to think about you either more favorably or less favorably to pay more attention to you and give you more. Authority or not right. Where to put your enemies like if you're going to do a presentation and you know somebody's gonna um if somebody's gonna be your you're going to oppose you how can you engineer the environment. So they're sitting in the weakest position to influence and can combat you how to stand and where to stand in networking functioning events.

So that you get the most attention from the meeting host and they direct most more people to you how to present to audiences how to be successful yeah in fact there's a process uh. Lila called the interview. Crusher which is connected to the emotional bonding process we've had people get go into job interviews that they patently were not qualified for in fact they told they told the interviewer that they don't have the qualifications they went through the interview got to a certain. Pacific point where they deployed the interview.

Crusher and they were offered the job. Anyway right. One of the things you have to understand when you go to interview for a position your curriculum gets you the interview. But you're correct your your.

CV or your resume looks like 80 everybody else's it's not going to be about oh. Alex. I actually use this stuff. I actually was on.

Full. Ride scholarships through my entire undergraduate education because of this. I was the only work study with his own office um. I.

I could tell you all kinds of things that this technology did in my co in my undergrad years. I was hired by every. College. I ever worked for in the recruiting department because of these skills in addition to my work study in addition to being uh given the uh the the editor editor's position of the uh the the college newspaper and they paid me in scholarships to do it okay.

So again there's a lot of things that this again. I didn't create this stuff for you. I mean. I know that sounds weird.

I never intended back in the day to be sharing a lot of these tools and tactics with the general public. I did it because. I had things. I wanted in my life and these were the shortest distance between where.

I was and where. I wanted to be lo and behold when. I moved to. LA.

I find out that. So many people are frustrated and disempowered because they don't understand how a few simple things done in the right. Sequence can open the floodgates of everything that you want. So the killer influence mind control.

Manifesto takes everything. I've just talked about and it just. Builds on it right. It just.

Builds on it things get. So easy and. So fast you won't believe it you'll learn about the fourth pillars of irresistible hypnotic influence. Authority.

Affinity attractivity uh and acquiescence you'll learn about cold reading and speed profiling you'll learn about meta programs which are different filters that every human being has that you can hack and form your your presentations to just make them want to do things faster right. All again you don't need to lie you don't need to cheat you know you just steal you just need to ask the right. Questions and they'll give you the information. So you can deliver what they want in return for giving you what you want it's a win-win all the way okay.

We'll talk about dirty rotten tricks now these are little gray hat areas that sometimes these these more manipulative people might try to pull on you will show you how they work what buttons they're trying to push and teach you how to do them. So you can detect them if they're trying to be used on you okay. And that's just a tiny tiny piece of uh what we'll be talking about we'll also give you access to a special online community which we'll talk about. Later in the presentation that will allow you to uh take your skills and and work with people just like you who want to get better at this stuff okay.

Total value on this is two thousand four hundred ninety seven dollars. But as you can probably guess to quote. Ron. Popeil.

But wait there's more if you grab your course today. I want to give you the best deal humanly possible. So. I'm going to give you these also these give you these exclusive special bonuses that include my number one.

NLP influence training program in the world three years running this is defense against the dark arts the anti-manipulation hypnotic influence and behavioral profiling. Secrets this is a course that builds on the killer influence curriculum that we just talked about and takes it even further into the. Art and. Science of.

Behavioral profiling we're going to talk about the 21 different behavioral red flags that human beings are narcissists dark. Triads machiavellians human traffickers con artists any form of what we call character. Disturbed personality anti-social personality candidates will use to avoid taking responsibility for their actions we're going to show you the tactics they use to. Gaslight you and how to counter them we're going to teach you about.

Renegade reframing how to take any attack any um attempt at making you feel less than and turn it around. Full. Tilt. Boogie on the person trying to make you feel bad manipulates you in an unhealthy way we're going to teach you how to spot and detect.

Liars how to read faces. So you can look. At somebody and know with a high degree of um accuracy what kind of person you're dealing with we're going to teach you the flag system developed by uh a lady named. Wendy.

Patrick. Focus lifestyle. Association in groups that allows you to go and check and and profile and do background checks on the people that you're going to go out on a date with that you're gonna you're getting ready to job interview what to look. For what what red flags will come up we're going to teach you about hoovering not many of you have have encountered narcissists from time to time maybe you've even gotten into relationships with these people you may notice that if you ever manage to get out of that relationship they have all of these really sneaky ways to try and suck you back in we're going to teach you all of the different it's called hoovering we're going to teach you all this six or seven different hoovering tactics that these narcissistic misogynistic uh evil doers these abusers out there who want to take advantage of you we'll try to perpetrate on you to try and suck you back in to those relationships we're going to teach you all about how to reframe things we're going to teach you how to spot micro expressions and and to know when people are repressing emotions and things of that nature on top of all the the review of all the influence tactics and traits that go into the killer influence system this is a 1997 value we're going to give this to you 100 absolutely free because we want you to be ready we want you to have all the tools that you need to not only influence people to get everything you want ethically and honestly to stand up to the the the dark evil persuaders and manipulators of the world and have a willingness and have a willingness to deploy these things right.

Um combined value is 4 487 if you register before the end of the webinar the. Next thing we're going to show you is the. Renegade reframing system now think about this for a moment what if for every argument you got into for every limiting belief that you had or a client had for every objection a person had in a selling situation you had at least 14 different ways to transform and change that limiting belief into a yes. In seconds think about that and this is before you start combining them what if you could literally change any belief anyone had any argument anyone's making and turn it to your corner in 30 seconds or less would that be a useful skill to have yes.

Or yes. What if you could literally talk anyone you wanted into anything you wanted in a completely natural conversational way that's what. Renegade reframing is all about. Renegade reframing is about how to interact directly with a person's internal belief system and using 14 any one of 14 specific patterns either individually or in combination completely change their perspective their mindset the meaning that they put to any conversation or interaction the thing you need to understand is that narcissists and social manipulators are exceptionally good at doing this to you now they're a lot more malevolent and a lot more um aggressive um in their application of these skills.

But if you don't understand what they're doing it will get you right. Because one of the effects of when of deploying these patterns and. I don't know if narcissists read books on how to do this or. I'm using narcissists as a catch-all for just the evil of the world right.

But one of the things that happens is there's like 21 like. I said 21 different patterns that people use to just change the meaning of an interaction once you understand what that looks like what that sounds like you'll be able to detect it anytime and reverse and flip the script on them okay. This is a very very powerful system it's based on something an. NLP called sleight of mouth.

But we've made it a whole lot more fun and a whole lot easier to use it comes with a full manual complete three-day training on video it also comes with a card game we call the reframe game that you can play where you could literally sit around and and like someone shoots out a limiting belief they throw down a reframe card and you have to use that reframe card to change the belief and you can gamify the whole thing and we've found that when you turn this kind of training into a game you internalize it faster and the stuff discuss becomes more and more spontaneous you may have seen me do a little demonstration of this uh if you saw the um the video how to brainwash yourself into getting rid of negative emotions there was one segment where. I actually. I had one of the guys tell me one of his limiting beliefs and in in and he and he. I gave it to him and.

I reframed him he tried to reframe my reframe and there was this little battle that happened over the. Next two or three minutes and. Then he just gave up because he couldn't he couldn't continue battling the the reframes right. It's a very short segment.

But it's exactly what it looks like it's just boom it's just that quick this is going to give you the ability to just. Zing people anytime anywhere anytime you perceive an attack anytime you perceive an argument coming anytime you perceive somebody digging their heels in or trying to resist you you deploy these patterns and all of a sudden they'll find their own reasons for wanting to do the very thing that they weren't going to do five minutes ago okay. It's a we're going to give this to you absolutely free because we want you to have all the tools it's a six thousand four hundred eighty four dollar value um combined if you register before the end of the webinar right. Now what if you have the ability to just put an entire room full of people under your spell what if you could just easily and naturally start talking and all of a sudden people just go into trance and they have the most amazing experience and they're having all the insight and the uh the experiences you want them to have and at the end of that presentation they literally raised their hand rushed to the back of the room to take you up on your product or service to to work to find some way to work with you on a deeper level what would that mean to your personal life what would that mean to your business what would that mean to any volunteer groups that you run or um.

Charities that you work with promoting for. Venture capitalists think about this this is one of the most powerful courses that we teach um. But it's what we call. CPI level four.

Charisma and conversion it's all about how to take all of these skills that you've learned in the previous trainings and apply them in mass apply them to large and small groups of people. So that they become inspired and motivated to work with you and and to learn things from you and do things with you exactly the way you want it's and one of the things we actually do is we actually deconstruct uh the talks of high-level presenters and we show you all the hidden hypnosis and all the hidden. NLP all the things that that you know. Triple.

A level speakers like. Tony. Robbins and. T harvecker and.

Mark. Victor. Henson and um uh those kinds of people are actually uh. Joe dispenza another one are using.

But not teaching to get people inspired and wired to run to the back of the room right. And even though these all of these people they have trainers trainings where you're supposed to learn these skills they don't teach these skills in those trainings. I know because. I have students who went to those trainings and when.

I started unpacking these things they got pissed they got like super pissed because they they bought into the messaging that was being deployed on them hypnotically. But they were never taught what was done. I'm going to teach you exactly how it's done how to do it. So you can choose which parts to use and which parts to not use.

But more importantly. So that you can detect when these things are being used on you if you ever found yourself rushing to the back of the room to buy somebody's stuff you need this course right. You can't avoid influence. But you can manage it you can choose because of your extended enhanced awareness what to do when presented with these influential messages to ignore them to reframe them to allow them to to be allow yourself to be influenced and succumb to them without awareness my friends there is no.

Choice right. First thing you'll learn when you come to killer influence is anything outside of your awareness is outside of your control let me repeat that two more times because it's important anything that is outside of your conscious awareness is outside of your conscious control you have no. Choice my. First job is your teachers your guide is your guardian in this process is to teach you systematically how to become more aware.

So you can choose how you're going to respond now the the addendum to that particular rule of influence is this just because you're not aware of something doesn't mean it's not influencing you. So again if you're serious about protecting yourself you need to learn these skills right. I can't make it any plainer than that if you know you need the help if you know this will change your life this is where you need to be this is your. Next step okay.

Total combined value if you look. At everything is eight thousand four hundred and eighty one dollars when you register before the end of the webinar now let's just review this really quick you're going to get the secrets of human influence 17 video seven stage. Universal persuasion protocol this will allow you to hypnotize and. Influence.

People anytime anywhere under any situation or circumstance completely ethically and honestly with almost zero chance of being caught right. Is going to come with the killer influence mind control. Mastery manual it's a two thousand four hundred ninety seven dollar value you're going to get the killer influence defense against the dark arts anti-manipulation and behavioral profiling. Secrets home study course it's a 1997 value we're going to give you the.

Renegade reframing hypnotic self-defense and how to instantly overcome any objection or change any belief in seconds home study course it's a 1997 value we're going to give that to you absolutely free and. Then you're going to get the. Charisma conversion hypnotic presentation skills for presenters and public speakers it's a 1997 value once again you're going to get it free total combined value is eight thousand four hundred and eighty one dollars if you were to try to buy these things individually on our website which by the way you can't there are some of these products are only available in this webinar package. So if any of this was appealing to you you know what to do.

Next okay. Now today. I want to give you the best deal humanly possible. I know what times are like out there and by the way if you want to make more money even during this economy these are the skills you need because every.

Predator out there is going. Hog. Wild to try to get what few dollars you got left let's stop them in their tracks. I want to give you the best deal humanly possible.

So you're not going to have to pay 8 481 you're not going to pay six thousand four hundred eighty one dollars we're not even going to make you pay 53.47 although it's a deal at that right. We're not going to charge you 33.47 or even 23.47 you heard me right. Or not you can get it all today downloadable to your computer you can start training tonight for one low installment of just 9.97 if you need a little extra help you need a little extra time we can break that up for you into three easy installments of just 397 each guys it doesn't get much easier than this this is how it works if you if you're serious about protecting yourself this is where you got to go. So all you got to do is go to www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go that's www.killerinfluence.com forward slash g o one more time with feeling www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go and that is in go right.

Now click that link click that link click that link and get your course and. I'm going to explain to you why you want to do that right. Now. But.

First. I want to talk about something that we all worry about is this real is this really going to help me is this really gonna do everything. David is telling me it's going to do the answer is no. It's going to do more than that it's going to go beyond helping you it's going to change your life it's going to give you the tools and the keys to get everything that you truly want in an ethical and honest way you'll be able to look.

At yourself in the mirror you'll be able to help your children your family your friends anybody who you deem worthy of help you can help if you want to climb the corporate ladder it'll help you do that if you want to start your own business and put more people as clients it'll help you do that if you want to write persuasive sales copy and counter objections before they have a chance to start it'll do that if you want to destroy all of your limiting beliefs and move forward faster than you ever thought possible it'll do that. But. I understand that sometimes we're a little nervous we're a little trim we're a little timid for lack of a better word and that's why. I want you to grab this course and try it for 60 days if by the end of 60 days you're not on the fast track to making more money attracting more people closing more deals if you're not on the fast track to the financial freedom and feeling more secure and confident and.

Powerful that you truly want more people aren't saying it if you're not suddenly becoming more popular if you're not 100 satisfied in any way. I will refund every single. Cent that you've invested in this course because if it doesn't work for you. I don't want your money.

I don't want your tuition. I don't want your investment. I want people that. I can help you have absolutely nothing to risk here because if it doesn't deliver will refund your money and you can even keep the courses you've downloaded how's that right.

Try it for 60 days now don't be a douche and you know on day 59 even though it's working for you because we said we give you a 60-day refund you you pull a fast one on us we we're aware of that right. Don't be a douche right. But if for 60 days after you get this program and you need help and you call us and you email us and for some mysterious reason it's just not working we'll give you a full money back refund no. Question we'll ask questions.

But we'll still give you the refund right. That's my commitment to you because. I want you to be empowered you're no. Good to the world broke you're no.

Good to the world weak you're no. Good to the world at the mercy of the persuasion manipulators out there okay. You have no. Risk okay.

So all you got to do is click this link right. Now go to killerinfluence.com forward slash go click the link click the link click the link don't listen to that negative self-defeating voice in your head that's telling you all the reasons why you can't that's the part of you that wants to stay the same we want to stay the same fine you want something different you know what to do right. Click a link and go right. Let's talk about why.

I wanted you to stay till the end of the webinar hey because if what. I talked to you about wasn't exciting enough already if you grab your course if you raise your hand click that link and join us on the other side. I want to include some of the most powerful extra fast action bonuses you can imagine what if you could. TR what if for 90 days you could log in to a private practice group and zero and drill down on exactly the skills that you need all the sticking points that you might have in applying this material one-on-one with a group of people just like you with me working on this stuff and just.

Drilling and. Skilling we are going to give you a 90-day three-month trial membership to the. NLP power. Mastermind mentoring program this has been an ongoing training program that.

I have been doing since. October of 2010. Next month is literally our 13-year anniversary we've run this every single month since. October of 2010. and we videotaped every single training.

I literally log in or which we just we started our live trainings where people come in now and. I say what do you want to learn what do you want to learn what do you want to learn what do you want to learn and. I write all those things up on the board. I look.

Where all the. Connecting. Threads are where all those things that are overlap. I create a lesson plan for you and for the.

Next six hours we drill you on those skills and only those skills until you can do them in your sleep at the end of that you're going to go out into the world and you're going to apply those skills you're going to come back. Next month and. I'm going to do the exact same thing okay. What do you want to learn today what do you want to work on today what do you want to work on today what do you want to work on today what do you want to work on today and you know what's going to happen.

I'm going to create a lesson plan and we're going to drill and scale for five and a half six hours and you're going to go off into the world you're going to apply your new skill level and you're going to come back again every month until your trial is done or you decide that you want to extend your membership we'll teach you how to do that right. Now. I just mentioned that we videotaped every single possession of this. NLP.

Power. Practice. Group since. October of 2010. as a byproduct of this package you're not only going to get the three-month trial membership to the live.

Hands-On training they're also going to get full unfittered access to the entire 13-year archive we've got to update the. PowerPoint because it's more than 11 years 13 years of content that has never been seen on. YouTube never in part of a product you can binge watch it just like you binge watched our stuff on. YouTube for months and every month we're going to add more content okay.

Everything from hypnosis to conversational persuasion regression energetics remote influence accelerated learning memory enhancement. Law of. Attraction dating and attraction uh conflict resolution if it's in my wheelhouse lie detection body language face reading um if it's in my wheelhouse it's open to practice right. Again because these are member.

I will warn you at upfront because these are member driven sessions a lot of times there'll be a lot of overlap and content from one video to the. Next because a lot of people have the same con same questions. But there'll also be stuff. I've never taught anywhere else in that format right.

So you get to binge watch literally thousands of hours of video that nobody else will ever get a chance to see it's a 1597 value we're going to give this to you absolutely free if you're one of the. First people to click on that link before. I log off the webinar remember. I said the earlier package.

I described you have until 11 59 pm tonight to decide when you're going to get it. But these bonuses that. I'm talking about right. Now they go when.

I go when. I go away they go away when. I click off this webinar they go off this webinar. So if you want the opportunity to have me personally mentoring and guiding you and help and having people to work with on these skills which is the fast track to learning them you need to click that link right.

Now right. It's a ten thousand seventy eight dollar value uh. Alex is saying. So caught does not imply guilt or wrongness absolutely not for those of you who want to get started even faster.

I'm going to give you one of my. Flagship programs this is called the stealth instant conversational hypnosis crash course now stealth believe it or not even though it's a cool name stealth it actually is an acronym it actually stands for uh strategic suggestion through emotionally. Amplified linguistically transmitted hypnosis or linguistically transfer hypnosis it is one of the most powerful products. I've ever created and it's designed for people who want to download it tonight and hypnotize people tomorrow it's that fast it will cover the seven most powerful language patterns that exist hypnotic anchoring instant and.

Rapid inductions um um the three magic questions protocol that causes people to go from complete stranger to bordering on falling in love with you in as little as 20 minutes lie detection skills and a whole bunch of other stuff that we're not even going to talk about you'll have to discover that it comes with manuals it comes with transcripts it comes with downloadable. MP3 audio. So you can listen to this stuff while you're driving. I don't recommend it though because it's hypnotic right.

It's a nine it's a 997 dollar value we're going to give this to you absolutely free because we know time matters we know the faster you can get started the faster you're going to become successful and the more excited you're going to be that you downloaded this course okay. Believe me when. I tell you. I have understated everything at this course and these courses will do for you right.

And. Finally for those of you who've learned better one-on-one for those of you who like full immersion be one of the. Next 21 people to register and we're going to give you a free. VIP super ticket to our.

Next killer influence live secrets of covert hypnosis five-day covert hypnosis certification event remember killer influence for the. Last since 2020 has been named the number one. NLP training program in the world you're going to get a free seat right. Even if it's sold out we're gonna make a seat for you you can sit front row center right.

Next to. Seth right. Next to. Holly or.

Moss and learn the best system for influencing humans ethically and honestly and protecting yourself from manipulation imagine it's a five-day training. January 23rd through the 27th in uh here in. San. Diego five full days of.

Hands-On training how to control your emotional state. So no. One else can push your buttons ever again how to transfer those emotions into other people. So they become emotionally and biologically compelled to do what you want them to do how to um emanate and.

Charisma on command. So that people just feel your presence when you walk in and just flop to you like a moth to a flame how to make people like love and. Trust. You.

On. Demand anytime anywhere how to hypnotize people during normal conversations without sounding vague creepy or confusing how to read anyone instantly detect lies and. So much more in fact if you remember everything. I talked about in the secrets of human influence home study course and the defense against the dark arts course that's what you're going to be learning five days live in a room with me.

Drilling and. Skilling and embodying these skills. So that you can move through the world the way and get everything you want by helping other people get what they want now. Seth is actually correcting my math it's actually three thousand one hundred and fifty dollar value it's another typo this is why.

Seth keeps volunteering to check my. PowerPoints because. I always forget. But even if at 2250 it's still a huge bargain right.

It's thirteen thousand three hundred twenty five dollar value if you do the math right. Now the nice thing about this. VIP ticket is that it doesn't expire let's say for some reason you can't make the training you can't make the training in. January you just pick up the phone let.

Moss or. Holly know and we'll move you to the. Next killer influence training. So once you have this ticket it's yours until you use it if you want to if you've had killer influence and you want to gift that ticket to a family member or a friend or a.

A co-worker you can transfer that that skill or that that ticket to the person if we raise the price your price is guaranteed you get to come no. Matter how much we charge for this program right. If something comes up at the. Last minute you can't come we'll move you if your schedule frees up at the.

Last minute. But the training is sold out we'll make a seat just for you we'll actually make a space for you. So that you can attend because you are one of our. VIP ticket holders now.

I'm going to tell you something in a few short months probably sooner we're actually going to change our policy regarding. VIP tickets um it'll be like a one and done kind of a thing whereas if you you know a lot of people have figured out that they can hack our system by just buying these webinar packages and hoarding the. VIP tickets we're actually going to start creating or modifying our software. So if you've had a.

VIP ticket in the past um it's going to flag you and we'll know. But for right. Now you can still get these. VIP tickets now let's say you've had killer influence and you want to use that.

VIP ticket for something else if it's a a training of equal or lesser value we'll let you swap out that. VIP killer influence ticket for a different training if you want to come to. Renegade. Renegade reframing for example or face reading or identity by.

Design or vibrational influence provided you have the prerequisites you can you can swap out that. VIP ticket most people. I recommend you just take the killer influence because it's going to give you the most broad spectrum biggest bang for your buck out there okay. And it's going to lay the foundation for you.

So total value now these three these three bonuses that. I just talked about the the. NLP power. Mastermind mentoring program the um the uh the stealth instant conversation hypnosis crash course and this.

VIP live ticket they're available to you until. I log off the webinar if you call and talk to. Moss after. I log off you'll still get the basic package.

But you'll miss out on these fast action bonuses now why am. I doing this it's really simple the behavior that gets rewarded gets repeated the behavior that gets repeated gets reinforced okay. I want you to be an action taker and. I want to reward you for doing that.

I want to reward you for taking the initiative and choosing to level up your life now. I can't do. I'm really good at what. I do.

But. I can't multiply zeros if you're not in the room or if you're if you're not in the course. I can't help you right. Now take the stuff from tonight's webinar binge watch art of content on.

YouTube if you must before you choose to buy this right. Or just buy this. Then binge watching them when you have your courses see all the things. I'm actually doing in those videos that are being taught in the killer influence program right.

Thirteen thousand three hundred twenty five dollars worth of amazing stuff that will change your life okay. So let's just review this really quick secrets of human influence home study course 2497 value we're going to give that's that's the basic package we're going to include absolutely free the defense against the dark arts 1997 value free. Renegade reframing the art of conversational belief change overcome any objection. Master any argument in seconds one thousand nine hundred ninety seven dollar value we're going to give that to you free.

Charisma conversion 1997 value free stealth are the. NLP power. Mastermind mentoring program one thousand five hundred ninety seven dollar value we're going to give it to you free stealth instant conversation hypnosis crash course 997 value we're going to give that to you absolutely free as well killer influence. VIP super ticket for the five day hypnosis convert hypnosis certification boot camp the most.

Cutting. Edge highest ranked. NLP training and covert hypnosis training program in the world it's actually a three thousand one hundred fifty dollar value we're going to give that to you absolutely free total package value is thirteen thousand three hundred twenty five you can get yours for just 9.97 or if you need to break it up into three easy installments of 397 each all you got to do is click this link go to www.killerinfluence.com click the link and go www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go click the link click the link click the link. I can hear the phone ringing off the hook.

Downstairs as. Moss is. Fielding phone calls if you're calling. First thing to understand you will probably get the voicemail because the phone is ringing off the hook.

Right. Now right. Only 21 people get this. VIP ticket right.

If you have other. Financial concerns we might have some flexibility. But that's really up to. Moss right.

If he decides you deserve it he might help you out a little bit more. But pretty much this is what we're offering either you're either ready or you're not it's that simple. I don't really again. I'm not invested in whether you do this or not.

I just want you to make a choice that's what's something. I learned from my mentor. Lisa sasovich okay. But if you do call and you get the voicemail please please please please please please please leave all of your contact information your name your email your phone number if you call and you leave that information and we follow up with you tonight or tomorrow you will qualify for all of the bonuses all of the bonuses okay.

If you do not if you just call you get the voicemail and you hang up and. Then try to call back tomorrow you will not get the fast action bonuses let me be very clear you will not you will lose out you will miss out on the. VIP ticket you will miss out on the. NLP power.

Mastermind you will miss out on the stealth hypnosis uh instant conversation of nurses trash course. But you still get everything else. So it's still in a it's still a ton good deal right. Anyway.

I know a lot of you are calling. I know a lot of you have questions about the packages things of that nature. Brandon and. Holly and and.

Moss are in the chats there to help you to answer your question. Seth is there to help you what we're going to do right. Now is we're going to take a seven minute break when we come back from that break we are going to commence part three of our webinar we're going to start drilling down on the defense against the dark arts we're going to talk about victimology we're going to talk about reframing we're going to talk about exactly the applications and techniques that you most want to focus on for the rest of tonight's webinar this is where it becomes your webinar right. So let's take a seven minute break.

So you can finalize your questions get your packages answered do whatever you need to do at these in seven minutes we'll come back and. I will. I will pop back on and we will continue training sound like a plan click that link right. Now click it click click it let me know who's coming.

I'll see you in seven minutes remember folks we're going to be back in just a few minutes to do more training. So as you're you know after you finalize your packages after you click those links type in the chat for me what things you want to learn about for the. Next half hour 45 minutes an hour just type it in the chat and we will actually create that we'll do a little bit of masterminding we'll create that lesson plan right. On the spot and we'll teach you more and more really cool stuff that you could begin using right.

Away three you guys are running poor. Moss ragged on the phone. So while we're waiting. I'm back from my break.

So if you guys again. I'm here in the chats. I'm here uh you know by. Audio.

So if you guys have questions um by all means uh ask to. Ali's saying whenever. I have a lot of focus my neurons are spread all over the world at this time. I also absorb negative energies which is why.

I often make mistakes. I need a shield not bad energy comes miles away near me. Ollie. I'm not sure what you're really asking me here it sounds like you're asking for some kind of a psychic shielding to stop the energetic influences.

Jax is asking keeping a client moving forward now that they are open up very resistant okay. So resistance removal sort of okay. We actually do um. Holly we actually do teach uh some of that in the killer influence training there's this process.

We call we teach called sphere of influence which is a combination of the state control training and the advanced. Rapport training based on how the autonomic nervous system functions and one of the byproducts of that is that you can actually create a very resistant uh psycho-emotional state that tends to bounce negative energies away. So is this like the. Law of.

Attraction no. No. This is not this class this material is not. Law of.

Attraction material this is very much about applying and employing. Real. Techniques in the real world on real human beings um in real time right. Whereas.

Law of. Attraction has more of a delayed effect in many cases uh it's a little bit more woo-woo it still make it's still trackable. But what. I have found is that if you have the killer influence training system your.

Law of. Attraction skills tend to work better because you have better. State control training one of the reasons that um let me just jump out really quick one of the things that that um you may you may if you're new to. Planet.

David you may not know this. But one of the things that you will discover is that um killer influence the killer influence system is actually a prerequisite for eighty percent of all of our other trainings it's either going to be killer influence or identity by. Design and the reason for that is because of the emphasis on. State control training there's no.

Other trainer on the there's only one other guy that even comes close to what we do in terms of teaching you how to run your system and and he doesn't even it does it's not even on the same scale right. Um and one of the things you won't ever see on a public video. I show lots of stuff like. I people tell me all the time.

I give away better stuff for free than most people pay for and. I'm very proud of that because. I believe in uh money talks walks right. So if.

I teach you something uh how do we differentiate from the people just rehashing all. NLP and stuff like that. I got to show you this works. I got to give you something that you can take out into the world and test.

So. I give you the echo technique. I give you the emotional bonding checklist. I give you the resistance removal formula.

I give you these things. So you can prove. I give you pieces nuclear pieces of the system the entire system is pretty much nuclear that you can just take out and run with it right. Why because do you buy a car without test driving it do you do you you know do you just jump into bed with somebody because they want you to go to bed with them no.

You get to know them you you you figure out is this somebody who's credible is this somebody who is what they say they are or what is what they're offering delivering what they're promising and. So that's what we do that's what the whole channel is about it's about getting it's about you're coming here with problems you want to solve we'll give you the things to solve your problems realizing. But laying the foundation for other things. So killer influence is the state control training killer influence is one of those areas that is one of our proprietary processes um and there there are people out there who will tell you it is.

Jedi right. If you have that killer influence training. Ali's saying sort of control the reptilever and it goes. So much further than that.

Ollie. So much further than just the reptile brain remember you have three brains you have the paleocortex which is the oldest part of you right. Above that overlaying on that is what we call the limbic system or the mammalian brain it's about the intelligence level of a dog it's the deeply emotional part of you and over that is your neocortex your your rational thinking brain the part of you that thinks in words and facts and makes up stories for why things might be true and the thing is when if you want to be an influencer you've got to understand the. Dynamics of each of these three brains and how they how they what the pecking order of power and authority and scope of influences right.

And. I can't do that in a three-hour webinar. I mean if this is the scope of everything there is to learn. I've got time to give you this.

So my job is to take you as far as. I can in the time that we have and show you where to go for the. Next level and. I hope.

I've done that. I hope. I've given you guys some really powerful bite-sized nuggets that will you can just go out and and put to use right. I want to take that further though and that's what this part of the training is this is where we say okay.

These are the foundations this is how you get the full system now let's customize and. Come. Away with the things that are on your list the things you want to satisfy remember that list. I had you make let's move towards satisfying those needs if that's okay.

Is that okay. Can we do that raise your hands if you're with me right. For those of you hung out and stayed till the end. I want to.

I want to compliment you on your endurance right. Okay. So. Royce is asking wondering if.

IBD killer influence are interchangeable for the prerequisites for the more advanced courses in some cases they are. IBD is a great course if you're therapeutically oriented. But if you're not therapeutically oriented uh killer influence is usually the better fit even for things like vibrational influence um you can squeak by with. IBD.

But. I would much rather see most of you in um in the killer influence all right. So let me see these other questions here okay. Yeah long is saying okay.

That's. Holly answering that question okay. So type in the chat for me for the. Next hour or.

So what do you want to know about what do you want to be able to do what do you want to learn about talk to me this is where. I. I'm gonna. I'm just gonna reach into my bag of tricks like.

Felix the. Cat and. I'm gonna pull out some cool what do you want to know what do you want to learn about it would now be a good time to answer that question okay. Here um not seeing anybody posting anything all right.

Here we go bag of tricks need those okay. Uh. Terry says. I signed up and really looking forward to meeting you in.

San. Diego welcome aboard. Terry glad you're joining us okay. Join.

Terry join. John click that link and get in there. So. I can mentor you personally okay.

That's what. I want to do that's my jam how to protect from the dark arts okay. So you remember that stupid checklist that we made the things you mostly want need memorize it here's why. But predators are really good at doing is they're good at triggering emotional appeal they're very very good at what we call the five-phase psychology of.

Attraction process now this is a five this particular formula that they employ has five attributes to it okay. So write this down proactivity emotional appeal credibility identification affirmation let me do it again. I might not do it in the same exact order proactivity emotional appeal affirmation identification credibility one more time proactivity credibility um sorry emotional appeal affirmation affirmation yeah affirmation credibility and identification okay. So just.

So. I know you've got that type those five things in the chat. So. I know you've got it affirmation proactivity emotional appeal very good let me see if.

I have my [Music] okay. Now let's talk about proactivity. First and why this is important true predators true predators tend to be very natural very gifted profilers they have a knack for sizing people up for knowing what their emotional hot buttons are does this work on 66 year olds it works on anything with a pulse foreign if you go um if you go watch the um brainwash yourself into getting rid of negative emotions and overcoming procrastination video that. I.

I released on. Monday you'll see one of my colleagues. Richard. Rumble talking about how he used these exact same techniques to hypnotically program and communicate with his mother his wife's mother who was uh uh had a stroke and had.

I was unable to talk and was he was here she was able to get him to respond because it stimulated different parts of the brain and that's somebody who's had a stroke right. So what. I'm saying is if they have a pulse and a functioning nervous system and they can actually read your words or hear you these techniques will work now you do have to create and and you do have to maintain your own. State control that's one of the big deals if you can't control your state there's lots of highly paid well-funded agencies out there happy to control your state for you and it probably won't be to your advantage okay.

You either have to take responsibility for controlling your own mindset and becoming aware of these things. So you can choose how to respond or you can be a victim it's pretty much that right. So. Gail is saying productivity after no.

It's not productivity. Gail it's proactivity let me put that in the in the room. So p-r-o-a-t-i-v-i-t-y proactivity now let's talk about productivity once again these people are tremendously good profilers they know they can look. At you and in a few minutes know exactly how much money you make they know what your emotional triggers are they know what your emotional vulnerabilities are um and they're very very good at something called impression management impression management is the ability to take on an identity a background a social media profile that is most appealing emotionally to the.

Target manfredo says like pacing it's kind of like pacing manfredo. But it goes deeper than just it isn't it on a very for all intents and purposes it is. But we don't we don't like to use that word pacing um in in the in the systems that we teach and one of the reasons for that is is that nobody understands what the that means unless you study. NLP right.

And most of the people that. I train and that. I work with they may know about. NLP.

But most of them haven't studied it. But it does go to this fact that what a person these predators are doing is they're creating if you've ever heard anything about tradecraft or 10 race cars they create a legend they create a persona that is most emotionally appealing to the type of person they want to take advantage of all right. This is something that this is one of the reasons why the defense against the dark arts has. So much profiling training in it is because you need to profile the profilers right.

Profilers come in basically two two flavors they're either law enforcement or criminals. But you as a an average human being going about your world need to be an expert in how to size people up yes. Terry says a well-constructed facade to entice the. Target to buy into that's exactly right.

Now once they've gotten that buy-in they're going to trigger certain things they're going to trigger affirmation what does that mean this person is going to befriend you this person is going to work their way into your life and they're going to acknowledge affirm and validate every single thing you believe if you're having an argument with your parents they're going to take your side if you have a problem at work they're going to tell you what an their boss is they're going to affirm that you're right. Okay. They're going to affirm that in every way possible okay. That's a form of validation built into that legend that.

Persona that they're creating they're going to build things that amplify their. Authority and credibility right. They may carry a badge right. They may wear a.

Minister's call they may have a the term a title in front like. Professor or doctor or um. Reverend right. Things that create tremendous.

Authority right. Um. Alex says that is really creepy yes. Yes.

It's very creepy that's why they're bad guys right. This is one of the reasons that we have to be a little bit more playful when we teach these things because they're downers. But. I'm going to tell you right.

Now that if you these people have no. Compunction as far as you're concerned you're one of three things you're either you're either a sheepdog a sheep or wolf right. I would much rather you be a sheepdog than than a sheep right. Right.

This is how it works now this five face now for for this to be truly effective all five elements have to be there. So. First thing is proactivity we need to have the ability as as. Protectors of influence influence the influence of.

Guardians. The. Sheepdogs. So to speak we need the ability to be proactive as well we need to have the ability to profile the profilers to figure out how to separate the bad guys or bad girls from the good guys and good girls or if you're non-binary the bad days from the good days right.

So that's one of the. First skills that we have to have we and to do that we need passive profiling skills and we need active profiling skills passive profiling skills are things that give us indirect insight into their personality temperament. So like our face reading programs for example face reading for fun profit level one two and three are all about looking at somebody's face extracting um core personality traits and temperament we can't tell character from face reading generally although we can extrapolate certain um tendencies right. We can't necessarily spot a narcissist or a sociopath directly from face reading.

But what we can do is well actually that's not necessarily true in the in the advanced. Shen reading portions of this which is a little bit on the woo side where you get to read the energy coming out of people's eyes. And things like that there is this phenomenon known as cold. Shen which is it's a very bright.

But cold energy that sociopaths and a lot of high-level. Predators uh tend to radiate most people's. Spirit or energy that emanates from them when it's healthy it's it can be bright. But it also has a warm feeling to it whereas sociopaths have a little bit of a colder energy.

So if you get around people and they're very bright. But there's no. There's an almost like an emptiness there for me as a face feeder for someone who's very in tune with energies that's something that will raise a red flag for me. I don't expect you guys to have that level of um awareness yet.

But one of the things that we do is we look. At their face and know that certain characteristics will lend themselves more predominantly towards narcissistic or anti-social behaviors okay. Um. But there's also things that we look.

At like active profiling. So passive profiling is like if you how many people here know what micro expressions are type in the chat if you don't micro. Expressions okay. So when we talk about passive profiling versus active profiling what we're talking about is face reading from the.

Chinese medical perspective and. Then active profiling our mic is micro expression training. So in the version of defense against the dark arts uh that you're getting here there's actually drills micro expression drill trainings that we use with a die roll like we have people write down things they would tell anybody things that would only tell people they know um and. Then we have them roll dice and.

Then you have to read it and. Then you you start to calibrate their micro. Expressions that's what we call. Active profiling this is the ability to read people's emotional suppression habits during active conversation it's a very powerful skill.

But it takes a little bit of work okay. So these are some of the things that you'll get in the live trainings as well as um in the in the course. But these are some things that we want to start to look. At is what is their.

Baseline right. When we're working like with lie detection for example we need to be able to calibrate when what people are normally like and when they're deviating from that. Norm the more we can chat we can measure deviation from the. Baseline the more we can tell if somebody's being truthful or is a higher level of being truthful versus versus not being truthful okay.

So again profiling and the proactivity segment of this is really critical for you guys okay. You've got to learn how to read body language you've got to learn how to read the vocal tells that people give you you've got to learn how to become sensitized to um the the speech patterns that like. I said before they're like 21 different reframe patterns or or responsibility avoidance tactics that narcissistic sociopathic dark. Triad machiavellians.

Psychopaths they all use right. And if you understand what those are and you hear them um and little. Flags can go off. However there's another level of profiling that most of you will not use even though it would save you a metric ton of grief and agony and that system is known as.

Flags. Focus. Lifestyles associations groups okay. It's a it's it's based on the work of.

Dr. Wendy. Patrick who wrote the book. Called red flags and it's all about going to their social media going to their.

YouTube channels going to every place where their information about them is readily available and analyzing their focus both in person and online analyzing their lifestyle what kind of. Lifestyle are they leading right. What are the red flags that you look. For there what associations are they involved with right.

In other words what you know what groups do they belong to what groups do they hang out in right. This is a very very powerful very very simple way to create a profile about a person many times before you you meet them okay. So these are things that you can do now. I want to help you with that a little bit right.

So remember. I said that predators are most of them are natural profilers you guys remember. I said that yes. Or yes.

Okay. What are they looking for in other words okay. These people are really good at spotting a menu how do. I take myself off of it would it be useful to know what these people are looking for.

So you can kind of fix it. Gail says yes. And they're good yeah okay. So here's what.

I'm gonna do if it's okay. I'm gonna just review the package we've got for you and. Then. I'm going to go back and.

I want to talk about victimology. I want to talk about what do profiler or what do these negative or malevolent profilers look. For when they're selecting targets right. And we're gonna we're gonna put body language off to the side for now because a lot of people talk about the body language of victimization.

But there's other socioeconomic and cultural factors that these and this goes down this includes human traffickers con artists child molesters you name it these are things they're all doing. I know this is negative. I know it's dark. I get that.

But you wanted to know this right. Okay. This is. I.

I have my. I. I have to. I have to teach you both sides or.

I'm not doing my job. So let's look. At victimology let's talk about how to take yourself off the menu okay. We're talking about is.

Target selection how do these people how do these predators actually select you. So what are they looking for well these people are going to have no. Compunction about going through your ship. So if you are if you're have.

SS and ssris serotonin should um reuptake. Inhibitors um this is something that will flag you this is something that can make you much more vulnerable to external influence if you've had a recent death in the family if there's a history of mental illness recent divorce or end of a relationship if you've had any recent financial problems or recent loss of credit these can actually weaken your sense of identity weaken your sense of self and make you much more vulnerable to certain types of influential approaches con artists specifically are looking for uh these grifters are looking for these why because your your self-confidence your self-esteem your identity have taken an extreme hit and. So any any kind of validation affirmation and validation will cause you to cleave to the source of that validation okay. When you meet people and they want to accelerate the.

Friendship process and they're telling you all these amazing things and and validating your position and supporting you guess they may be good friends. But you know you start to start you have to start asking yourself different sets of questions what's behind this. Behavior what could they be getting out of it right. Um nobody let me just jump out of this because.

I really need to talk about this one of the re one of the reasons that this is. So hard to teach isn't because of what to look. For what makes it hard to teach is the fact that when people are using these strategies on you you don't want to use them okay. How many people here have by a show of hands in the chat how many people here have ever watched any of my lie detection videos anybody okay.

So one of the things you'll hear me talk about um in the. LIE detection videos is that people don't always believe lies people a lot of times people will allow a lie even when they know they're being lied to why because the pain of confronting the truth is actually worse than letting the. LIE stand right. So one of the things that if you if you read books like spy the lie or get the truth these are really great books by.

Susan carnicero and her. Associates one of the things they'll talk about is deception. Square in other words when you decide you want to look. For deception you have to focus only on the deception and.

Allure everything that's true why because you have inherent inside of you something called a truth bias you have this inherent need because of your socialization to give people the benefit of the doubt understand that all they have to do many times to trigger that is as um serotonic reuptake. Inhibitors. Rachel it's a form of uh it's a. I think it's either an antidepressant.

I can't remember off the top of my head um. But uh yeah strategic serotonin reuptake. Inhibitors right. Are selective.

I'm sorry selective okay. Um when somebody is applying this five-phase formula. I have to remember something if they're doing it well they're triggering inside of you all the feelings you've always wanted they're getting they're creating an imbalanced power dynamic where you have all of these good feelings you have all this validation you have um this support system that is separate from everything else in your environment and because you're getting all of those emotional needs met from this one person the concept the idea the thought much less the act of doing anything that threatens it hurts it hurts you're terrified well my. God what if what if this person isn't who they make themselves out to be remember.

I talked about we're going to talk a lot about emotions it's your emotions that make you stupid if you don't control them if you don't understand how that works smart people do stupid all the time because of the emotions now lest you think well. I'll just get rid of my emotions and everything will be good no. It doesn't work that way all decision making is based on emotion. But when the emotions are overwhelming and control you you lose your ability to evaluate and make rational decisions and.

So these people are exceptionally good at targeting people who are high on the neuro neuroticism quality you can divide people you can divide predators and pray into two basic groups you have character. Disturbed and neurotics now everyone is neurotic to a certain degree because that's how you're socialized. But highly neurotic people have a hyper developed sense of self and guilt and shame they become the ones most easily manipulated by the character. Disturbed by.

The. Narcissist the sociopaths the dark. Triads the machiavellians and. So one of the way and.

So a lot of these people are on antidepressants they're on. Prozac they're on all these other medications to balance their moods okay. So you need to understand this is one of the reasons why. State control is such a superpower in our world if you don't have these skills these people will push your buttons right.

And you you'll lose your ability to make good decisions to make to evaluate people. But the other thing. I'm you know circling back people won't use these skills not because they don't know them not because they don't work. But because people are afraid they will work and they'll find out something that they don't want to know the most powerful eyes.

Are the ones we tell ourselves and in. Dr. Patrick's book. Red flags she talks about how people themselves into classifying negative behavioral traits as something positive someone who's controlling they'll reframe is being protected someone who is um domineering they'll frame is being very um sophisticated and and knows what they want because you get these blinders on that the emotion creates and you see negative behaviors in a positive light that's especially true in the beginning stages of a relationship when your body is at the mercy of all of these different chemicals okay.

Is this useful is this helping you guys at all okay. So let's let's go back to our list. But before. I do let me just remind you that you know the clock is running um on our on our offer.

So let me just do this really quick if you haven't clicked that link yet one would now be a good time to do that remember we're offering you the secrets of human influence home study course it's a 2497 value you're also going to get again the defense against the dark arts training it's a 1997 value we're going to give that to you free because we want you to be ready we're going to give you the. Renegade reframing conversational belief change and and uh overcome injection home study course it's a 1997 value we're going to give that to you free you're going to get the. Charisma conversion hypnotic persuasion skills for presenters and public speakers home study course 1997 value we're going to give that to you absolutely free we're going to give you the three-month trial membership to the. NLP power.

Mastermind mentoring. Practice. Group along with the video archive 13 years of stuff 1597 value we're going to give that to you free you're going to get stealth instant conversation hypnosis crash course download it tonight hypnotize people tomorrow 9.97 free we're going to give you that free. VIP ticket to our.

Next live killer influence five-day covert hypnosis certification boot camp it's a three thousand one hundred and fifty dollar value we're going to give this to you free total package value was 13 325 you can get it all for one low installment of just 997 or if you need to we can break that into three easy installments of 397 each all you got to do is click this link click this link click this link www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go it's www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go let's jump back into um our victimology okay. Let me make this a little bit smaller. So it's easier to see okay. So um these people if you have a history of seeking help on.

Suez from suicide hotlines history of uh very few close friends if you're a loner for example or someone who's very very high on the introversion scale these are people that are going to get targeted these are it's especially true um for cult for people trying to recruit into. Cults and things of that nature they're going to look. For. The.

Outsiders if you have a desire for notoriety in other words you all know these people who just do crazy because it gets them attention this is something that can radically this is again they'll see this a lot in people who are um targeted by cults you see this one a lot people have a strong desire for self-expression. But are are feel stymied uh in their in their current life or in the culture that they grew up in these people are prime candidates for this kind of um exploitation history of abuse sexual or physical this is a big one this is actually something that we can see in face reading um there are certain traits around the mouth that can flag someone who has very very flimsy boundaries as well as people who are more prone to violate boundaries now that doesn't necessarily make them a bad person doesn't necessarily make them a sex abuser or a child molest or anything like that. But it is someone who may perceive boundaries a little bit more fluidly than we would like okay. Uh heightened disconnection from friends and family at work or school.

So if you've checked any of these boxes right. Um these are things that you need to fix okay. You need to find positive social groups that will support you now here's where it gets even more challenging the people who are these proactive. Predators what they're going to do is they're gonna put themselves in your path.

So. I'll give you an example from. Dr. Patrick's book.

One of the things that is that you'll very often see happen in cases of human trafficking is the trafficker themselves will come off as someone who is very cool very classy has lots of money and they'll. Target young girls in high school right. But they won't make the approach directly what they'll actually do is they'll have a female accomplice who's about the same age who dresses very upper you know very similar to the person being targeted and they will they will survey and watch these people for days following their movement patterns following their behaviors and. Then at some point when they feel they've got enough information in a profile about this person that girl like say the girl's walking home from school she goes into a convenience store right.

She'll walk into the the target walks into the convenience store this girl walks in shortly after her watches what she buys goes up to her and buys the same thing and as they're standing side by side in the checkout she'll say she'll break the ice like oh great minds think alike right. Now here's the thing you need to understand remember. I said that there's five phases to this right. You have proactivity credibility affirmation identification and um what's the one what's the one.

I'm missing pop quiz credibility uh. I'm sorry productivity affirmation credibility uh identification emotion emotional appeal thank you. So this girl walks in and she may have a few things on that are very similar to what the girl's wearing. But she'll go in and she will buy exactly what the girl is buying and be checking out.

Next to her and she will get in the conversation now this is important anytime you see somebody that has something like you you start to the barriers between self and others start to diminish they start to drop okay. Alexander. Penllyn in his study on honest signals has demonstrated over and over and over again that if all you did was mimic a person's body language while you're doing an interview your chances of getting a pay increase or getting hired go up by as much as 33 percent right. And this was this was done through surveys and and tests done with the sound off this is all non-verbal if you're let's say you're you're uh you get on you're leaving the mall and you're taking public transportation get on the bus you get on the bus and and you just bought this really cool watch or this beautiful pair of shoes that you're wearing you get on the bus and you see further down the alt the hallway or the aisle someone who has the exact same handbag or shoes or watch that you just bought the chances of you going over to them or sitting close to them and even starting a conversation go up astronomically the echo technique what is the echo technique guys the echo technique is taking what comes out of a person's mouth and mind and giving it back to them which does what validation sameness credibility affirmation.

But we do it in an ethical way you see the pattern no. Matter how liberal or how independent minded you think you are you're all biased every single human on the planet is biased they're moving through the world looking for themselves and the more boxes a person can check off that says you're just like them the more comfortable they feel around you the barriers to intimacy drop they open up and become hyper suggestible and you cleave you hold on you don't want to let go okay. Predators take this to an extreme degree because everything about them is contrived we're going through the world being authentic versions of ourself these people have a much different agenda okay. But you need to understand that one of the things that they're going to do is they're going to try and accelerate and compress that that bonding process they're going to try to move you through the stages of friendship faster okay.

They're going to be friend they're going to affirm they're gonna they're gonna identify and you're gonna think you found your new soul mate when in reality they're sizing you up they've been sizing you up for weeks and months many times now the suck part is is that if you go to people for help like oh. I don't know support groups guess where these people tend to hang out sometimes how many people here have seen. Fight. Club anybody okay.

What was this guy's modus operandi what did he do. First rule of. Fight. Club yeah right.

He hung out of support groups right. He'd be surprised how many sex addicts hang out at support groups to get laid pickup artists do this she took. Bob yeah right. My point is is that most of us wouldn't even that wouldn't even be on our radar to do like that right.

But the line for these these. Predators is very very different okay. I highly recommend you get. Dr.

Patrick's book. Red flags it's a very easy read um we go much deeper than the book. Can because we're going to train you to be someone who can actually turn the tables on these people. But the fastest way to turn the tables on these people is get off the menu you guys know how long it takes for you to become friends with somebody on average beware of anybody who tries to compress that process that should be hey if they're checking all your boxes maybe they're legit maybe they're not the very fact that you feel.

So good about them. So quickly should tell you. First and foremost slow your roll step back control your emotions and do your due diligence check them out now. I know very very well most of you won't do it you won't do it you know why because you don't want to know do you want to roll the dice.

But if you want to protect yourself you have to understand that not everybody is like you in fact the ones you got to worry about are the ones who aren't right. Unless you're a predator which you guys are the good. Jedi. So.

I train you right. So this five-phase proactivity formula be wary of people who check those boxes now these people could also be very very powerful very very positive mentors in your life. But they still have an unprecedented level of influence over you right. But one of the things.

I want you to be very very clear and this is why you gotta have. Rock. Solid. State.

Control when. I teach like attraction skills you know a lot of you know this a lot of you don't in 2005. I wasn't one of the top attraction experts in the world by the art of approaching and seductionair.com websites and and blogs right. Because.

I knew very very powerfully how to create deep love and connection and sexual fulfillment in my partners and. I was teaching couples how to do this right. Um one of the things you got to understand is people don't want to know the truth. If it threatens their happiness right.

It's it's one of those you know. I. I've. I've studied on both sides of this continuum and.

So. I'm trying to prepare you. I want you to be powerful. I want you to be able to use influence in a way that's in a in harmony with who you want to be.

But at the same time. I don't want you to be the. Next. Darth.

Vader either right. And that's one of the reasons why we always recommend you take identity by. Design with killer influence. So you fix all those little idiosyncrasies that may cause you to go dark side.

But if someone comes at you with negative and ten you need to be able to fight you know one of my mentor. John. La. Tourette used to say and.

I consider him one of my mentors even though. I've only met him a couple of times in person before he passed he would say if you move through the world looking like a bologna sandwich don't be surprised if someone tries to take a bite out of you now sometimes the the thing doing the biting looks like a shark sometimes it looks like a sheep uh. Liam says. I have defense against the dark arts and how to catch a liar help me get rid of the people in my life that were leeches and dark.

Triads scary. But also amazingly informative and life-changing well worth it thank you. Liam thank you for that right. That's all.

I want. I want you to you're no. Good to the world broke hurt disempowered taken advantage of and you know what you know what. I discovered after 17 000 hours of therapy people who are hurting tend to hurt other people.

So let's get off the menu. So has this been helpful. So far is this useful. So much to learn yeah.

But one of the things before we even before you drill down into technique you gotta understand the mindset right. When. I teach attraction we have this process called three magic questions and. I.

I flirted with it a little bit at the beginning of the webinar what. I said with this about this process was it's a three-step conversational framework that will take you from complete stranger to deep connection bordering on love in as little as 20 minutes now that 20 minute window is based on a couple of things a it's based on your ability to. Echo their words effectively and to pay attention to their cues to pay attention to their non-verbals. But it's also based on your ability and willingness to test every single thing that comes out of their mouth okay.

And one of the things that people who learn the three magic questions protocol often run into is that attraction and connection is a two-way street. So when you're doing three magic questions as you step through location occasion um career passions and. Pleasures to early positive childhood experiences you are going to generate. So much power.

So much connection. So much attraction. But at the same time the person you're doing this with is going to continually tell you more and more and more about themselves and the longer they talk the better you look. Now that's great.

But here's the problem the attraction that they're create they're feeling you're gonna feel it too and. So what what can happen is if you don't have. Rock. Solid.

State. Control if you don't know how to manage those fluctuating levels of connection and attraction you will start missing. Flags you will start giving people the benefit of the doubt who have no. Business getting the benefit of the doubts you will move the hell no.

People into the maybe maybe category and you'll be you'll be living with that for weeks months years because you became a victim of the very attraction you were seeking to generate. So one of the things you need to understand about three magic questions protocol is. ABT always be testing you always have to be testing the validity and the the identity of the person in front of you until you've reached a level of confidence in that person and in that relationship that you believe testing isn't as necessary. But because of the feelings that your neurology is going to generate you will also have a tendency you'll avoid this as a suggestion you may also have a tendency to let things go you shouldn't be letting go.

So one of the cool things that that helps you with three magic questions is the deeper both of you get into the process the harder it becomes for the person to lie. So here's the thing they will start to tell you some of the most heinous things about themselves with a smile on their face and if you're not in that always be testing mode that deception decipherment mode you'll give people passes that you shouldn't be okay. So again the state control aspect of this is where we have to start because if you can't control your state your senses will lie to you your senses will lie to you okay. So proactivity emotional appeal credibility affirmation identification okay.

These are the five phases that these types and. I'm talking. Predators from just your your classic narcissist all the way up to the most heinous offenders of. Human.

Rights out there right. Liam says truer words have never been said. ABT always be testing 3mq points out everything if you just pay attention yes. Yes.

And that's why it's one of the very. First things that you learn um in the killer influence programs um and even in some every now and. Then. I whip it out in the.

CPI programs. But killer influence and defense against the dark arts especially now. I originally. I originally developed my version of three magic questions as an attraction device we discovered the more as as other types of customers got a hold of this technology that it would create profound.

Connections in any context and. So much. So. I've literally seen like a bunch of my clients or personal injury attorneys and they started using this thing with um.

Witnesses for deposition and when in jury selection. So. I literally saw a video where the the expert witness for the defense was volunteering to waive their attorney-client privilege to answer my students questions even though it would have damaged the defense's case. I didn't believe it when.

I. First heard it and. Then he showed me the video. I was like holy.

Batman this is powerful right. So 3mq needs to be one of your. Echo technique three magic questions emotional bonding checklist that's the three things. I talked about and focused on in the.

First part of the webinar these are the things and. State. Control these are the things that form the foundation of your ability to deploy counter manipulation techniques um our killer influence is. Arab three magic questions is in the original home study course the killer influence program uh secrets of human influence it's also in defense against the dark arts um.

I may have touched on it and. Renegade reframing. But it's absolutely in killer influence and defense against the. Dark.

Art. So you'll get it twice it really is important um. But it's an extension of the echo technique right. And again it'll create very profound.

Connections in people that they will not want to jeopardize. But you have to have strong. State. Control to do it okay.

What other questions do you have this is your time tell me what you got anybody. Bueller. Bueller. Bueller all right.

Well. Then let's do this uh let's review our our little um offer sheet one more time and. Then. I'm going to teach you the resistance removal protocol um.

So the secrets of human influence home study course right. Has the three magic questions protocol in it the resistance protocol we're going to go through much more in depth it has deeper levels of the emotional bonding checklist the most powerful uh conversational language patterns that exist and a whole lot more it's a 2 497 dollar program you're also going to get absolutely free the defense against the dark arts 1997 value absolutely free you're going to get the. Renegade reframing 1997 value uh absolutely free you're getting a. Charisma conversion 1997 value absolutely free you get three month trial membership plus the 13-year video archive uh 1597 value we're going to give that to you free you're going to get the stealth instant conversation hypnosis crash course at 997 value we're going to give you that free and of course if you're one of the.

First 21 people to register for this program before. I log off tonight's webinar you're going to get a copy of the uh a free. VIP ticket to the killer influence uh convert hypnosis training live here in. San.

Diego. January 23rd to the 27th uh total package value is 13 325 you can get it all for one low installment of just 9.97 guys do the math it's never been easier it's never been simpler and you get me right. Click that link right. Now if you need to you can break that up into three easy installments at just 397 let.

Holly or. Brandon or. Moss know that you want to talk and we'll make sure that you get taken care of in the most powerful way possible just click the link right. Now before before we go any further just click it click it click it and uh we'll go from there.

I see five or six questions in the chat. So let me go ahead and see what's in here uh. Tammy's asking do you guys have a way to pay through. PayPal credit um.

I think. Ma check in with moss and he'll let you know emails have to be activated manly. So give us some time to set it up is what. Holly is saying uh let's see what else is here um chat all right.

I don't see oh wait. I see it there's one just one question here let me see what it is oh that's that's. Moss all right. So let's talk about resistance removal what if there was a way actually let's do this you guys want to you want you guys want to play with um conversational belief change you guys want to learn something about that okay.

So here's what. I want you to do um the pattern. I'm going to teach you is one of my. I'm gonna we're gonna work with two of them really quickly right.

These are two of my favorite and again there's a full training on. Renegade reframing. So uh here's what. I want you to do.

I want you to go ahead and type into the chat either a limiting belief that you have or an objection that you often encounter okay. So. Manford says. I have a hard time coding for extended periods of time well man for me maybe it's not that you're having a hard time coding for extended periods of time.

But maybe it's the way you're going about coding that's causing you to not. Last for that extended period of time would that be possible boom say. I guess see what happens like well yeah. I guess right.

So if thinking about it like that. So if it were possible for you to find a different way to code that would allow you to extend the code for extended periods of time that'd be something worth exploring would it not. So. Kathy it's not that you don't have enough money it's just you really haven't seen why this is.

So important for you to take that to take that action and justify the expense right. And thinking about it like that what might you have to consider for it to be worthwhile for you right. Um. Liam.

I have a hard time wanting to make more money because. I've always been taught money is the root of all evil. So it's not that money is the root of all evil it's just the teachings that you've had have led you to act in a way that you treat money as the root of all evil. But it's not the money that's evil and it's not money that is the root of all it's the teachings you had itself that are the root of all evil and thinking about it like that which is more important to you embracing the belief that keeps you stuck or trying a new one where money is actually something that allows you to beat and and destroy evil would that be possible how might you change the feeling connected to money it's really simple point to where you feel it frame it well it's not that again where does the money come from that's real.

I don't know your situation. I don't know your finances. I don't know what your priorities are right. But you do right.

And it's really about it's not really about where's the money going to come from is what haven't. I what possibilities haven't. I tried yet for that right. Because if you want to if you wanna you know if you don't if it's not an if it's not valuable enough to you.

Then don't spend the money. But if you know there's value here there's always what. I've discovered in my years of of working with this stuff it's almost never a lack of money it's a lack of creativity and a willingness to go get it right. And it's always because there's some other question we haven't answered in ourselves yet that allows us to give give ourselves permission to go for it anybody else have uh.

Ali's saying hold on a sec you guys are starting to you guys are starting to. Pepper me here. So. Liam says.

I knew that would be your answer in fact. I did just that and got a raise at work. I am. So happy you are genuine and consistent with your advice thank you.

Liam thank you um. Ali. Hassan is asking how can we use more parts of our. DNA.

I mean 78 or 80 of. DNA mankind don't mute well okay. That's really not the purview of tonight's webinar. But.

I will tell you that advanced energetic practices um. Advanced hypnotic programming can allow you to tap into that other 80 of your. DNA that's as far as. I'm going to go um.

Jack says. I believe that my mother's influence is affecting me in my old age okay. Well thinking about it like that what's more important holding on to the limiting beliefs from your mother or just adopting new beliefs because you know where they're coming from we got four more messages here hold on okay. Then how do you find the okay.

That's not a limiting belief right. Remember the drill here is to give a living belief or an objection by the way for those of you who are asking these questions and. I'm deploying this on you what's happening when. I respond what happens inside your mind foreign adopting new beliefs absolutely absolutely adopting new beliefs.

Jax and thinking about it like that how quickly can you start to embrace these. Technologies to eliminate the old beliefs and install new ones you can see. A. New.

Path right. Right. And it's not that you're actually seeing. A.

New. Path it's actually just that you're acknowledging a path that was already always there. But you were too busy focusing on what you on looking at the past keeps happening well yeah you know what it's that's not just that keeps happening to you because happens to everybody it's the fact of the way you're looking and processing the that keeps happening to you that's determining the meaning you're assigning to it and the behaviors that arise from it. So thinking about it like that how how important would it be to actually choose to look.

At the that happens from a different perspective. So that you could have a better response or a better set of choices okay. So um. So how can.

I okay. That's again not only not a limiting belief. So much as a process we need to run uh let's see. William says.

So powerful yet. So easy to reframe of beliefs is crazy thinking about your reframe made me want to do do the thing and change what. I'm doing yes. And that's the power of these patterns it what it does is it doesn't make your belief wrong it changes the perspective from which you're viewing the world and the moment you change the direction or angle you're viewing things from the more you see opportunities that were hidden from the other angle it's literally it's like you're viewing it from here and all of a sudden you're seeing it from here and the view is very different right.

It's kind of like how many people here saw. Dead. Poet. Society with.

Robin. Williams anybody you guys remember when you had everybody stand up on the table and the world changed why did it change it's the same room same death same chairs same people different perspective that's what these patterns do they force a perspective shift many times in a in a gentle way you can also bludgeon people with this there's actually ways to do this combatively where you just fry their brain and install any kind of suggestion you want now. I don't. Advocate that.

But you can't do that racism and that makes sense offer link change the angle of your yeah okay. If you haven't seen dead. Dead. Poet.

Society go see it for that scene. Oh. Captain. My.

Captain there you go all right. So all. I used in these in all of these these situations. I only use two of the reframing patterns.

I use what we call um oh god um. I'll redefine it's not. X it's y and. I use what we call hierarchy of criteria which is the pattern most similar to the emotional bonding checklist and the emotional motivation checklist and that one is supremely powerful right.

And again the best part about this is you could literally do a brain dump of all your limiting beliefs and as you read the belief apply these two patterns to those beliefs and your beliefs would change in such a way that you couldn't go back that's how. I've done this. Second pattern was called hierarchy of criteria and the way you start that remember the the value the um the emotional bonding checklist question was what's important about the reframe pattern is is which is more important. X or.

Y right. You know which is more important holding on to your limiting beliefs about money in. Latin lack of creativity that goes with it or embracing a new paradigm. So you can be and do and have something different which is more important okay.

Again that's just two and. I'm just playing. So. Liam says.

So you could combine this with bucket listing informations for more change yes. Somebody's thinking that's good all right. That's about makes sense right. Think about what you can do with this there is no.

Objection that somebody can can confront you with that you can't beat okay. There's no. Limiting belief that a person or you can give yourself that you can't be and you had how fast was it how fast was it instant right. Okay.

Now here's the thing you need to understand narcissists and predators extremely good at doing this to you. But they'll do it in a way that damages your self-esteem they'll do it in a way that makes you feel bad about yourself and in that process of making you feel bad about yourself you become more malleable you become more manipulatable the only way to beat it is to know how to do it okay. All right. That being said oh yes.

They will tear up everything you thought about yourself and keep going that's actually one of their primary um their primary modus operandize one of the things you need to understand about the emotional bonding checklist is that a human being can't go against that checklist a human being cannot go against their deeply held emotional values without experiencing tremendous pain when a social. Predator will do everything from the wife of the the domestic abuser to the child molester to the con artists what they will do is systematically break down your sense of identity until your values are based on the approval of what the other person wants they will peck away and destroy your your rules and values until there's your sense of self is. So degraded that the only validation you get is there is letting them do whatever they want to you you live for their validation okay. Again.

I put a lot of thought into this. I've watched and. I've studied and. I've.

I've worked with some of the best. Minds in the world on how this. Works some of my friends are some of the most. Cutting.

Edge researchers and and people in the behavioral influence world right. And unfortunately or not are unfortunately there's not many people out there teaching how to beat this. So if you're ready click the link let's get started right. Remember you're going to get the secrets of human influence home study course to 2497 value you're going to get the defense against the dark arts homesteady course which reviews what's in the.

First course and. Then takes it even further you're going to get the. Renegade reframing instant conversational belief change and an objection mastery you're going to get the. Charisma conversion.

Mass influence skills for hypnotic presenters and public speakers you're also going to get the stealth instant conversational hypnosis crash course you're going to get the three-month trial membership where you can actually get with people just like you right. Now and just drill in person how much. NLP is in that course tons and it's all done the right. Way in a way that anybody can do it right.

Um you're also going to get the. VIP super ticket and this and the stealth and. The. Mastermind mentoring program just click the link guys right.

This is this is the. Last shot. I'm going to log off in less than two minutes um. But.

I hope. I hope sincerely that that you got something out of tonight. I that you you off you got to see the feel the power of some of these techniques you've got some things that you can go out into the world and play with right. Use that.

Echo technique use that emotional bonding checklist play with the reframe patterns right. That you saw and just enjoy your life and hear more yeses and do the things you want. Isaac says. I just signed up just.

So much already signed up thank you. Isaac welcome aboard click the link click the link click the link there's namisha one of my favorite locals right. Anyway in the words of the immortal calibernate. I'm.

So glad we had this time together just to have a laugh or sing a song it seems we just got started and before you know it comes the time we have to say click the link. So long good night guys. I'll see you on the other side good night. God bless have a great night.
