Title: 1ToiYZgmXww.txt
Video Id: 1ToiYZgmXww
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1ToiYZgmXww

Hello hello my friends this is. Dr. David and. I want to welcome you to my.

Freaky. Friday. Ama today you're gonna. I'm just gonna.

I decided to come on and hang out with you over lunch and uh maybe answer a few questions talk about some of the things we got coming up that. I'm really excited about and. Laura says welcome to the. Platinum live sessions.

Yeehaw baby. So. I see. Lucy.

I see. Joey. I see. Liam see.

Laura let's see. John people flowing in awesome always happy to see you guys let me go ahead and move that window over there. So. I can focus on my favorite people in the whole world at the moment which are the ones on this live stream right.

Now. So hey. I'm here for. Next hour or.

So what do you got for me what do you want to know about did you guys check out the webinar on uh on. Wednesday night or what. Liam says. I'm excited about the.

Expo looks amazing it's going to be cool and uh you know. I can't speak too much. But they've they've really given uh. Planet.

David a lot of stage time and a lot of they got all other things planned because they like what we do with our. YouTube channel and stuff like that. So we're going to be doing a whole bunch of stuff at the. Expo and uh you can get your free tickets all you gotta do is go to this link right.

Here uh scroll down you'll see attend virtually attend live uh upgrade to. VIP. I recommend you upgrade to the. VIP if you're gonna you know you want the biggest bang for your buck.

But you could you don't have to you don't have to travel to. La. But if you are in. La.

I would love to see it. So by all means if you have questions about the. Expo what. I'm going to be doing at the.

Expo um ask away. Mani. Shabbat says how lucky are we greetings from. Israel greetings money you've been around forever you're one of the old schoolers man uh nacho business hi.

Paul hey say. Paul uh. Cohen hello. I just took.

Your course what is the fastest way to control my state and change it from one state to another posture and breathing posture and breathing why are there people in my waiting room sorry guys. I'm live streaming from. Zoom. So.

I can use the actual the virtual background um not that my back my. I have a backdrop. Anyway. But.

I just want to promote. So uh yeah. I'm not letting people into my zoom chat right. Now.

So it's if you want to interact with me is almost exclusively through uh almost exclusively it's gonna be through uh through the zoom through the. YouTube uh not just as the quickest way to become happy change your posture change your breathing focus on all the things you're grateful for you'll become very very happy losses stenoir says. Sweden is watching and listening. Sweden in the house all right.

There's. Seth hey. Seth in. Ray house a hypnosis hi.

Kathleen. M hi. Kevin. Hardy hey.

Joe. Hermie padena you were just in my waiting room when to stop the echo technique um when it's inappropriate to do it in other words what. I mean by that is when you need to talk about something that you know when you use the echo technique to guide people where you want them to go and to keep them talking when it become uh. I don't know there's a there's a good there's ever a time to stop the echo technique.

But when it's visibly making them pissed in spite of the fact that you're actually trying to do this for their benefit that will be the time to stop and. Then go to other things that's probably the only time. I can think of to use to stop using the echotic there's. Matthew.

Boyd uh. Ashlynn. Rosa flame high from. Colorado.

Aquarian hi. Heather hey see. I checked my analytics it turns out that the time that most of you guys are on. YouTube is right.

About this time. So. I think. I timed it pretty well power incarnate says hello from.

Mexico all right. Justin. Dean hi all right. So quick question what do you guys want to know about what are your questions well well you got me how many of you did did you guys all get my email about the uh the best you.

Expo yes. Or yes. Steven. Wright.

Manchester. Stephen. I haven't seen you in forever man good to see you again. Aquarian.

I see. Aquarian. I think. I got everybody else if.

I did not get you please shout me out again and. I will fix that okay. Uh public speaking. Later.

Tina letter says no. Well in that case use this link and get your free tickets to the best you. Expo. I'll be there all weekend we're gonna have a booth.

I'm gonna have a team of people we're gonna be spending if. I'm not on stage. I'm going to be at my booth or in the inspiration. Zone doing phobia cures uh getting people's removing people's blocks success uh doing energetics self-defense training um everything in my catalog the bernardo's asked me to just kitchen sink everything.

So um by all means if you if you can be in. La. I would really love you to come out and see me it's free unless you want to upgrade to. VIP which you you can you're the only one who can decide if you're important enough or not.

But the tickets are free you can attend virtually live go ahead and click this link in the in the chat to get to go to the page and get your free tickets if you have questions on how to do it. I can always screen share you and and and walk you through how to do that because there was some confusion before because there was some mess up with the link. So. I just want to make sure everybody gets um everybody gets access to it okay.

So. Liam is out. Catherine is saying what oh wait is this is that that's a zoom link wait a minute what's up hold on a. Second did.

I just post that no. That is not the link never mind hold on a. Second something happened here. I'm not sure exactly what my bad here's your link guys.

I'm sorry there's for those of you who want the free tickets uh. Aquarian says do. I use breathing techniques yes. I use a lot of different breathing techniques depending on what.

I want to do yeah my apologies this. I'm going to post the the actual link a couple of times here just. So for people who clicked on the wrong link and wound up in my zoom room. I don't know how that happened.

I did not. I didn't uh. I didn't. I didn't cut and paste the the invite link.

I. I think. Zoom did that automatically it's very weird um okay. Yeah.

I figured it out. Laura thanks lady. Tina says. I live in.

L.A very cool. I hope we see you um. Ashley says got to get back to work take care. Ashland um browsing.

YouTube when. I got the ding where can. I go for the. Next level healing sounds and what does your.

Taoist class cover. Okay. So. I will be doing some healing sound work very little at the best you um and largely because the deeper.

I get into the. Chinese energetic medicine stuff the more. I realize that um depending on how deep you get into energetics if you don't have someone guiding you you can get in a little bit of trouble. So.

I spend my time giving you stuff that's absolutely safe. But for my mega. Platinum people these are my my top tier coaching clients right. Now uh they got access to everything and.

So and because it's a smaller group we have special retreats just for the. Mega platinums um. I can give. I can give those people who are in the.

Platinum the mega. Platinum. Group the advanced stuff because. I can monitor their progress and make sure they're not going off on tangents and things like that.

So if you want to now there's lots of people teaching healing stuff out there there's another way to do it and they can go to the guy. I train with his name is. Dr. Jerry.

Allen. Johnson um if you go to not. Jerry allenjohnson.com it's um dot com or you can type in um. Taoist magic.

I think is is the.com and you can find his stuff he's got he's. I got a warning he's extraordinarily prolific uh. So if you want more information on on some of that stuff he's probably the best safest resource. I've found.

I. I. I'll be honest. I.

I've been exposed to a lot of. Qigong practitioners and. Masters and things like that. I don't.

I've met very few people that. I trust as implicitly as. I trust. Dr.

Johnson and his work. So um for those of you who want to work with me um a start by showing up at the best you. Expo click that like button click that share button. I'm starting to get the.

YouTube fever now where. I'm. I'm have to remind people to like and share and all that good stuff right. But really come to the.

Expo if you can't attend and live and in person do your best to to attend virtually uh. I'm not sure what the union rules are for the. Expo. But.

I'm going to try to do some live streams from my booth um in addition to everything that the uh the best you is going to be doing. So. I don't really know what that looks like just yet we're still in the in the early stages. I do know that there will be seven different talks.

I'm doing plus uh. Bernardo wants me to do energy work he wants me to do some interventions in the inspiration. Zone he wants me to do um self-defense energy self-defense interventions you name it if it's on if it's if it's in the catalog we're probably going to do it uh we're even teaching a face reading class uh a short face reading class at the. Expo and he was actually the most excited about that one believe it or not can you give us a quick example of a yes.

Set and how to do it without sounding weird well you know how sometimes when you're watching a video and the guy asks you a question and you start to think about it right. And when you think about it the more you think about the question the more sometimes the question you're not sure where he's going. But eventually you figure out that all he's really doing is asking questions that you have to either externally or internally say yes. To.

So that and you just start to follow along and when you realize that's happening you know it's always a good idea to just keep following along because it's for your best interests and that doesn't make sense doesn't it. So. I can either confirm or deny whether that was a subliminal yes. Set or not um you know.

I use breathing techniques the inspiration. Zone. Heather to my understanding hey. Dee from.

New. Zealand um okay. So aquarian's asking what breathing techniques can you recommend to meet with. Hermes um the closest lineage.

I have to to transmest. Justice would be the. Egyptian system the merkaba system by drum below. Melchizedek that's probably going to get you there faster.

But pretty much any any mystical tradition um when you get in deep enough will allow you to kind of communicate with those teachers and stuff uh the inspiration. Zone to my understanding is kind of like a courtyard where people hang out and it's almost the way. I think of it is kind of like in on. Fremont.

Street for for self-help people right. Where you got all these different people hanging out and they're giving little mini lectures and demonstrations and things of that nature and um that's my understanding of it. I can. I could probably go through the the brochure and get a much more detailed explanation uh.

But that's my understanding of the inspiration zone right. Which is why. I'm building a team because one of the things there's going to be like 10 somewhere between 10 and 13 000 people there right. And.

I hope you will click this link and be one of those uh. So. I'm building my team uh. I'm going in there with a team of people and what they're going to be doing aside from promoting us what they're going to be doing is actually doing change work on people they're going to read faces they're going to take care of prop phobias they're going to get rid of pain they're gonna all right.

Um. So that to me is. I think the biggest advertisement of what goes on here at. Planet.

David is not just me. But people who can actually do this stuff anytime anywhere under any circumstance and for any reason and. I'm excited about that uh because it shows the skill level that that our people uh tend to exhibit because again it's not it's not to me it's not real if. I'm the only one who can do it right.

If. I can teach other people to do it. Then. I know that it's valid and and we're not deluding ourselves right.

Just my little thing uh. Julie says. I look. Like a projection on a screen sorry.

But. I have to say what. I see well you can say what you see because. I.

I'm. I'm real the projection is behind me. So that might have something to do with it. Heather says that will be online very cool.

Rick. T says hey. David how can we practically take advantage of the law of resonance and connecting with nature. Okay.

So. I think. I know where you're going with that question. But if you can ask it in a little bit more of a specific context.

I can probably give you a better answer. Paul says. I got a hot date tonight looking for to looking to blow her mind thank you for everything you taught me you are welcome. Paul blow mines take names.

Rock worlds you know what. I'm saying that's where we start. Nathan mayor says what is remote viewing remote viewing is the ability to access information from locations remote in time and space from you without the use of. Technology.

So think of it like psychics crying or psychic um. Clairvoyance right. That's kind of what it is remote viewing was a term coined by. Stanford research and the uh.

Department the. CIA defense. Intelligence. Agency for their psychic spying program remote viewing and our wallet says looking good man thank you.

I went. I went a little casual today. I left the vest unbuttoned because what the hell right. It's a.

Friday [Music] um uh not just asking how long is the longest orgasm you know it's like hours um if you actually. Google it like. Guinness. Book.

Of. World. Records longest orgasm. I think the freaking it's it was ridiculous whatever it was uh and.

Then you have to qualify in human beings or in uh in in animals right. Different question and. Mr. T hey.

David what do you think about hypnotic symbolic language. David. Grove are you are you talking about clean language from. David.

Grove or something different uh. I'm not familiar with the hypnotic symbolic language stuff. I am a little bit more familiar with the clean language stuff. So uh.

I can't really comment too much. But. I like. I like what.

I've heard from the clean language stuff power incarnate can someone learn to do that do what specifically power the yes. That. I just did absolutely it's basic training in all of our uh persuasion and influence courses in fact we'll probably be doing a version of it uh. Next week at attraction.

Mastery in. Las. Vegas best technique for psychic self-defense clean up your [ __ ] connect to. God everything else is um in addition right.

I. I taught this actually um how long ago was it it was a killer influence. I talked about it um. But.

I get this question a lot in the fields of energetics you know one of the things you need to understand is that if someone's determined to mess with you there's always a way in um the mo the two most bulletproof ways to protect yourself against psychic attack and psychic attack there's. So many different forms of psychic attack advertising is technically a psychic attack you have to clean up your [ __ ] because usually the way into your system is through some unresolved trauma or limiting belief or complex that you have in sight that's actually the way in. So the fastest way to inoculate yourself against external attack is a to clean up your [ __ ] the. Next one is to develop a deeper and deeper and deeper resonance and integration with your three bodies and source if you can do that.

Then it's it's like um well if you can imagine for example uh a spaceship right. Flying towards the. Sun it's only going to get. So far before it burns up that's what being connected to sources like it's not that the people aren't going to launch these attacks at you it's that they just don't get close enough and when they do they bounce off or they burn up.

So those are the two things that that again you can wrap all the white light around you you want someone's armed with language patterns their shit's going right. In um if someone has stronger energy field than you their shit's going right. In if someone has a deeper connection to. Source than you or or access to a more powerful malevolent entity.

Then your connection to. Source it's going in okay. You gotta understand that it's again it's kind of like a you know uh the bigger and stronger you are the easier it is to fight off lots of bad guys right. Uh.

So again and these are two things by the way these are two things that are in everybody's control especially if you're here in. Planet daily because we give you the tools both for free and. Then if you want to upgrade and learn more we give you that stuff we tell you how to go in and fix your [ __ ] right. We tell you how to deepen your connection to.

Source how to cleanse your energy field and all in fact. I'll be teaching some of that stuff uh at the best you. Expo uh for those who want to learn more about that you can click the link right. Here um.

But that's those are the two big ones you know if you got those too you're pretty good right. Then you can always add other things there's always other things you can bring in. But if you can't do those you know public speaking message uh when you say clean up your [ __ ] clean up your traumas clean up your angers your resentments your sadnesses your guilts your frustrations your shames your beliefs they're all windows into your your your your system that people can exploit the more you clean them up the more non-reactive you become which is which is a symptom of how. Bulletproof uh your psychic.

Shields are and when. I say non-reactive. I don't mean dissociated it means that the things that used to trigger you don't right. It's not that they trigger you and you suppress it that's not what we're talking about or they trigger you and you dissociate from it's just they don't trigger you right.

Or you could you can remember a time when it used to trigger and realize that oh my. God. I'm different now right. That's what.

I mean that's non-reactiveness right. Or uh in the in the ancient systems it's called. Uh dispassion dispassion or varagya if you ever heard uh there's actually a a mudra called varagya mudra which is designed to uh accelerate and amplify that state. But if you don't have the internal work this isn't going to help you let me see here some good questions brick.

T says please elaborate whatever you know about entities and how to connect with them or create element. I know a lot about that actually um. I won't talk about it in public though um. I do.

I did in fact um the. Last two months of my uh my coaching program um they all learn how to do that stuff create thought forums uh program them dissolve them modify them things of that nature. So. I do teach it.

I just. I there's certain things. I won't. I you know.

I won't let out. So. But if you want to get access to that um start by coming to the. Expo right.

Which is free right. And. Then. I'll point you in the direction of where to go to get more stuff uh let's see here.

Rob. Robertson hi. David hi back. Robert.

D. MC are our thoughts our own are we just thinking things that have already existed long before we were born are they new or just old stuff that has already been thought before us the answer is yes. There's really nothing new. Under the.

Sun or behind it uh. So thoughts have patterns and structures whether they're the exact thought we had years ago or in other lifetimes what have you um probably not exact. But close enough in structure to be pretty. Universal from.

Human. Being. Human. Being that's what.

NLP kind of taught us was that it doesn't really matter how individual. You. Think. You.

Are it's still the same autonomic nervous system with the same operating system um creating what you believe are individualized thoughts that all have a similar structure and that's not a bad thing right. Because it gives us tremendous power over what we think and how we choose to think you know um. But there is this aspect of free will that does come in. So at any given moment you have a choice of what to do with the decision and and what decisions to make and how to interpret the events in front of you and those interpretations will determine which direction your.

Consciousness elevates or or submerges to and the life directions that you take on because of the choices that you make. I hope that answers your question uh. Nathan is it true that the unconscious mind is co-extensive with the. Universe.

I don't know what co-extensive means that's a new one for me can you elaborate on that word. Tanya. Gallegos how does it work how does what work. Tanya if you can elaborate on that or reference the question previously brick.

T how would you practically explain the difference type of bodies like astral vibration it's it's really just vibration and attribute when you look. At energetics okay. And this goes back to the rosicrucians um the. Jesuit um radiusthesias um some of the.

Hermetic stuff energy can be can be classified into what they call two um scales quality scale and a quantity scale. So when you're looking at when we talk about quality scale what we're really talking about are the attributes what are the the attributes that that particular frequency manifests and. So you have a spirit you have a you have a. Divine flame which is an uh this is embodied in the soul which creates the spiritual body which creates the energy body which creates the physical body each of these are just vibrational uh frequencies that have been drawn together through the force of gravity the mind is gravity.

So to speak and and. So they all take on different attributes based on the frequencies inherent in them right. I hope that answers your question if not give me a bit more specific question. Liam says sorry got excited okay.

So oh crap hold on a. Second. I just jumped up um let me get back to my horse stance because. I need to train my back uh let's see here.

Harem baller says why do. I feel more genuine and better talking to people focusing on my heart rather than my mind because your heart is the center of empathic connection perception and communication in fact in the. Last killer influence uh training we did we in our state control section we have these things called bridging drills and bridging drills are what allow us to use the the holographic nervous system the proprioceptive nervous system the cardiac nervous system and mirror neurons to bridge the gap between our neurology and somebody else's and the part of you that manages that level of communication is the heart the the lower. Center manages kinesthetic perception and communication the heart manages uh empathic communication and the brain works with intuitive communication or the upper.

Center works with and. So what we did was we had people do the bridging drills which work really really well and. Then we had them do the heart clearing sounds and vibrational clearing frequencies uh analogous to the heart and. Then we had them redo the drills and their level of perception went to skyrocketed the the signals that they got and the information that got transmitted back and forth was off the charts people were profoundly amazed at how rapidly by stimulating that.

Center they could actually amplify the level of. Rapport and connection they can get with people. So. I normally don't teach those applications in that class.

But. I kind of wanted to see. I wanted to test um what would happen when we used something from my. Chinese energetic medicine training to specifically enhance our influence applications and it worked like gangbusters.

So. I was really pleased with that. So we'll probably do more of that in our future uh defense against the dark arts training killer influence trainings because it really does amplify and clear out the noise in that in those channels. So that might have.

I'll give you a reason why uh she says yes. Clean language uh uh. So brick two says. I vaguely know the topic to begin with.

I just want a quick way to use resonances to be the same as nature and connecting my source of info okay. So here's a lot of it goes back to what. I was just talking to with harem um a clean out your energy centers learn how to dissolve into the energy. Fields where you're at.

So. First you want to do is you want to create a safe energetic. Sanctuary to train in. Then you want to practice dissolving into the environment don't try don't try to you know because the idea is you have to you have to dissolve the barriers perceptual and otherwise between self and other and just melt think of like an ice cube melting into a tub of warm water right.

If you can do that and you stay in that space um. Then you will start to to get more resonance with that okay. There are other things you can do. But that's going to be the the safest one for you right.

Um uh. Michael. Lewis says s have. I don't know what that means uh.

Matt. Kevlar. The. Rock.

I dig your mug thank you this was a gift from my wife the coffee's mine though right. Um not your business laughing my ass off apparently the psychic remote viewing is it possible to learn yes. There's lots of good teachers out there um. I recommend you get people like.

Lynn. Buchanan some of the old guard while they're still around learn from them okay. I think. I might backtracked enough let me see what else is here let's say that you're more.

Connected. To. Source can they easily take no. No.

Um the more connection you have to source and the more you take on the. Viewpoint or the perspective of source the harder it is to affect you unless you want to be affected how to clean up your energy um nacho come to the. Expo. I'm going to be doing some stuff in the inspiration.

Zone uh for cleaning energy. I'll probably be doing the four the the three phase pulling down the heavens process um and. Then you can use that really really well um. Kevin says what's the fastest way to manifest money to travel to.

Vegas. Next week for your class sell a kidney um that is not medical advice um really the fastest way to do it is create a course and offer it to people for money right. Get a bunch of people together uh show them what you can do make sure the audience has a high probability of wanting the same things you want show them what you can do give them a sample tell them what to do. Next to to sign up get their credit card information and do the work fastest way to do it okay.

Roma. MK how hi. David a long time no. See you won't believe what happened to me ooh.

I feel a hook. Coming on there all right. D is. Bart baggage work helpful in creating the reality we desire do words really shape our reality what intention specifically matter for this matter intention always matters.

Bart. I love. Bart stuff um. I started studying.

Bart's handwriting and graphical analysis programs back in the 90s um he's kind of ventured periodically into relationships and self-help stuff. I haven't looked at a lot of that. I'm still on his mailing list. I get stuff from time to time.

I hear you starting a podcast or is doing a podcast with your sister um as far as his his early graphical analysis stuff absolutely love it. I have his master training his master class stuff uh. I use it used it for many years. So the short answer is.

I have a lot of confidence um in. Bart's early work. I haven't really sampled anything he's doing recently. But if the quality of his new stuff is anything like the quality of his old stuff it's probably good uh.

Julie know thyself be true okay. I don't know where that's coming from. But hey um let's see here oh every now and. Then.

I start to scroll down it jumps. I get. Quantum leaps uh. So.

John is asking oh wait hold on a. Second. Bubba hashmelt. Says are evil entities like the clipart truly evil or are they useful in certain contexts.

Solomon certainly thought. So right. Entities positive entities and negative energies exist and whether they're evil truly evil or not really depends on your. Viewpoint you know where you're polarized at.

I personally don't recommend entity work at all simply because. I'm a kabbalist and most of the things you would tap into entities for you can do yourself uh entity work is kind of like the shortcut and a lot of people like shortcuts. But there's always a price there's always a price. So.

I would always be very careful with that kind of work. John pechakowski says what do you say about the spiritual teachers who say all is manifestation versus all his. Destiny versus some who say it's both evenly. I think um they're entitled to their opinion that's what.

I think um. I like to think that. I have more control of my destiny than maybe. I do.

But. I think we also manifest turning points in the in the track that we're on as we change. Consciousness um the track we we're traveling changes because our choices change um if there were no. If it weren't possible to elevate our consciousness there'd be no.

Reason to even try to you know be better right. But the whole idea behind free will is that we actually can make a choice uh and depending on the choices that we make see we're all going to wind up in the same place eventually that's kind of the the rub the irony of it some of us will get depending on the choices we make it how rapidly we. Elevate. Consciousness we'll get to that point faster than others how many reps kind of like golf right.

You you keep stroking long enough you'll eventually get the ball in the hole question is are you going to get it on a hole in one or it's going to take you 35 freaking. Strokes to get there. I think that's really what the the choice that we have right. And depending on the on how we work and develop our.

Consciousness clear our [ __ ] um remove the reactant side of us more the more clearly we can see this reality that we're in and we make better choices. So that's how. I think about it um rum is asking how about birds and animals do they have seven bodies too. I don't know that anybody has seven bodies the problem with with parsing energy the the layers of the energy field is that there can be as many layers as you can describe in name that's kind of the the irony of it.

I use a three body model some people believe you have a different astral layer or energetic layer for each of your seven chakras. But. Then again some systems have 12 chakras some have 13. uh there's 360 acupuncture points which are mini chakras right. You have 12 primary meridians and six extraordinary.

Marines what body are they in right. Are they each their own individual body. I don't know. I like to keep things simple um the bottom line is is does the model you're working with create the results you want in the amount of time that you want it if it isn't.

Then you need to start challenging what you were taught to try and testing other things and see if there's anything faster or more effective for you right. Um most of the old schools. I'm studying seem to resolve revolve around a three body model okay. Um.

Sarah. D says can. NLP cure what is limerence is that is that is that a typo are you trying to spell impotence or uh whatever it was. Sarah if you can retype it.

I'm not sure what it is uh. Tanya. Gallegos let's say that we are closer to source and live life with a good honest heart can someone easily enter and take even though one is also strong that really depends on the skill of the attacker right. You know you know you have people who come into this world with the gift of the evil eye and they just have a natural skill to put the whammy on people.

But like. I said people uh how how vulnerable you are to attack is largely a measure of your your how much [ __ ] you've cleaned up your connection to source and how skilled the attacker is right. If you're dealing with like a level 50 black wizard who spent decades learning how to pierce people's um you know veils and energy. Shields and things like that yeah you probably have a he has a better chance than somebody who's in in the kindergarten level you know what.

I'm saying. But those people by and large are you're you're largely not unless you are like a world power you're probably not on their radar to be honest. So there's two variables your your connection to source and the skill set of the person attacking you right. Foreign.

Rapport. Wars was amazing you like that huh pretty cool. Danka says healing hi. Dr.

David hi back. Miss link eight thank you for answering um what about placing energy grids around yourself while staying open to the world through heart energy again connection to. Source clean up your [ __ ] okay. And.

Then factor in the skill level of the person who's seeking to penetrate your grid let me tell you something. I'm going to be very very upfront there's always a way in. But that way in can be easier or harder depending on the skill set of the people trying to get in. I'll give you this little tidbit and.

Then you can take with it what you want where attention goes energy flows where attention goes energy flows where the. Mind goes energy goes where the energy goes your physical body goes right. I've given you a lot in that one sentence meditate on it contemplate it think about it okay. Uh let's see here for those of you who want to learn more come see me and come see me in.

La here's the link and. I would love you guys to just. Stampede the website and let. Bernardo know that planet.

David is coming in force show your support either virtually or in person uh. I want to do some. Raffles. So at the booth.

So maybe what. I'll do um as. I'll do for at the at the. Expo what.

I did what. I do for. Hypno. Thoughts every year.

I'll take five or six of my uh my middle level programs my. Mondo. Supremo. I wanted all packages which is two two.

VIP tickets to any live events on my 2023 2024 calendar five days or less your choice of two full-length video courses available on my website for 19.97 or less. I think is what are we doing for and. Then five smaller video products. So what you do is if you you click this link and you show up at the.

Expo every few hours we're gonna do some. Raffles at the booth and we're going to give away some. VIP tickets to trainings. Live.

Events and products does that sound cool what do you think um do. I use pentagrams for defense sometimes sometimes. I use uh the mag and. David sometimes.

I use the uh triscalion or the uh the. Celtic symbol for protection sometimes. I use a pentagram uh really depends on on what energy. I'm resonating with at the time sometimes.

I use a cross okay. Um fortunately for me in my soul my soul star. I have [Music] um initiation to all those lineages. So.

I can use pretty much anyone. I want um. Irene says thank you for your response you're welcome. Dee says thank you for answering my question my pleasure.

Joe hey. David what are the steps that you show when you imagine a ball and connect with your heart technique don't know what you're talking about. Joe uh. Cynthia.

Holly good afternoon. David. Aquarian says do you use pentagrams. I answered that one.

Harem is asking can of affirmations over and over regardless if you don't believe in the beginnings still work positive ones the theory is is if you repeat something long enough your brain will accept it the question becomes how many times you have to do that repetition and is it practical to do that. I think it's true enough to be true. But because. I understand human nature if you don't believe it and there's a lot of internal programming that says you can't have it or don't deserve to have it it's going to take you a [ __ ] long time and um by a long time.

I mean years because you have to go your body has to be willing to accept the new and the new program and. Then start changing you internally. So that you start doing the things externally that allow you to become the person that can have those things. So the best thing to do is actually tackle the negative beliefs that say you can't have it.

First and. Then apply high level affirmations and you've seen our hidden. Laws of. Attraction program.

I give you um some of the most powerful neurologically enhanced ways to do affirmations they have nothing to do with the way most people do them okay. Um it's super powerful. But again it's going to go to clearing your [ __ ] cleaning your blocks the things that say you don't deserve to have it or you can't have it or people who have the things you want are not good people these are all things that come up um that hold people back. Eric loxo is asking what is the most effective use of deep trans identification um two that come to mind one is if you're a marketer you can step into the customer.

Avatar of the people whose product or service you're directing it at and get deep insight into into their life experience. So you can talk about it and prove to people that you understand their world. So they're far more likely to buy your product um the. Second one is and by the way that's also for empathic connection and communication if you can do that.

Then you could easily gain deeper levels of rapport with other people as well. But. I'm talking. I want to get very practical the other thing that you can use it for is to install the trades qualities and characteristics in yourself of people that you want to be more like.

So that you can custom design your identity we do that full that full seat that full sequence of techniques is actually in the seven stage identity by design process we'll be teaching here in. San. Diego in. March towards the end of.

March. So for those of you who want to be able to do that stuff get the to the training the identity by. Design training here in. San.

Diego. Solana. Beach specifically you can go to. David snydernlp.com forward slash events scroll down you'll see the identity by.

Design training for. March uh let's see here. Paris says thanks for answering let me make sure. I got everything foreign s is.

I'll have to look. It up chances are if it if it if it's an. OCD type of a thing. NLP can can at the very least make a dent okay.

I'd um. I'd have to research it a little bit more to give you a better answer uh try. Tom. Bazzini's golden bubble technique.

I was successful at a few attempts. But. I really don't know how to increase its effect and create the result. I would want that's because.

Tom never taught anybody how to amplify the the power of it and most people don't because they're they're just happy they get the damn thing to work the secret is polarity drills polarity drills and postural drills the more you can generate your stronger emotional amplitude um the more rapidly you can you can create a very powerful proprioceptive message that's what. Spirit of influence does best way to learn that is to get stealth. CPI or killer influence and especially the. Last one we spent almost two whole days on nothing.

But the state control drills the sphere of influence technique the smurfing techniques and the amplitude building drills that let it become. Unstoppable. So that that in the short term is. I think we're the only ones really doing that level of work in that field.

So um. I don't know how it happened you'd have to ask uh. John is asking the question why does energy go where our attention flows like how does that happen. I don't know you'd have to ask.

God it just does. I didn't make the rules. I just reported [Music] let's see here. Daniel.

Rodriguez is asking do you think spiritual teachers who require their followers to call them mama or. Auntie is a red flag for a cult also witness her call that would every culture has their traditions that would raise a red flag for me okay. But it's not on. But here's here's the thing though in a lot of your kung fu schools right.

The the old traditional quoons that go back hundreds of years it is not uncommon for a family structure um to be part of that that that training uh you would call you know an older student your older brother or your um you might call the uh the wife of the instructor. Auntie or something you know again it's it's different. I don't know what the tradition is you're coming from. But to me those are kind of you have to research that a research the culture it comes from and what your own tolerances are.

I try not to be too judgmental of other people's spiritual practices um. But it is important to really understand when you're in a when you're in a involved with a group of people that are more interested in making you a living that are and a follower than in helping you become the best version of yourself right. So uh and one of the ways that you you really can start to see those things is how they start to isolate you or separate you from the the family your family and and friends and that life okay. And they'll use different excuses and tactics to do that um you have to decide where your happy place is some people are in.

Cults they know their cult and they don't care because they're happy right. Uh the question becomes is the is the group whether it's a positive cult or not is that group actually um limiting you or holding you back or letting you be what you want to be instead of who they want you to be. So it's a. Sticky.

Wicket. So. But yeah mamas aunties good boys definitely red flag for me definite red flag for me for me personally right. Uh always onward asks do you know the wizard.

Liz on. YouTube. I saw you named. Liz was one of your.

I don't know which. Liz you're referring to. I have a bunch of lizards in. Planet.

David. Tanya says. I've always been intuitive. I can feel what people are thinking.

I've also been told. I'm a light well we're all lights. Tanya that's the whole point that's what public people that's why face reading faces can change when we fix our [ __ ] right. Um.

But is there a question there um see here. David. Orman. Central.

Florida. Systema have you worked with radionics and if. So. I've worked with radionics many many years ago.

I started studying the same thing most people do as. Uncle. Chucky um. I can't remember his.

Last name um he's a little bit out there. But um he's probably the the top go-to guy on radionics and psionics and things of that nature um again it's psychic skills. But it's you use an externalized. Foci a device basically that has no.

Active quality properties at all as a focus it's almost like it was almost a pre a precursor to. Richard bandler's uh design human engineering where in your mind in trance you create these little devices and mechanisms like sliders and dials and machines that perform these higher than um these higher almost psychic functions um in psychotronics you're using the same thing to do uh. Clairvoyance or psychic influence things of that nature it's still you doing it. But because you create a focus outside of yourself and we've evolved this tool using creatures um it somehow makes it makes the work easier for people.

So um yeah played with it. I'd rather be self-contained what do. I think about moldavite. Crystal you know absolutely not moldavite's one of the most powerful stones for.

Healers that. I know of uh and. I. I've seen that pretty consistent uh from.

The. Chronic healing training on gems uh. I haven't done the the full gem training with. Dr.

Johnson yet. But. I'm pretty sure moldavite's going to come up as far as. I know multi light's one of the most powerful healing stones um that exists.

But you would have to actually um and it's also a good protection stone for healers as. I recall uh. So. I've never heard anything about it being evil you can charge a stone to do anything you want.

But um as far as. I know it's it's it's uh it's a very benevolent beneficial uh mineral. KR says what is the best way for me to get elevated emotions control your posture control your breathing clean up your [ __ ] and every day do a gratitude inventory of all the amazingly cool things in your life that you've got that you take for granted. I promise you your emotions will elevate.

Justin. Dean how to manifest more work opportunities and. Better. Health clean up your [ __ ] uh create some uh powerful holographic memory containers place them in your timeline set it and forget it and.

Then say and. Then set out to become the person who can actually be the the person who has okay. So often we try to we try to manifest things that we're not qualified to do yet like some people want to be a doctor who don't want to go to medical school. I'm making a a you know big.

So are you currently the person who can be that guy or that girl right. So set the intention put it in your timeline and. Then start taking the actual steps you need to do in the physical world to manifest that if you had done no. Manifestation at all and if you combine those things you'll tend to get there faster.

But the universe will test you and that's one of the big things you understand this this. Dimension we're all in is trauma. School. Earth operative word being school right.

Everything you get is a test right. Are you going to default to your animalistic programming or tap into your higher spiritual faculties not easy. I. I still struggle right.

Most people. I know struggle and anybody who says they're not struggling probably trying to sell you something okay. Um. So mix it with another meteor and.

I can control the room volume as well. I have no. Idea what you're talking about in our. Wallace.

But. I'll just let you have that moment um. Danka healing what's your view on eating cheese and wheat from a vibrational level vibrational level some some vibrations that we ingest are healthy some are not um if you do any form of. Eucharistic work over the food it will tend to be more healthy for you on a vibrational level.

But if you're if you're lactose intolerant if you're if your body has a natural sensitivity to these things uh well enhanced blessing the food like literally blessing and cleansing and purifying the food um can be very very helpful you need to clean up whatever's causing the the actual sensitivity in the system that's what. I've seen clean up this [ __ ] before adding new stuff um a lot of times doing a really a really clean diet for a couple a year or. So a lot of times they'll start to resolve a lot of those food sensitivities. Anyway and you'll have a higher tolerance for those problematic.

Foods um. Daniel's asking oh wait how would you describe energy itself energy can only be described in the context of two things quantity and quality what qualities does it express does it manifest right. That's how. I.

Define energy qualities and quantities what qualities are being manifested and how much of it is there how much amplitude does it have okay. Other than that spirit is actually more important than energy um. Alyssa. Jay says this is really good stuff.

David will you upload the this will go live right. After. I log off. So you'll have it okay.

Um. But if you if you are enjoying the content that um that when providing please uh go ahead and click this link and come see us either in person or virtually. I have to stress there is a virtual option for the best you. Expo okay.

Uh all you got to do is go to that page scroll down and you'll see all the options there's a view online view in person uh upgrade to. VIP you decide um you know what you what level of comfort you are and how much you want to hang out with us right. But. I would go and click that link right.

Now and really. Reserve let. Bernardo know that planet. David is coming and they're coming with bells on and they're ready to party for three solid days of some of the best speakers and presenters out there right.

Um let's see here. Jack says quartz crystal is good still for healing quartz is a generic amplifier. So when you work with quartz you've got to program the courts to do what you want it to do otherwise it'll just randomly um it will tend to randomly energize and expand whatever field it encounters quartz one of the things. I saw is you know you have to cleanse a crystal and.

Then you have to program the crystal you have to literally give it instructions for it to perform the functions you want right. I was taught never use quartz on people who have like cancer and things like that unless you've got other stones to modulate or mediate its um its effects uh let's see. David says which of my courses feature deep trance. Define teach deep trans.

David because as far as. I'm concerned there is no. There's deep trance is based is is a concept that is from classical hypnosis what kind of trans characteristics are you looking for um always onwards is saying do listening to subliminals work are they real. I've even seen some people say they make it by blood or yeah.

I would go there okay. So the way it was explained to me once by a very cynical uh hypnosis teacher a guy by the name of. Dr. John.

Cleveland when. I was living in. Fort. Lauderdale he said uh he didn't put any stock in subliminals because that would be the the equivalent of coming to me uh for for uh a programming session and me doing this.

So um. I would be. I would. I would.

I would actually if you're going to work with subliminals. I would make sure that the subliminal is not. So low that you can't perceive it at all if you can if you can like strain your ears and hear the subliminals um. I would give that honestly.

I would give that a better chance of working simply because [Music] um you consciously know something's happening and. Then what happens is at the very least you engage the placebo effect which works about 40 of the time on anybody right. And that's important to understand is the placebo effect if you buy a subliminal with absolutely nothing on it. But you believe it'll work it has a 40 chance of working and if you really believe it'll work okay.

If you have actual subliminal messaging on there and you're susceptible to subliminal programming. Then whenever you are in a state that is conducive to you acting on the programming you're likely to take those behaviors okay. So when it comes to working with subliminals there's a lot more power in believing it will work for you um. Then in the actual suggestions.

So let's see here let's see here absolutely beautiful. David thank you you're welcome. Justin uh. Elena let me scroll up here to.

Elena what is the main advice you would give for the hypnotherapist how how to help clients with maximum results screen your clients well okay. Make sure before you accept them as a client that they have the highest level of willingness and ability to follow your suggestions and obey your commands um the. Next thing. I would do is teach them the six learn for yourself and.

Then teach your clients the six dynamics of an unconscious response understand the principles that underlie body centered energetic psychotherapy uh and if you come in with those things you'll be able to solve any problem that comes your way in my opinion uh because that's what. I've seen clinically with very few exceptions okay. Those are the three things. I would do screen your clients better learn the six dynamics of an unconscious response and teach it to your clients before you put them in trans learn the principles of body centered energy.

Psychotherapy all of which we teach in identity by. Design um and you and. I teach a lot of this a lot. I teach a lot of things also on our webinars.

So you can get it for free on. YouTube right. But if you want the actual and you want to be able to actually embody the trainings. Then either buy the the identity by.

Design home study course uh or come to uh identity by. Design or because some of my talks will feature this stuff click this link and join us for one of the seven talks that. I'm doing at the best you. Expo.

March 3rd 4th and 5th live in. Los. Angeles the tickets are free you can come in person upgrade to. VIP or attend virtually highly recommend you click that link and get your name in um.

Elisa that was exactly what. I was going to ask. I believe what. I desire is beyond what the world is ready for how might you suggest.

I step into this role for the world sooner very simple look. At your end result and ask yourself the question what do. I have to be or what would what would be what result would. I achieve right.

Before. I achieve that what result would. I achieve right. Before.

I achieve that what result would. I achieve right. Before. I achieve that and create a backward track of.

Milestones right. And start working with those and the reason. I say that is if you're one of those people that is. So far ahead of the.

Curve um that people can't relate to what you're doing. I've been there a lot like a lot a lot it was actually. I. I used to think that what was obvious to me uh when.

I was researching a lot of these things was obvious to everybody turns out it wasn't and a lot of people did not respond well to my insights and my revelations in fact they pretty much wanted to burn me at the stake um and that's that's everywhere from the. Society of. NLP to some of the martial arts trainings. I was in and some martial.

Master's. First. Masters that. I dealt with um there are some some people move through the world that are ahead of their time and they create things that are amazingly cool.

But they're. So far ahead of the curve that people can't conceive that it's even possible and it conflicts. So powerfully with what they already believe to be true that they just want to burn you at the stake metaphorically or literally for espousing it okay. So what.

I've found is the safest track is figure out where people are have your process lined out at infinitum. But backtrack it and find the place that's ahead. But closest to where they're at teach them that give them the experience of it and. Then take them to the.

Next level that's actually what we do um in all of our. Live. Events it's one of the reasons that people the people who come like identity by. Design are killer influence get.

So good. So fast because it's not based on knowledge it's based on a set of experiences that we give each student that expands their their willingness to accept what's possible we all have a very you know we can all conceptually. Embrace these these. Quantum leaps we can we can conceive of them.

But we can't we. But there's a part of us in most cases that don't actually believe we can do that yet and a lot of times it's because they can't the unconscious mind can't calibrate and measure the steps from there from here to there. So what we do with identity by all of our classes really. But what we do with identity by.

Design is we start with where people are at and. Then we give them something that's just one level. Beyond what they're used to once they can do that we give them another thing that's just one level beyond what they're used to and. Then they give them another thing that's just one level beyond what they're used to and.

Then what happens is. Inch by. Inch by. Inch by.

Inch they start to embody these experiences and they realize that they can and when they look. Back from where they started they're like. Quantum leaps ahead right. Anytime you try to explain things to people um you're going to run into the problem of they can conceive of it.

But they can't receive it right. They can't embody it they can't express it. So you have to give them a set of experiences that's why. I consider what we do in mystery school.

But we're a gnostic mystery school what does that mean it means we're about having the experience direct knowledge direct experience of a process those who've ever had done spinning or the echo technique regardless of whether you believed it when you. First started or not the moment you did it and it worked all of a sudden what you felt was possible and what you could do expanded true or not true that's what we do with everything and that's how that's why you can't get into like our vibrational influence classes without a course like identity by. Design or killer influence because there's foundations foundational experiences that a person has to have before they can really apply not conceptually understand and learn. But apply in a practical way the teachings you have to have both there's a difference my guy my friends between learning something which is always fun and training and applying we have to bridge that.

Gap we have to move from learning something cool to being able to do something cool right. And that's that's why we've developed the training processes that we have in plan a day in fact the. Last killer influence. I had.

I had like four or five high level hypnosis and. NLP people in my training uh and they had heard about some of the stuff they try something that were like gangbusters and they came in you know with their own preconceived ideas about how the world works and. I told those people because they also have students they also do lectures. I said listen if all you do is adopt our three by three training process you your students would have a.

Quantum. Leap in their skill level. But don't believe me because. I tell you do it and test the results we'll see not many.

I. I've taught several hypnosis instructors this process. I haven't seen anybody do it yet right. And.

I'll tell you why a laziness and complacency. B uh and. B uh it takes longer it takes longer to put the student through the exercises because you got to do three times as many in a certain way and fourth and again a. Third fourth.

Third or fourth and. I say this a lot of instructors out there don't actually want the competition um you know it's not uncommon you know. I. I do a training at uh.

Hypno. Thoughts a lot. I do a. I do an 11 day uh hypnotic training.

Marathon and one of the courses that. I teach is called. Charisma conversion and it's about hypnotic presentation skills how to use things like language patterns and anchoring and nested loops and embedded commands and from the stage to help accelerate the learning and the ability and willingness for people to rush to the back of the room and actually generate a deeper level of relationship with you and when. I say.

I'm having a proud papa moment is because at. Hypno. Thoughts live the world's largest hypnosis convention. I have no.

Less than seven of my students who are actually presenting at the convention right. And there are other trainers out there who if their student tries to do a a teaching or a training at the convention they get really upset and they yell at the people running the convention or letting the student in right. So again. I'm not pointing fingers.

I'm not saying that that's right. Or wrong. But there are reasons why people hold back or don't change or if there's a better way to do something based on the actual results aren't willing to do it. So moving through the world kicking over people's sacred cows um being miles ahead of the curve these are sound on the surface they sound like you know an admirable thing usually.

The. World. Won't thank you especially your peer groups well. So be very careful how you go about bringing people to certain.

Revelations right. So. I'm going to get off my pedestal now. But hopefully that was helpful.

Revelation is asking hold on a. Second let me see if. I can do this without losing my spot. I've used your.

Technique and managed to end addictions and blockages yet. I seem to have doubled down on my feeling unmotivated to do anything can the transformational. Triad how. I'm assuming help with this yes.

I believe. So you probably have to ask different questions you have to ask us different resources okay. So go back revisit the six dynamics of the unconscious response uh the principles of body-centered energy psychotherapy that we teach and identity by. Design and apply that to your neurology and.

Then use the transformational. Triad to facilitate those changes and you'll probably get a put a big big dent if not completely eliminated narwala says hello good old. Uncle. Chuck yes.

I can't remember for the life of me. I can't remember his. Last name it'll pop up in a minute. But is it.

Cosgrove cosimanov that's what it is. Charles casimanov right. Um probably the the leading. Authority.

I know of on psychotronics uh he's a little bit gray though. So he's a little bit more in the black hat side. So you might want to be careful. Heart's.

On. Fire where would you recommend to gain or purchase genuine stones and crystals vesicainstitute.com has some good ones uh. I. I trust uh.

Bob. Gilbert a lot uh. I think he's got a lot of good science behind what he does. I bought some crystals from him that.

I my wife absolutely adores uh if you live in. Las. Vegas there's a place called. The.

Rockin gem shop off of. Sahara. I believe it is they have an amazing if you by the way tell them. I sent you um if you go it to the rock and gem shop in.

Las. Vegas off. Sahara you go to the back of the store there's a door off to your right. Go through that door and you will see some of the biggest massive crystals you've ever seen there is a quartz sphere out there.

I swear it's it's got to be at least 10 feet in diameter it's huge right. These are the massive geodes you name it they're it's really cool um they have a lot of really cool jewelry. I don't normally promote uh places. But.

I go there every chance. I get when. I go to. Vegas when.

I teach my energy healing classes or my vibrational influence classes or my hidden. Laws of. Attraction classes we almost always do a field trip to the rock shop. So if you're in.

Las. Vegas um head out say. Dr. David.

Snyder sent you uh tell me about the. YouTube channel um they're really there's a lot of good stuff there a lot of good books too um let's see here what's the difference between spirit and energy vibration it's really just it's a vibrational it's a it's a different vibrational frequency um the way it was explained to me your spirit body has substance. But no. Form your energy body has substance and form um your physical body has substance form weight depth uh and and stuff like that.

So they're each level down adds another set of attributes right. But that's why it's possible for you to expand your spirit body to touch the pole star and the core of the. Earth at the same time because anything you can imagine your spirit body can can assume that form right. It's not limited like the energy body is to shape and substance.

I hope that makes sense um get smart says hello y'all um. Parts on fire says the thought will and action is. So are you what's the name of your course that comes with your book. Which book.

Uh hearts um. FYI by the way there is a guy named. Dr. David.

Snyder or. David. Snyder who's written a book. Called speed reading your clients or customers or whatever that is not me.

I just let you know the only books. I've released are the manuals that and uh the secret orgasm tips collection that go with my my home study courses. I am working on books. I'll get them out someday um.

But right. Now uh unless you buy books with somebody's name similar to mine on it it is not me okay. Doesn't mean it doesn't have value it's just not me psychotronics is dope taking me back to. Beverly.

Rubik also does too much oh yeah she's soft and yeah again psychotronics is fun to play with. I just. I don't have time all right. And.

I don't have time to. Lug all the equipment with me uh. Jack what has been your spiritual experience with the going not too much honestly again. I focus on the my my kabbalistic practices um again.

I don't deal with entities all that much every now and. Then. I work with angels um and uh my focus is primarily on the alphabet and the 72 names that's where the vast majority of my uh my my focus is. So.

I don't really. I don't spend a lot of time on the guetica if. I'm pronouncing that properly or getika or whatever gatia. I think it's got.

Tia actually not go to you um. Revelation. I do not have identity by. Design and do not have the finances for it.

So what potential questions should or could. I ask in order to better. Target the source of the issue where you feel it and. Then ask um if there were a place in my body where.

XYZ problem where the source of. XYZ problem is located where might it be point to where you feel it if your higher mind if my higher mind could send me a feeling of frequency of vibration that would completely deliver uh eliminate. XYZ problem and give me what. I most want instead what color of colors might it send me those two will get you on the fast track it's part of the um it's part of the color breathing process we teach in the transformational.

Triad okay. Frank. Richard says. Dr.

David thank you you're most welcome get smart says nice suit sir thank you sir. David of. Snyder. I like it all right.

Liam says uh at. Doc. Daniel. Rodriguez go to his classes in.

Cali or bias secrets to self-defense class. Game. Changer my friend thank you uh what are your thoughts on non-violent communication. I think if.

I'm remember let me. Google it really quick just to make sure. I'm talking about the right. Thing actually better yet have you guys played with chat.

GPT yet it's pretty freaking awesome hold on a. Second let me get my coffee cup out of the way all right. I think it's better my friend. Matt says it's going to replace search engines very very soon my personal belief is that anything that creates more empathy and minimizes misunderstanding is a good thing um.

I would not say that. I'm a direct practice practitioner of non-violent communication. But everything that we teach facilitates the same outcomes that non-violent communication teaches right. In fact it probably does it better simply because it's it's based around the way the neurology processes communication specifically spoken in written language.

So let's see here. D showed a. I don't know what that means uh subliminal and meditation what if you can't see any images or colors doing transformational try it pretend that you do or use sound smells or tastes it'll still work. Danka what's the latest on your training in.

Spain uh right. Now we had a guy that reached out from. Ibiza that wanted us to work uh there uh we actually had two people. But.

Then we have we've heard crickets since. So now uh we're refocusing our our efforts on either. Ireland. London specifically.

Peterborough which is about 90 minutes out of. London uh or. Scotland those are the three. European locations that we're looking at my wife.

I took. My wife to. Ireland um. Last month she absolutely loved it and now.

I have to find excuses to get back there. So she can go play. So that's kind of where we're at right. Now.

But we're just probably we're looking at. London or. Ireland no. Later than 2024. um if there's some way we could fit it in uh in this 12-month cycle we might do it probably not though probably not um let's see here.

Jack says thank you get smart quick says yes. I make. AI beats a rap over them. But yeah again um.

I'm playing with the. AI the the um what's that called not it's um. API right. Now and it's it's blowing my freaking mind with some of the things it can do it's still not it's still not going to delve as deeply as humans can.

But it can give you a tremendous it can give you a tremendous leg up in organizing the material that you want to present if that makes any kind of sense uh always onward oh. So nachos oh my god seriously. I've been playing with. Jack.

GPT the whole time. I think everybody has that's why the site's down and why you can't get a um access to it um always onward is asking does making a guided meditation for yourself by yourself from your techniques effective yes. Everyone yeah the one set of words you will always trust are your own remember fundamental fact and again. I have not found this ever to not be true that doesn't mean there isn't some exception out there human beings never resist themselves and the most powerful words any human nervous system can hear at any given moment are the ones they've that just came out of their mouth or the ones they created.

So creating your own hypnosis takes your own guided meditations affirmations always going to tend to be more effective than something you learn outside of you because your body doesn't your body doesn't have um a rejection algorithm for it it's kind of like the difference between a transplanted kidney and a cloned kidney right. That transplanted kidney may be super healthy it may be doing a great job. But it's your body knows it's not your kidney and. So there's always a little bit of friction between it and the transplanted organ whereas if.

I take uh cells from your. Healthy kidney. I clone you a new kidney and. I put that in there there's zero chance of rejection because it's you you don't resist yourself okay.

This is something we need to really understand this is part of the report process if you really understand this. Then how to get. Rapport and connect with anybody and influence them become super easy it really really does um and the. Phenom the.

Phenom the principle that we're talking about is a meta principle it's called identification and it's it's get it's it's talked about under different names and different disciplines. But what we're talking about is people like people who are like themselves the more like something you become the more power you gain over it okay. So let's see here uh showed your. Echo.

Technique. YouTube content to a friend and she tried it with an elder guy and he turned out to be well you got to be careful see that's that's not the problem the fault of the echo technique that's a that's a lack of of profiling uh come to defense against the dark arts and you'll learn everything you need to know to to flag these people before you hook. Them okay. He says that was awesome um what is my opinion of the windhof method.

I think it's cool if. I ever need to immerse myself in ice cold water um. I'm there right. The fact that it's possible and that.

So many people can do it means he's got a system that works. I'm curious what else you can do with it though that would be my only my biggest question. So okay. Now.

Converse myself in ice. I have this tremendous control over my body temperature what else can. I do with that right. That's always my question what can.

I do with it always onward how can we protect ourselves from unknown stalkers or these bad very simple learn how to profile uh best class we have for that is defense against the dark arts except in fact if you go to uh the webinar. I did on. Wednesday the video is here on. YouTube in fact.

I have to edit the. First like half hour 45 minutes off of it because it was just dead space. I actually give this the most powerful profiling package. I've ever put together for people um it's face reading for.

Fun and. Profit level one it's got defense against the dark. Arch which is the course you want if you want to be able to not only profile potential. Partners in any way.

But also neutralize them or protect yourself from them that's the course to get uh. Then we added people reading for. Fun and. Profit which is all about body language and nonverbals uh and.

Then we added um three months of. The. Mastermind face reading level two and. Then a.

VIP ticket to face reading in. Dallas which we're also doing. Facebook. A small face reading seminar in uh in.

Los. Angeles. So if you want to come out and get a little primer for what that's like go ahead and click that link and come for free right. Um the.

Dallas training is going to be good for people who are going to use face reading for healing applications or coaching applications um lifestyle applications these that's what the focus of this particular three day in. Dallas is going to be on. But go ahead and check out the package we put together if the link is still there you may still be able to grab a copy of that um that is the absolute most powerful course. I've ever put together on how to stay safe and turn the tables on the evil persuasion.

Predators. I like to call them other narcissistic a-holes right. Um let's see here. I'm not into solomonic magic that not.

So much and largely because largely because there's. So it's. So pervasive in the. Golden.

Dawn and. Oto um it's just not my focus like. I said. I'm uh.

I'm focused on the bardenistic traditions um. I certainly do reference those other materials. I have them in my library it's just not my it's just not been my focus okay. I'm very happy with the focuses that.

I have um because they're fast and they're not nearly as complex um do you feel like an. AI is like a server or thought form or familiar yes. Um. Adrian is saying.

Martinez says. I seem to always hop on your live at the right. Time well. I hope.

So. P.S what do you think techno. Of what do you what about technomancy uh what about it uh. F bill kahira needs someone for.

French speaking in. Arabic countries. I'm available to be your ambassadors okay. Well it's possible uh.

V. McLeod our. Scotland and. London courses available now not yet and the only reason they're not available is because we have yet to find a venue um that's within our price range to make it affordable to people to come that's the only thing holding us back.

So if you have um suggestions or contacts to secure a good venue uh that is nice easy to get to and affordable um send it to us and we'll follow up on it. Elisa. Jay. I wouldn't ask you to put your personal business on the internet.

But. I must ask would you and your wife welcome a plus one no. No. We're done.

I've had three my wife has had two um and uh to quote an old old the mother of an old old old old old old old girlfriend of mine uh this. UPS truck stopped delivering. So um see here well uh. London.

VMA classes. London. London. London.

David actually it's probably going to be. Peterborough um which is close to. London um we looked at some other places in the. UK.

But it didn't work out um. David. Snyder is the. Michael.

Jordan of. NLP thank you. So much for that uh. Roma.

MK. David. I notice if you change your lifestyle clean up your site and connect with. Source your face changes yes.

100 percent 100 hundred percent in fact you'll get very you'll get visibly younger uh. Revelation is the echo technique effective on getting laid. God yes. By the way did.

I say. God yes. Your boy is on a dry spell well come to come to attraction. Mastery.

Next week. There's four days we'll tell you we'll teach you how to use the echo technique and more it's a co-ed class. I have men and women in the class you're going to be able to learn from each other practice with each other you're just not allowed to hook. Up that's actually the one rule we have when we do our co-ed attraction classes men and women can practice together.

But they're not allowed to get together there's a whole city of people looking for fun and excitement um go out and use those skills with live human beings in their natural habitat. But we highly welcome both men and women to the attraction. Mastery course we don't do them that often simply because. I'm focused on other things um.

But that's kind of where. I started. So for those of you who actually want some hardcore real world proven natural ways to generate attraction uh without being creepy manipulative or deceptive. I want out to attraction.

Mastery live in. Las. Vegas at the. Orleans and if you can't do that.

Then at least get a virtual ticket or a live ticket to our free three-day uh best you. Expo in. Los. Angeles at the.

Los. Angeles. Convention. Center click that link in the box and reserve your tickets um while.

I'm on that subject to be honest. I'm loving the shorts though cool that's why we put them out. I'd like to average one every two or three days. So you can we're going to keep that content coming please like and share that stuff uh let the.

YouTube algorithms know that this stuff's relevant and that we're helping people. I need your support to do that because. YouTube pays a hell of a lot more attention to what you guys do than what. I do.

I'm one person you're hundreds. So if you like and share and and put this stuff out there watch everything. Then all of a sudden our family will grow and we'll be able to do more stuff um subliminal and meditation says how does. Consciousness affect random number generators.

I don't know how it does it. I don't think. Ben and. I know for sure bill doesn't know how it works either we just know that it does now if the question you're asking is what are the techniques for that well.

Bill the image cycling works really well um. Lynn. Buchanan's stuff on remote influence seems to work pretty well uh and that's where we start also if you get the book. Real magic uh hold on a.

Second let me pull up his type the title. Dean. Ray is it. Dean.

Raiden. Real. Magic by. Dean.

Rayden in that book. He gives you literally hundreds of double-blind scientific uh studies that prove that you you can affect random number generators a healing the whole nine yards. Dean. Raiden is the guy and.

I think it's. I only just. I just want to double check this the the title for you. I really should get an.

Amazon account because. I'm making people thousands of dollars just by talking about my reading list uh hold on a. Second yeah. I think the guy's name is it's called real magic.

I. Believe by. Dean. Rayden uh and it's the whole book.

Is nothing. But study after study after study double-blind scientifically uh double-blind scientific placebo-controlled you name it my wife who has come from biotech looked at the research uh in that book. It said wow this is actually really robust. So you know.

I trust. Dean. Rayden as a researcher have you done technomancy and what were your experiences. I haven't done a lot of it um it's just another way to focus and get repetition right.

However you guys may have noticed that if you go back to my videos many many years ago every time. I get up in front of a group and uh when. I begin. I put this little sigil on the.

Whiteboard. I did that to put a whammy on the room. But. I also knew that um this video was going to be seen by thousands and thousands and thousands of people that was my form of technomancy okay.

But a lot of technomancy has a lot to do with the work you've done on yourself. So again reference uh even though it technically isn't technomancy reference once again. Charles kazimonov's work on psychotronics and you'll have a very good idea of what's going on although there's a little bit more going on in terms of if you know what an aggregor is um you're building a much more powerful aggregor through technomancy than you are with psychotronics right. At.

Roma. K. I agree with your face change comment and add face reading skills to your rep and watch it change even faster it will at least a j says worth a try what were you trying. Elisa what did.

I miss now okay. Danka please please not the. Peterborough really they're they're better play. I'm sure there are better places.

But they haven't made themselves apparent to us yet dank has been to our. Peterborough trainings like every time we've done them. So she's a little she's a little burnt out on the on the on the boat um let's see here what are your thoughts on. Dr.

George esterbooks oh no. Um no. Astro books is somebody's work if you if you're interested in the whole. MK.

Ultra mind control uh. Manchurian. Candidate stuff you need to be studying. Esther.

Brooks's work my friend. Chase um who work for the military had a huge uh security clearance. So he got access to a lot of. Esther.

Brooks's private papers uh. Erickson's private papers uh anybody dealing with. MK. Ultra uh and he showed me some [ __ ] um.

These. Guys these guys are playing with some serious. Mojo okay. Um if you really want to get an insight into.

Esther. Brooks there's a fiction book. He wrote many many years ago called uh death in the mind and if you want to know how it's theoretically possible to create a. Venturian candidate.

Esther. Brooks actually gives you some very strong hints in his fiction book. Death in the mind okay. Um always onward can you advise for always maintaining my health at best right.

Now. I've acne for two years tried remedies medications meditations spinning. Magic. Frame.

But. I still have them um have you have you focused on your diet my my intuition is that something to do with food sensitivities and something in your diet that is triggering you um. Roger. Tomlinson how you doing bro.

I'm good man uh coming up on the uh on the home stretch for this though. So see. Elisa. Jay says.

I admire you because you don't hold back or gatekeep older. Masters. I meet hold back because. I'm young wouldn't you agree the younger you are the more connected you are to source yeah from zero to five from about five on that that that training starts to diminish until you're just like everybody else let's see.

B. McLeod says. Peterborough will do oh don't let. Danka hear you say that.

David. Snyder is the. Oprah. Winfrey of self-help.

Community with book. Record well thank you. So much for that little fun factoid is that the people who run my webinar company uh and who help me build my website um actually work with or worked with. Stedman.

Graham who is uh. Thus. I heard. Oprah's significant other little fun fact toy not really relevant to anything.

But it's interesting these you know the whole seven degrees of. Kevin. Bacon thing or 10 degrees of human bacon thing. Roger.

Thomas and. Wolverhampton. UK yay buddy how do you consider a fibromyalgia can it be a psychological you almost always psychological and it can be it's psychological it can be trauma-induced for sure 100 um thanks. Edgar.

Gorge remind me of. Mark starvish okay. I'm not familiar with that name. But that doesn't mean anything uh all right.

I'm gonna. I'm gonna start putting the cherry on the. Sunday here specifically this is you put on your whiteboards forever. I have theories.

But. I really want to know everybody wants to know come to my classes be. Omega or perhaps if you click this link in your chat and you come to the best you. Expo or identity by.

Design or our face shooting class. I'll let you in on the secrets okay. I'm teasing you yes. I am because that's how.

I get you to change. I have to tease you right. If. I just give you everything over the internet you won't take the actions.

I need you to take to become someone the person you want to be right. I'm not saying it because. I'm. I.

I don't love you or that. I don't want to share with you it's because of human the the basic default programs to. Human. Nature.

I need you guys to get off your asses and take action if you want the things you say you want remember. I said the universe will always test you and that question always be comes down to how bad do you want what you say you want and that question is easily answered what are you willing or not willing to do to get it that's the secret right. There's a great book. You might want to pick up uh it's about a legendary character known as the amazing.

Adam uh his real name was. Greenbaum. I believe. I can't remember his.

First name. I think there's. Irving he was one of the he was this little five foot five guy he could. Bend steal bars with his teeth he could pull large airplanes with his hair right.

Um or is it. Joseph. Joseph. Weinstein damn it now.

I gotta. Anyway. Google the amazing atom there's two books out one is by his manager the other is about him get both of them because one of the things you'll heal if you look. Really close though he gives these little keys to how he was able to do the things he was able to do and part of it goes back to what.

I just told you the other part was he was also studying. Kabbalah. So. I will leave it at that [Music] um let's see here.

So. Dee is saying. I tried the echo technique wait okay. I tried the echo technique every time.

I met a guy whom. I had to know years. But he became more open and willing to shared a lot of yeah this is this is this is like the hidden passcode of the human nervous system if you truly want people to connect with you and and and and appreciate you the echo technique is the fastest way to do it and. Then once you're in the system remember.

Echo technique gets you in the system what are you going to do with the system once you have access to it that's up to you. But. Echo technique gets you there okay. Can't stress it enough the more.

I try to find something better the more. I come back to the echo technique period end of story it hacks everything don't believe me just go use it see what happens right. Let's see here okay. Um when you mention the book.

Death of the. Mind you're reminded of books of rape of the month rape of the mind and rape of the masses uh. P.S what some good books of crowd psychology um best one to start with is actually influence the psychology of persuasion by uh. Dr.

Robert cialdini because it's. Pro it's the. Playbook. That most um most people use to influence people on a mass scale now if you want to get into the darker more uh radical side of things there's a book.

Called. Rules for. Radicals which is all about creating these radically polarized social movements that get people fired up. So start with um influences psychology persuasion and get.

Rules for. Radicals. So. Liam says.

I will hold you that promise. I will come and ask you personally. Bravo. Amelia are you doing a workshop in.

Costa. Rica this year we do not know yet we talked about it um the problem is is that to get into my vibrational trainings you need prereqs and. So if we get enough people which means about 30 or more who qualify who are have raised their hand to come to the. Costa.

Rica event we'll do it otherwise we'll probably wind up doing something else. But we are doing a vibrational healing event in end of. July beginning of. August after.

Hypno. Thoughts live hypnosis convention. So you can take identity by. Design on the front end go through three days of the convention and.

Then do a vibrational healing um all in a row. So it's 11 days 10 or 11 days. Megamind says what would you recommend for healing spasmodic torticollis you know the person that asked that question would be my wife. Dr.

Don if you give her a call at 858-2824. I'm sorry 481 438 you'll get my clinic set up a consultation with. Dr. Don tell her what your issue is and uh she'll give you the best the best approach it'll probably have something to do with acupuncture and art though.

Arts. David. Snyder thoughts what's the best way to get. Financial.

Freedom. I just have what type of value. I could provide to be online to get there okay. Well that's the fastest way to.

Financial. Freedom my friend short of winning the lottery find something that people want provide tremendous value and charge an equal or greater level of an equal amount of value in return for it find a group of starving hungry people put your signs and messages in front of them and just keep going right. That's the fastest way to do it if you really want what you say you want right. If that [ __ ] were easy everyone would do it sometimes it it's not easy.

But it can be simple right. It's a simple formula. But most people won't get won't. First of all most people won't even do it the.

First time and even fewer people will actually stick to it right. I want you to think about something again this is for anybody who wants to be successful if you're not already. I want you to go back over my. YouTube channel how many years have.

I been doing this look. At when we started that channel how many years have. I been doing this and notice how much of what. I do is the same this year as it was at the beginning that's what.

I mean when. I say you find a formula that works you keep doing it you keep doing it you keep doing it most people don't they don't stick with something long enough to actually gauge and and customize the process to themselves and. Then they want to change it every five minutes and they just don't stay with it long enough most the secret to being successful is being relentless and. I mean that from the bottom of my heart.

I love you all you all have if you could see yourselves the way. I see you right. I'm going to create a course someday called unleash the magic. Within and it's all about blasting open the potential inside of you there's magic in you.

I see it every time. I watch. I see every time. I guide you through a process how the magic.

Wells up and changes you from the inside out you think it's me. But it's really not it's just me opening up that part of you that's. Unlimited and for that moment in time you get a transformation. But the ability to do that has always been in you it's your.

Birthright. Okay. But you gotta pass the test you gotta you gotta you've gotta be relentless and that never stops anybody who tells you that once you get to a certain level. It's.

Easy. Street. Comfort. Comfort zones are great.

But nothing ever grows there okay. Take that for what it's worth that being said. David says you should bring your wife to one of the lives please we have many questions for her. I'll.

I'll ask her. I'll see what she says. Anyway. Crohn's disease clean up your [ __ ] uh go to an acupuncturist and get a good checkup based on acupuncture you'll probably have a much better outcome thank you.

David. Snyder you are like. God on that note please click this link join us at the best you. Expo bring your questions play you know meet other interesting speakers not just me there's going to be again there's hundreds of speakers there tens of thousands of people and just do the drills and get the skills this is.

Dr. David signing off go out make your life everything you want it to be and. Then pay it forward good night. God bless have a great.
