Title: Vibrational Psychology: Intro To Five Element Energetics, Personality Types and working with Energy
File Name: tpoZqUUdOGQ.txt
Video Id: tpoZqUUdOGQ
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tpoZqUUdOGQ

We. Ready boss all right. How's everybody feel good okay. So you can use the the structure of the meditation that we've done the past two days for each of your monthly meditations you can also use it for a lot of your connection to various energies.

So the process is is always going to be clear your vessel root connect fill okay. As we go as you guys progress through your journey and in in this side of. Planet. David.

I'll show you a little bit more and more um fancy ways of doing these things the. Dallas you know. I used to make a joke to to uh to eror as human to complicate things you need a neural linguistic programmer. But let me tell you some of these.

Chinese metaphysical schools got nothing on. NLP when it comes to complicated stuff and that's part of the problem is that as some of you who've been around uh in our orbit long enough have realized that the most powerful is usually simple. But people often feel the need to add pinstriping and bells and whistles and maybe that's human nature in terms of always trying to make things more complicated than they really are or it's an attempt to keep people from actually learning the real. Secrets weeding out the people who are maybe unworthy in other people's eyes.

I don't do that. I let. God sort that out all right. So if you're here you earned it right.

Um. But one of the things that that. I came under. Revelation that.

I came to many many years ago was if this stuff was. So complicated and there were. So many steps to it nobody would have ever discovered it nobody would have ever discovered it. So it has to be at its most basic symbol and something you could actually stumble on to if that makes any kind of sense and.

Then few years. Later this guy with the. Hat. Comes stumbling in and says this is what my teacher said oh really you know and that's kind of again.

I have little algorithms and rules of thumb that. I operate by and. I'll. I'll share my little davidism with you from time to time.

But remember powerful stuff is always the simplest complicated stuff can be powerful. But it's almost always way more specialized uh and. Therefore only good in a certain situation. So we're going to begin our journey into.

Energies that are more subtle now we've been working with energy all along we've just been calling it different stuff. So one of the things that has to happen is we need to have a basic understanding of the five principles now we all understand. Fire and. Air and void and water and and metal.

Earth we understand that. But when we what we when we think of these things we commonly think of them as literal fire literal water uh literal air or metal and what we're actually talking about when we start dealing with. Advanced higher vibrational forces is not the expressions of the elements. But the principles themselves the idea if you will which is actually more important and if you can connect with the idea with the principle.

Then all of the infinite manifestations of that particular. Elemental. Force can be accessed everything from physical phenomena like you see the pictures of the shaman you know sitting in the fire or the hunas walking on lava it's not because they they were they mastered the element of fire the physical fire it's because they mastered the fire principle which is the the the mother of that expression and the way that you begin that process is no. Different than what you did yesterday you assume a basic physiology and you wait you and.

Then if there's if it doesn't happen within a certain amount of time you start adopting more and more characteristics that are similar to the. Target that you want to connect with right. We call these correspondances and that's how pacing and leading is it's course correspondence the more if. I want to get in in in deep levels of rapport with.

Audrey the more things. I can affect that she has or does the more rapidly. I'm going to attune it's all the same and that's what makes it. So powerful and profound hidden in plain sight okay.

So the. First thing we need to understand is what are the core attributes of each of the elements because that's we want to start the fire principle and. I said yesterday that the fire principle includes light and heat it has one more attribute that. I think might even be um slightly meta to that which is expansion and this is from.

Barton. So when we think of the fire element the fire is always seeking to grow it's trying to expand and move outward heat expands things right. So when we start thinking about or communing with the fire element we want to start ex generating. Sensations through each of our cortices of expansion light and heat does that make sense.

So remember. I told you on day one that there's there's a progression of phenomenology that happens when we. First begin these processes it's a purely imagined construct there's you know if. I'm in the fire element and and.

I'm in my fire pose and this is this is my fire pose there are other fire poses there's many correspond es to this. So. I want you to understand that okay. If you know if.

I teach you that that this is the our our our pose for the fire element. But when you think of fire the. First thing that pops up into your head is this. Then that's your fire do you understand your personal symbology and metaphors supersede the system because that is how you do it that will be the most most rapid organic way for you to connect with these elements and this is a big deal okay.

Because a lot of the time that we don't have success with somebody else's system is because that's not how we do it we're trying to do it their way well other people's ways are great guides. But they're not the authority because you all reach a point where only the only person the only thing that can teach you is you you'll run from teacher to. Guru to teacher and whatever and they'll tell you. I have the way and give their a little stamp of approval on your forehead and all you're a certified bodh.

SATA okay. Heal the sick uh that's not how it's going to happen right. So use systems as guides. But not the authority okay.

Because you will find people that blatantly disagree why different human being filtering the information different nervous system has a few switches some of you noticed that yesterday right. How many of you when you're doing your report drills got exactly the opposite of what the other person was sending. But you did it consistently now that's statistically significant ask ask the mathematician here in the computer guy right. If you get everything diametrically opposite that's just as statistically significant as getting 100% right.

It's showing that something is happening and there's just some kind of weird translation error right. And. So feedback is always the best approach right. If you're getting again and if you were getting the exact opposite something was happening you just got to figure out what that's a different question isn't it.

Then does it work the. First thing is is does does a change happen when when you begin to apply a technique don't worry about the scope or the magnitude did you get a change if the technique wasn't valid you wouldn't get a change after that it's just calibration and repetition does that make sense okay. So. So when we think about fire the.

First thing is we're going to we're going to adopt a very similar process to a lot of the inductions and the meditations that we've done you'll notice that. I say um imagine what something might be like right. I'll say fill the room with it wrap it around you breathe it through you now once you begin that process depending on what your what. Your outcome is or what you want to do with the energy will determine other things.

So remember that we live in in a universe that is holographic in nature and fractal in nature. But just like your brain we your brain is simultaneously hierarchical literal metaphorical and archetypal for everything you can conceive of there is a part there's a location somewhere in your neurology that mediates that phenomena because you have an organic location where that stuff can be accessed it can manifest in this plane it's just a little extrapolation you can believe that or not. But expansion and also fire is the creative element and and um wood is also the creative element. But uh from a from a hormonal perspective the fire element is more akin to the dopaminergic pathways of the brain and.

So people who have a strong dopaminergic uh pathway tend to be very sensation seeking they love they love novelty they love change they love creativity they love transformation. But it's like everywhere you can always tell a fire person because they don't like to be they don't like clothes either like when they come home from work there's a line of clothes from the door to the bedroom because they're taking off as they're getting to the bedroom right. They often they often seem somewhat chaotic because they're everywhere right. They have this massive range of interests would people are very creative very um active as well.

But they're focused there's a few key things that they're passionate about and that's where they'll get along with the fire people. But after a while they'll look. At the fire person as a. Airhead because they're all over the map they well they they what they'll do is they'll they'll they'll work they'll go over here they'll work and they'll eventually come back to it maybe maybe contrast that with a metal personality fire people start all kinds of sometimes they get them done sometimes they don't would people start and get it done metal people.

SL air people start things and keep going until they're finished and there's a difference right. If. I have to. I don't know if you guys can all see this.

But if this is my table and. I have to set my table. I'll metal a wood person will go okay. Here we go all right.

That's good enough that's done a metal person will say oh now. I understand are you already getting impatient yeah this is metal when are you going to be done when. I'm finished. I'm exaggerating just a little bit not much get it personalities always change.

I me yes. They can. But only through some exertion of outside influence or. Revelation well anything can there anything can be a trigger you got to understand anything can be a trigger right.

But what. I'm saying is when we look. At the characteristics of the elements you're all made up of all five elements. So you all have these to some degree.

But there will be a dominance a a general tendency. So to speak okay. So metal people often get a bad. WP because they drive everyone around them just as berserk as a fire person can.

But for the other reason yeah right. Can you and that's why fire melts metal get it metal. Cuts wood why because a metal person a wood person is going to say okay. This is done.

But it's rough. So the metal person has to sand it down and make the edges smooth fire person just burn that up yeah would uh would people tend to feed off a fire person's creativity. But because fire tends to just keep dissol it it wears out the wood person cuz the wood person wants to stay on this track and do and and stay focused the fire person says okay. I'm done let's go here okay.

I'm. Bor here right. Just wanted to say something she said you know she was asking about if a you know somebody's personality can change and we see that all the time you'll see a child who's outgoing and a. Boolean and just filled with life and.

Then all of a sudden you know they were sexually assaulted and now they're a wall flower they're quiet they never make any noise they don't talk anymore. So they completely turned into an extreme introvert from being an abant joyous extroverted child and their personality really changed or they just dealing with stuff well it's a react it's a reaction. But it's hand her the microphone we're having discussion now instead of being exactly um. But do the personalities really change or are they just dealing with it for the time being as trauma affecting them okay.

So let's let's. Chunk. Up one level to this concept of personality you don't have one you have personalities personalities personas uh at the risk of quoting. Chase are masks that we wear they're costumes that we put on they're liter lit.

L habits of behavior and thought that's all they are. But we just happen to have ones that we like better just like you have a favorite set of shoes or a favorite handbag or whatever personalities are just habits of thought and behavior that's all they are you acquired them your. Elemental makeup predisposed you to certain characteristics. But your environment shaped them you are not who you think you are you are far more and you're capable of way more and.

So this idea of yes. Trauma can change personalities lots of things can because anything can be a trigger you know to quote the the the great and wise. Lex. Luthor some you need to think about that for a moment some people can read dust.

ESI and come away going. I didn't get it other people can read the ingredients of it of a toothpaste bottle and. Come. Away with the secrets of the universe.

Different. Strokes different perceptions different processes anything can be a trick yes. We think of trauma spiritual transformation spiritual. Revelations happen all the time.

Paul on the road to was it. Damascus all of a sudden spent his life persecuting the. Jews or persecuting. Christians all of a sudden poof he meets.

Jesus on the road probably didn't read the book. About meeting. Buddha on the road right. And poof all of a sudden changes right.

So again getting back to this idea we want to go beyond we want to go above personality. But understand that you have the principles and. Then you have the attributes affiliated with that those will come and we'll show you ways to alchemically work with them. But right.

Now we want to go higher than that we want to be able to to get that. Rapport and create phenomenon. So the. First is for many of you this will be as far as you get for others it'll it'll you'll just.

You'll. Rock it to level three or something like that it all really depends on on how your nervous system is sensitized. So the. First one is purely imaginary if.

I if. I immerse myself in fire or. I'm. I'm in the center of the fire element and this is again.

U remember that stupid finger drill. I had you do right. You when you tap into a a frequency or you tap into an elemental principle you have to imagine yourself in the very center of that infinite. Universe of of the element and.

Then you have a choice you can draw the energy in or you can allow yourself to dissolve into it think of a an ice cube floating in a in a glass of warm water right. We dissolve and merge and blend and. Then you can draw that energy in easier. But you can also suck the energy into the into the into the form that hold okay.

Um right. Now we're going to focus on the dissolving part. So we can get a deeper feel of it and get a deeper level of. Attunement to it right.

And. So you go into you go into. State you summon up in your mind as many attributes of the fire element and our primary archetypes are expansion light and heat you imagine what what being in the center of that kind of a universe might be like this is the magic question what might that be like your neurology is going to answer you because it can't not what might you see in that infinite. Universe of fire what might you hear what might you smell what might you taste because when you see what you see and you hear what you hear and you smell and you taste what you smell and you taste there is a feeling that you get a feeling of pure fire energy pure heat and light and expansion and whatever else is relevant and and pertinent for the fire element for you and there's a place in your body where those feelings start where they grow where they spread from point to where you feel it notice there's a color maybe even a series of colors connected to those feelings what color or colors might that be for you.

First impression whatever they are imagine a brilliant ball of that energy floating above your head notice how the feelings in your body shift and change as. With. Every. Breath.

You. Take and every beat of your heart that ball of fire energy begins to grow begins to expand begins to fill the entire room from floor to ceiling from wall to wall in all points in between notice how it wraps itself around you like an infinite. Universe of fire a cocoon a shield a suit of armor insulating you protecting you from all other elements real or imagined while at the same time flooding your mind flooding your body flooding your spirit with every aspect of the fire element your mind body and soul most need and want and desire when you know you've got it breathe it through your entire being let it fill you up like water fills up a bottle like fluid fills fills up a test tube like hot air or helium fills up a balloon anchor it in. So fully.

So completely no. Other forces in the universe can turn it off or take it away not even you when you know you've got it test it try to turn it off try to take it away notice what happens instead and when you know you've got that allow that fire energy inside of you to begin to grow to expand from top of your head to the tips of your toes and all point in between and. Then it just keeps getting stronger and stronger and stronger and feel the boundaries of your body begin to expand to dissolve until all you are is pure fire you fire energy floating around you feel it moving through you and just absorb. Gra and when you're ready to come back begin that energy of that in that movement of towards consolidation feel the boundaries of your body begin to rec coales.

Feel. That. Fire energy beginning to move into the areas of your body that are correspondent to the fire element the head the heart large intestine and small intestine a large in. I'm sorry small intestine pericardium and.

Then as you begin to become more and more embodied allow any excess fire energy to flow out of your mind out of your body out of your spirit and back into that infinite. Universe of flame and light and heat and expansion and when you're more fully balanced in your self in all of your bodies notice how that energy begins to unwrap form a ball come back into your body from where it came and. Then it goes back to whatever vibrational frequency you drew it from and when you're done to scan your body notice if there's any place that still has an excess charge and if you notice any place that has an excess disch charge move your mind to that area grab it with your breath and breathe it out anybody get warm huh chills okay. Something changed right.

Okay. So some of you went along for the ride some of you just kind of listen and that's fine because what. I was really doing was describing the process for the camera best part is half of this you already know you already know. I've been teaching it to you for once uh pass send the microphone um.

So what. I what. I noticed is that um also like when my mind sometimes get distracted or anything uh like to have this like playful um make believe ability that that even though that. I come out of it to like pull myself into it and.

Then like even go deeper and like having the unlimited uh amount of like access and ability to tap in whenever. I want and. However. I want to like like to have no.

Limitation of like oh. I got distracted or anything um and. Then even to get empowered by that uh in a way like and. Then to burn away like the distraction and.

Then to use that energy like and and merge like like um to utilize that energy and to um yeah to gain more of this fire energy that's kind of what. I was doing that's fine yeah again the idea is what you do with the energy once you're harmonized and attuned to it is up to you by the way fire is always playful the the posit positive fire is always playful right. So yes. This uh kind of funny cuz when you said if there's any you know excess uh fire in your body and a moment.

I said um the fire my body is optimized chew. I sneeze and she said oh that's cute. God bless you and. I'm like energy shift that was an immediate energy shift because what will happen is as you do this you'll you'll start generating a charge of that energy and remember it's not enough to just be able to to draw energy in you have to be able to expel it from your body if it's not if it's not.

Harmon harmonious or it's causing a problem because excess energy in the body will it's like a free radical it'll find something to do and it may not be what you want it to do right. It defaults to its own natural law right. Yes. No.

You will wait for a microphone stop start now um no. Works too. So you're. So you were saying that um like a healthy expression of fire energy is always playful.

So. I mean right. Fire. I guess fire to control playful is creative playful creative.

So. I mean. I guess fire out of control tends to uh just burn things and be destructive. So in terms of it's transformational.

So. So fire is there is no. Alchemy. Without fire yes.

Emotion negative emotions especially are negative fire. So other than just negative emotion in general what are other indicators to keep an eye out for that might be like um a level of like fire that's become pathological not relevant at this point okay. Because it's not what we're training pass. So two things uh.

I. I don't feel like changing. I'm. I'm really impressed with this metal [Laughter] [Applause] setup.

I think you you you you are aware that. I'm mostly a woody person. But. I'm really impressed you're tone four that's metal oh metal okay.

Um uh. So my my. Palms my feet they feel warm and. I noticed as.

I turned around people started drinking water mhm um once you brought us out of the induction. So just having those feelings and and that imagery what's happening inside the body that it's what's level one what's the. First stage of of training purely imagine what's the. Second phase imagine with subjective experience with no.

Measurable change in heat in in in the surrounding what's level three physic change in the body yeah uh pass. Trev the microphone a microphone we'll get back to mandar in a minute he's been raising his hand like forever his fire wants to come out not my. First rodeo. Anyway um how do you yeah shock fire how do you practice fire without getting burnt.

I mean. I think fire would think you just like burn yourself and get hot and sweaty you. First start by by find by by tuning into the frequency of fire and remember we're not talking about fire element in terms of physical fire we're talking about the fire principle and. So there is fire already in you we're just shifting our.

Consciousness to that frequency. So we can get more of it and become one with it again you see we we're always connected to these elements to some degree. But it's the. Earth principle that and the wood principle that organizes and keeps us.

Consolidated. So we want to dissolve into it to get a deeper connection to it can you you can't resist yourself it's it's when you when you become fire. Fire doesn't hurt fire fire blends with fire you understand it's impossible to burn something that's already burning right. So the idea is to dissolve into this this principle and allow the attributes to to reinforce the.

B good things and to transform the negative things now we'll get into the polarities of the elements. Later we don't need to be focusing on anything other than the simple part heat light expansion right. And dissolving into it okay. To deepen the connection if we have and again if we have trouble making the leap.

Then we add other things like breathing posture mudras just like. NLP okay. So um questions on the process okay. So um let me have.

Seth uh. Bernie. I think those are the only two that. I'm going to be able to use right.

Now we're going to break you guys up into groups we're going to guide and they're going to guide you through this fire harmonization principle actually let's do it as a let's take a 10-minute potty break come back we'll do it as a group and. Then. I'll let you guys practice this individually. So you get the repetitions for working with fire we're going to we're going to do this with all the elements and.

Then we're going to come back and. Then we're going to do the same thing. But because we know it really well we're tend to go through that part faster. Then we'll start adding we'll start with mudras just um because they're easier and you can do most people are too lazy to stand right.

I normally. I would have you do the standing posture. First chill you're going to get there you can do the she's too she's very fiery by the way right. And.

But fire people are almost always small and they have pointy features they look. Like little elves most of you know who. Ashlin is most you've met you've met. Lillian right.

They're little fire they're little energy bugs just all over the place right. This woman never stops moving right. This one. I won't even talk about her fiery people also tend to have very wavy curly hair they have a lot of freckles a lot of fire obviously red hair fire right.

All right. So let's go ahead and take a a py break we'll come back we'll do another another one of the fire merging exercises. U uh 10 minutes should be again 10 minutes on the clock let's do it.
