Title: Self Defense System Seminars |  Weapons of Personal Self Defense Pt2 | David Snyder
File Name: tqs8lRpawNw.txt
Video Id: tqs8lRpawNw
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tqs8lRpawNw

You only need one stick for the. First drill only one stick for the. First drill okay. This is a very very common movement in the.

Filipino. Martial arts this is called brush check counter. I'm done. I have a thing now in the.

Filipino. Martial arts we have three basic ranges that we work in done she stand up if she extends her stick out from her body okay. If. I can strike her hand.

But. I can't reach her body we would consider that long hand or la go mano. Range it's long range with the stick okay. Certain styles of the.

Filipino. Martial arts emphasize heavy weapons and long range movement other styles tend to emphasize lighter weapons and very forward aggressive pressure it's kind of what we worked on today was that that pushing forward energy. So we're gonna stay with that theme for now. But.

But whether you're doing one of these long range movements from the from the heavy weapons or you're doing one of the shorter ones this movement is fairly universal among all basic. Escrima systems is called brush check-in counter. So the movement from this position and again. I'm not going to get big on stance work again.

I'm not a stance fascist in this particular meetup because it's too much to worry about if you get the basic movement you can defend yourself against 80% of any attack from the front actually pretty much any attack from the front it can be used with this movement and you attack that brush traps or that chain punching movement on to the end of it you have this. So now you have a protective position you have a forward aggressive position and you have a counter punching position or a counter striking position does that make sense. So the movement is like a wind as it goes 1 2 1 2 3. So if we were doing this empty hand it would look.

Like this 1 2 3 again from here with me ok. I'm here we're going to go 1 2 3 1 2 3 1 2 3 1 2 3 okay. Again. I'm gonna feel like a model okay.

One two three if the stick comes in whether. I'm at long-range or whether. I'm at what they call. Sarada or some broader range which in.

Sarada range means we can now we can now hit the body or we can hit the hand that means. I must use the. Second hand if we call this the live hand or the checking hand. So as the strike is coming.

I'm gonna move off the line. I'm gonna stop the strike as. I stop the strike. I'm gonna grab the stick depending or the hand.

I would much prefer you learn to grab the hand depending on the energy of my strike. I mean they're gonna follow through like a cut where. I'm gonna swipe up and chamber over my shoulder we're gonna work primarily over the shoulder. So slow as the strike comes and.

I go one and grab it that's my two and three we're gonna put the tip of the stick right. In the hinge of that jaw now these are foam bats okay. The. First thing that happens is the minute people see a foam bat and again in their hand they regress to six years old they start going oh.

I have seen more blood drawn with the foam bat than. I have ever seen with wood okay. Because people lose the idea of safety and it's fun it's and it's fun to get a bit more realistic with a foam weapon it gets real serious real quick the minute you pick up a piece of wood and by the way it doesn't have to be a piece of wood it could be a flip-flop it can be a rolled-up newspaper it can be a ballpoint pen the movement is universal. So it doesn't matter if it's an empty hand or you've got something in your hand as long as you can stick it somewhere you can fight with it that's the beauty of this movement does that make sense.

So the basic movement is brush check counter all right. Or brush hold strike okay. So if don't know we need a little bit of nomenclature for this. So that we don't.

I don't have to keep saying okay. Hit me like this pretty universal to most styles of the filipino. Martial arts are angles one through five if. I start with my right.

Hand forward that's the stick chambered over my right. Shoulder and. I strike out and across my body that is an angle one everybody say 1 again 1 1 notice the stick ends on the opposite shoulder if. I were to do a backhand like in tennis we go right.

Backhand strike back to that shoulder is an angle to. So go 1 2 1 2 1 2 excellent again 1 2 excellent if we drop the stick and the hit and the arm down to the hip or to the rib and we strike across the body to the opposite side that's an angle 3 backhand angle 4. So go 3 4 3 4 3 4 excellent if. Donald does stand actually.

I'll stand if done we're gonna work angles 1 through 4 1 and 1 through 4. I'm just gonna stand here like a target ok. And. Then what.

I want you to do now when. I teach you a finishing point like. I showed you triple warmer 17 back to front put the tip of the weapon slowly in that spot follow-through tip of the weapon in that spot follow-through this could be that this could be a rib shot or it could be an elbow shot ok. It's a foam bat don't be afraid to make contact.

But be respectful remember it's your partner's turn. Next right. So let's work angles 1 through 4 just learning the angles. Then we're going to teach you the breast check counter movement and we'll build off that ok.

Elbows in. Oh elbows are always in front of your body we never want to let our elbows trail outside that's bad bad stuff waiting to happen ok. Go play why does everybody want to hit me everybody wants to hit me these ladies wanting me across the room all right. Have it and everybody sweats you guys are good on angles one through four this means yes.

This means no. There will be a test all right. Let's go back to brush check counter we're gonna start empty hand against the stick empty hand against the stick why some people are asking well how do. I keep him from taking my weapon away well.

First you learn how to take somebody's weapon away don't you all right. If dawn is striking at me and. I go ha bad idea right. For the.

First thing that happens. I either have to go into my oh mode right. And clamp onto that weapon like a mother bear or. I gotta move.

So as the strike comes in boom check counter right. So slow as the strike comes in rush check counter if. I'm feeding dawn even with a knife. I feed a knife put your stick down.

I come in with a knife. Ross check boom right. Show off okay. Give her a big round of applause it's okay.

So if. I'm feeding dawn all she's gonna do now it again we're gonna work the same one through four we're not even gonna work angle five yet you put your stick down and now all she's gonna do is practice defending empty hand against the stick now if she gets no. If she sees the blade of the weapon coming and by the way it doesn't matter if it's a stick or a blade or an empty hand if she sees the weapon coming she's gonna step off the line like you saw me do. So watch again stay right.

There for a. Second if you look. At the arc of my swing that's danger zone for her that's what we call a hundred percent pressure. So it goes ten twenty thirty forty all the way up to a hundred and.

Then it decreases in danger as it travels to the end of his strike that's the. Last place she wants to be. So if she does in fact see the stick coming she sees the weapon coming she's going to get off that line all right. And she's gonna come in come in slower.

So they can see okay. As. I come in. BO brush check counter see where she puts her see where she puts her knuckles right.

In the off switch right. And notice how she notice how she how she presses on that nerve see if you just stop at the surface you'll train yourself to stop at the surface you also won't give the same degree of accuracy in activating that nerve. So when the strike is coming in when the strike is coming as she brushed check counters she's gonna place and push because now. I'm in a bad position my structure is now completely distorted and it's much easier for me to eat three that he to take me down or to run right.

And we'll again because of the cement floor. I'm not gonna. I'm not gonna emphasize takedowns in this training like. I did in a lot of my other videos we are working on getting some puzzle mats for the floors and stuff.

So once those are back we'll start doing a little bit more of the takedown stuff. But if you go to my youtube channel secrets of person. David. Schneider.

YouTube there's some videos called secrets and personal self-defense you'll see all kinds of really cool ways to make people just fall down you just touch them and they fall down right. Really really well. So his. First defense is gonna be against the angle one.

I'm gonna come in with you angle one she's gonna step bone now what if she's at the bus stop minding her own business and also now to know where that comes in boom see what happened she went into the oh position now she finishes her brush check counter right. Well right. So that's kind of why we taught what we taught right. Because hey you're either gonna see it or you're not worst case scenario is you got hit.

First or you gotta grab. First right. But let's let's not get too problematic right. Away let's start with a basic entry level we got hit we got pushed we saw it in we got oh okay.

And. Then we fight our way back out or we saw it coming and we get off the line and we practice our movement right. Then we're going to get to progressively smaller weapons things you might carry in your purse or in your. I have a man bag.

So. I have a purse too right. But we're going to work with these big movements. First because they're easy to see they're easy to do yes.

Yeah that's where a lot of people get confused a lot of times. But remember that our nice like most systems as a right-handed bias. So in a lot of systems the weapon was always in your right. Hand.

So if. I had a weapon in my right. Hand. I would want to lead with that.

So if she was striking with her right. Hand. I'd want to put my weapon between her and me right. If.

I'm empty-handed and she's coming in a straight line. I can go mirror image and it'll look. Just fine right. Unfortunately if you teach both of those at the same time it's like you know that people's eyes.

Crossed. So we're gonna stake with the basic right-handed bias because if we always think we have a blade in our hand we'll always know where to move because you can just as easily you can parry with the back hand of the blade any other hand except tricking in this way right. But you notice. I'm pivoting around my knife.

I'm not moving my knife across right. But that's again that's more subtle body mechanics it's not the purview of knife you want to come to our regular classes we'll show you all the minut stuff let's get the big stuff. First let's learn how to dance a little bit okay. So one.

Last time by the numbers. I'm sorry. I'll do it. I'm just gonna come at you.

I'm gonna come at you. So. I'm gonna come in with an angle one strike. So the person who's feeding this is your chance to get really good at the angle one.

I'm really good at aiming for those targets. So as the strike is coming in brush check slow down ruch check grab the wrist and hit boom right. Textbook. Stuff very again one more time brush check counter boom right.

Here by behind that job can we do that go play we'll come around help yeah. I'm. So amazed at how many people keep wanting to hit me with a foam bat alright. Next drill done.

So we work the we're at the angle one. So the strike came in right. Angle one. I go brush check counter now remember if you're small two things we need to do we need to compensate for the height disadvantage and we need to pull on this arm okay.

The more we pull on this arm the tighter we stretch these nerves the tighter we stretch these nerves the more sensitive they get. So if. I can really stretch this out like a guitar string and. Then struttin and smack that that nerve high probability they're going down high probability they're going down in some of my other classes.

I actually teach you to hit that. First. Then come back and hit the arm. But this is a.

Filipino. Martial arts emphasis. So we're gonna focus more on weapons work today. But again.

So it's empty hand against the blade or against the knife. I do this what if. I have a stick whatever. I have a knife same rules apply now.

So you're gonna pick up your stick angle one comes in rush check strike and when you strike using the stick you want to understand where what gives you the biggest bang for your buck the. Last inch to inch and a half of the stick will always be the most deadly you can't hurt someone hitting them with the barrel of the weapon. But it's more loss often than not gonna piss them off when we strike we want to strike with a whipping motion that causes the the muscles and this is again this is kind of gross. But the muscles and the tendons to shatter and to tear okay.

If we hit with the barrel of the weapon we lose the ability to do that lot we may bruise them significantly. So we want to always think how as the strike is coming in the strike is coming and we stop this weapon how do we position our body to get that tip right. In there and sometimes depending on the energy coming at me the tip of the weapon here this end right. Here may not be the weapon we use this is called the punya or the butt of the stick and this is analogous this is analogous to doesn't this look.

An awful lot like what we just did right. So whether. I have a long weapon or a short weapon and even if this were not a knife it's just what we call a pocket stick or even a ballpoint pen if. I just have if the strike is coming and not gonna get bone right.

I can still use that. I can use that right. This one could be a pen it could be a rat tail comb it could be your cell phone understand the corner of your cell phone fit right. In there real nice same movement you need oh yes.

I need honest. So even though we're showing you with the phone bat any web any straight object and even a curved object will do very very well. But we got to know where we're going that's why. I'm showing you the targets as.

I'm showing you the vehicle does that make sense. I mean. But there's a gazillion gazillion things we could do. But if we don't have a basic vehicle to deliver this stuff it's really kind of pointless right.

So getting back to stick on stick and we're gonna translate tonight very quickly as we move through the four angles strikes coming in. I step off the line. I stop that weapon. I check it.

I pull it in. But strike or tip strike can we do this one more time nice and slow strike is coming in. I step off the line. I stop this weapon.

First. I don't want to think block. I'm gonna use the. Last two or three inches above my hand like a punch as the strike is coming in stop mother right.

I'm gonna grab it. I'm gonna pull it in and. Then. I'm gonna finish with whatever weapon is handy that will fit in that spider yes.

Yes. Because if. I can control the hand. I control everything if.

I control the stick if they can make it wiggle around they can do all kinds of things and if this is this is one of the things this is one of the few times where you where the difference between knife and stick is important we have in a lot of the extremist systems we have really cool disarms like strikes coming in and. I go here and. Then. I come in here at night and.

I take that right. That works really really good against a stick. But if she's got she's got a knife and. I go ah not such a good idea right.

And a lot of your disarms involve grabbing that stick and. So a lot of and. Then again. I may get hate mail on.

YouTube or my sites for saying this. But you know the. Filipino. Martial arts would say there's no.

Difference between the stick and the knife and the empty hand you just saw one right. So when we train here in the school whether it would whatever we're doing the knife for us is the litmus test can you pull it off with a high degree of consistency and safety against the blade if it passes that test we keep it as something we generalize to the stick there's a lot of stuff that does generalize there's a lot of stuff that doesn't there's a lot of really cool stick only techniques right. Yes. Sir once you block it they could and.

Then again those are variations we have to prepare for right. The thing is that people get really fixated psychologically on the knife in fact one of the things that in. Systema you'll see a lot is they'll actually people who are in training will do things like they'll be. So fixated on keeping their knife they won't register these hits you can be beating the piss out of them and their pet and they will not let go of that knife right.

Sometimes tactically let go letting go the knife is the important thing to do right. Not by choice. But sometimes if you're getting pummeled with the other hand or whatever you gotta remember there's more than one weapon here right. So keeping your weapons important.

But also getting. So committed to keeping your weapon at the expense of your life not a good idea right. So they're all there's all kinda weak and play the what-if game all night unfortunately or fortunately my job here is to give you the 80/20 what 20% of the techniques will cover 80% of the encounters you're gonna deal with in a given context in this case it's funnel attacked with weapons right. So as the strike is coming in and again it doesn't need any matter whether it's a knife if.

I have a knife. I'm gonna use a knife right. See as a strike is coming in. I'm gonna.

I'm gonna stop the weapon. I'm gonna control the hand. I'm gonna pull this in. I'm gonna finish all right.

Same exact move once again stop brush check or hold strike can we do that go play how we do on time by the way okay. We got about half hour all right. So we're gonna work the angle to now and you can work it with the knife or the empty hand. So now dawn if dar will come in how much time we have left 15 minutes okay.

Angle to angle one was the forehand right. So we get we came in we went one two three. But now my position is here. I'm gonna move back here.

I'm gonna catch this knife here. I'm going to tap the back of the elbow depending on how much kind of energy. I'm using with my blade if it's up here like this and. I finished my technique.

I may come straight in if. I cut down which a lot of us do there's a tendency for us to drop the knife after the cut. I'm gonna come up right. Yeah because she's gonna drop it as she comes in with that angle to angle to that's she's gonna drop it right.

There actually this will actually cause her to hold the knife. But we could actually. But she's not gonna be able to use it because. I'm already killing her does that make sense this is a forward pressure art.

So as this dumb. So if. I come in with the two she's gonna cut that and she's gonna finish right. So she she's already in a better position right.

Does it have to be the blade no. Viking on the blade she's empty. Han and. I come in with that angle - boom boom and there.

I am right. So again angle - comes in. So remember angle one is a forehand angle two is a backhand it doesn't have to be a blade it could be a simple karate back knuckle it could be a chop right. It could be a lift a left over hand or a left hook.

They all come out and see the. Filipino. Martial arts doesn't equate the technique with the defense they equate the angle with the defense. So as long as it's coming from that left shoulder quadrant.

So whether it's a right. Hand or left hand the. Filipino. Martial arts considers at an angle - we use the same technique to defend it that makes sense it simplifies things in - in self-defense the less decisions you have to make the faster your reaction time is going to be.

So if. I told you seven different things to do against a front punch you might remember one right. Because you have to sort through the catalog. But.

I give you one universal movement that works against anything that comes at you from those angles you only have to remember one thing what angle and the movement will come out does that make sense okay. So you're gonna work the angle -. I'm gonna. I'm gonna cut this could be a cut this could be a hit.

I'm gonna stop the weapon and. I'm gonna thrust or. I'm gonna thrust does that make sense okay. Can we fall can we do that sure as the strikes coming in angle -.

I'm gonna cut check counter could be an eye jab that's the ill one everybody goes for it and if they see the idea to go ill which means. I know right. Away they're not going to do it right. But honestly the most useful.

Pro technique. I've ever learned and. I know a lot of pressure points of the human body. I know a lot of flow drills.

I know a lot of stuff the most useful most consistent technique. I've ever learned is the eye jab okay. Done properly it can actually knock a personnel all right. So let's play with that.

I'll come around and help you individually with it. But if you need to go. I know it's getting late. I want to thank you all for coming out and one more time give yourselves a big round of applause and if.

I don't get to say goodbye. I don't get to say goodbye we'll see you. Thursday. I hope seven o'clock all right.

Go play yep. Circle up. Circle up. Circle up.

Circle up all right. My spiritual guides have informed me that you are not eating enough chocolate you are not eating enough chocolate you're not drinking enough water you guys have fun you having a good time okay. A couple things we're coming closer close to the end of our 9 o'clock time. I usually reserved.

I know. I know. But. I.

I consider myself very lucky because. I got to meet 30-some new friends and. I'm thank you for that give yourselves a big round of applause you did a fantastic job we're gonna continue to train a little bit we're gonna continue to train you know as long as you want to train. But there are a few things that.

I want to share with you before we get back to it a couple of things if you had a good time tonight post good things to meet up let other people know about what we're doing if you didn't have a good time post to somebody else's. Meetup we have a couple of free gifts like. I said. I.

I never started meetups to actually create a school that's actually what you see a lot of on meetup is are people who have an idea that. I know what. I'll do to build my school. I'll start a meet-up and they.

Last about a week that is. San. Diego. Black.

Belt. Club. Kalyani's to scream. San.

Diego pressure point self defense all the meetups that. I run in the martial arts are the longest-running highest rated and most well attended martial arts meetups in. San. Diego we've been running them for close to 10 years and it started because of people like you and it started because we didn't set out to build a school it set out with.

David board off his ass in up in a strange town with lots of cool stuff that he wanted to do and nobody to do it with and. So. I saw. Field of.

Dreams once too many times and said if they build it if you build it they will come right. Well. I built it and you came and we're still here and after about three or four months of people following me around calling me at all hours when will you open a school when will you open a school. I.

Finally started a class. I said this is how much it costs this is what. I expect and if you miss one class you're done six years. Later those son of a are still here.

I can't get rid of them. So give them a big round of applause guys like. Steve doctor gone it's been a wonderful wonderful 10 years. I'm looking forward to another wonderful 10 here at this new location.

But we didn't again my agenda here is to have a good time and to teach good martial arts and for people who want to go beyond just a meet up we have that and that's part of the gift. I have to share with you tonight everybody who came out tonight gets a free one month to just come in and work out with us. Tuesdays and. Thursdays from 7:00 to 9:00 just show up there's no.

Charge nothing if you decide you you want to continue. Then we're giving everybody an introductory rate if you want everything every class we ever offer from now until the long time it's 97 a month if you only want to come two days like either for a screamer or just for pressure point work it's a it's a 87 a month for two days a week and it's 67 a month for one day week. So whatever fits your time schedule in your budget that's what we do there are no. Contracts in fact.

I send you a. PayPal link and it's like a subscription and if you decide that you you want to continue you just let it renew every month if you decide you want to you want it to be done you just pick up the phone give me a call. I flip a button and you're done you know. But.

I do ask if you do join and you decide to after a couple months it's it's not for you or whatever don't just send your subscription just give me a call. So. I know. I'm not chasing you for everyone and what.

I do wrong oh god right. So that's gift number one and it's my way of saying thank you for coming out the other one is those of you. I mentioned earlier my wife is an amazing chiropractor she just soft tissue work she is one of the leading instructors in the world in a product on a program called. AR.

T which is. Active. Release. Technique.

So if you have any eggs and pains carpal tunnel low back pain shoulder pain she coaches a lot of runners and elite athletes by all means talked to her. But what. I do. I teach people how to do everything from perform better to get rid of pain aches diseases things that have no.

Obvious cause or doesn't respond to conventional treatment everybody who comes in and. I know me to walk into my and in my clinic it's $175 an hour. But for everybody who came out tonight you can get a free 30-minute consultation with me absolutely free thirty minutes my time if you just want to pick my brain talk about martial arts that's fine you have something that you think. I might be able to help you with we'll talk about that we'll run you through a few drills to see if you're a fit for the things that.

I do and if you are we'll discuss ways that we can get your situation resolved in the shortest amount of time possible if it's not. I'll tell you that too and. I'll point you at somebody who. I think might be able to help you with that fair enough okay.

And. I still see lots of chocolate over there. So. I'm a little nervous because every time.

I have ducked over chocolate. I have to take it home and a. I have children which can be problematic. But they're not the problem.

I'm the problem. So please eat as much as you can. But either way. I hope everybody had a good time please give my noose to my students who helped out tonight a big round of applause.
