Title: 5tr2uL7IGxo.txt
Video Id: 5tr2uL7IGxo
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5tr2uL7IGxo

Uh hey guys how y'all doing everybody have a happy new year hey guys there's alfred a grand fire expert helmet schmacker evening all happy thoughts satsuna chan purish liam happy thoughts everybody welcome i had some time it's a new year's day i thought well why not jump on and be with some of the people i love the most are our friends out in planet david. So type in where you're checking in from did you do anything interesting on the new year and uh let's get this party started what do you think especially with all the nlp power purchases i made spiritual cheat awesome well thank you for your support and i hope i hope they uh they deliver the value that uh that we we we've promised actually i hope they over deliver because we usually under promise there's stephen king happy new year steven alana how we love you love you back alana uh oh my god your hand my hand oh that's the virtual background it has trouble with depth perception parish is from ohio alana's coming in from long island new york yeah uh just. So you know um there may be a little bit it may seem a little wonky for those of you who are just checking in because i'm zoom i'm i'm actually checking in uh through the zoom interface because it gives me a virtual background. So you don't see my dirty walls and all that stuff.

But uh. But there is about a 45 to a somewhere usually between 45 and 90. Second lag time between when um i i actually say something on the video and it shows up on your interface the the chats though are in real time. So by all means um i will be answering uh that way.

So and i'm only doing this through uh through youtube right. Now. So there's no. Zoomers on or there's no.

Facebook. Or anything like that. So let's see um while i have you um let me just move some stuff around. So i can maybe sit a little bit i'm gonna i bounce around a lot when i teach.

So what's uh what do you guys want to know about what do you let's see here we got helmets coming in from london satsuna's from germany liam is checking in from north carolina my new year just got a million times better well thank you liam uh rob wells 424 nashville happy new year uh grand fire expert really had a question which has been bugging me for some time how did you actually find what you know was it through books science what was it uh when you. First started where did you go i went everywhere um to be honest when um everything from me started with books and i know kind of you know hardly anybody reads anymore right. Um. But when i was when i was growing up and i started early i still i mean i i got on this personal development kick when i was i mean i was like 12 or 13. uh of course i would i wanted i was into some really esoteric topics that had at the time i had no.

Idea were even remotely related um. But everything with me started with books. Then it went to audio cassettes huge amount of audio cassettes um and. Then.

Finally when i could afford it i uh i went to i started going to seminars and and as i started investing more and more in myself and getting more resources being able to kind of spread the net out there i started seeing overlap between all these you know i have all these different things right. I'm sorry you know you have all these different branches you know you may have the metaphysics you have hypnosis you have nlp you have dating and attraction you have you know um all the occult studies that i've done and all the religious studies that i've done and they are all seen at one level energetics you know they all seem very you know distinct from each other. But as you get deeper into them they start to do this and before you know it you've got what you thought were all different things you find out when you get deeper into them that they're all one thing um they're just it's kind of like that old story about the blind the three blind man and the elephant you know one one is feeling the trunk and say oh i know what an elephant is it's long and it's cylindrical and it's big and it has two holes in the end another another blind man's feeling in the ear and he's going oh no. That's not an elephant an elephant is as thin uh rubbery uh folds and things of that nature the other one's feeling the tail or the foot and they're describing that and they're all describing pieces of the elephant.

But in truth it's the same elephant right. Uh and you're going to find as you get into as you get deeper and deeper into the things that we teach regardless of where you're coming from at it you know it doesn't really matter and i realize i'm going off on a tangent. But i think it's important an important tangent um whether you're coming into the things that we teach uh from a dating context in other words you're you want to learn how to meet and attract members of the opposite sex better you want to have better relationships you want to uh you know again regardless of your um your motivation or what you want to do with it or if you're coming in from the personal development side where you want to be more successful you want to remove blocks to your success learn how to tap into your potentials get in touch with your higher power uh whether you want to get rid of traumas or overcome fears and phobias whether you want to get better at self-defense psychically or physically right. It doesn't matter ultimately how you get here as you go deeper and deeper into the materials as you get the needs you came to get satisfied satisfied it's going to open you up for greater and greater things um and and and that's where these things start to overlap and that's one of the reasons that our technologies tend to be a little bit more powerful than what's out there a lot of times is because you get a synergistic effect where the hole is greater than the sum of the parts these things are designed to fit together in very powerful ways and.

So i know it's a little bit off tangent from from where you started. But everything starts with a book. And even before that it starts with a question which usually begins with a problem right. What is it i want to fix or what is it i want to achieve right.

You have a problem oriented question or you have a achievement oriented question and they're not mutually exclusive they're they're two sides of a coin. But it starts with a question. Then it usually wins up with a book. Now back in the day when i started like many of you out there you know there was no.

Internet there was no. There was no. Cell phone believe it or not um it was all books you know you had to go to the bookstore you had a and you had to drive to the bookstore right. Um.

But i started off very very early scrimping and saving and going to the back of these all the magazines i would read and finding courses here and there and when i could scrape it together enough money to get them i grabbed them i just did it and and. So to me that was that was kind of where everything started. So i hope i didn't go off too much on a tangent. But um i hope that answered the question um jeff's jeffrey lyle siegel says chilling literally in chicago how you doing in chicago jeff uh frank thorne says hello n-e-u um i don't know what that means king sakura we love you two snyder i'm from mali awesome um by the way okay.

I don't think you remember me actually i do remember your name my lure anime i do remember that heckler 99 from sandy utah do you need to wax your mustache into points i don't think i need to i think somebody might want me to a little snidely whiplash kind of a thing right. Uh mg says i use nlp technique you show us to pick up some chick on new year's eve well congratulations stephen king says i live a nursing home. So no. So nothing did i'm 38 too i have ms and bad lower back problems oh well do it okay.

Uh helmet schmacker where's the tan uh no. Tan brother i'm i'm a i'm a vampire in training uh actually uh you may notice um one of the reasons is i'm using a different lighting. So let me i'll show you let me just i'll show you real quick i usually use a warmer lighting i decided to try the the cooler lighting i'll switch it and you can tell me which one you like better do you like this lighting better all right. I'm not sure if i look.

Better or if i look. Am i warmer now. Anyway um i'm just going down the chat list. But it's it's not exactly in real time unless if i answer in real if i enter in the chat it'll be in real time.

But if i answer via video not. So much um see here tim nichols says hi from the uk paul deity says ireland erin gabra and all that uh spiritual qi netherlands uh happy thoughts wow liam fowler says i want to learn more of the energy side of influence since you asked okay. Give me a more specific question and i'll be happy to [Music] tell you what i can elmwood park hulk says happy new year i think you may have the guinness world record in certifications not quite. But i i i have a few i gotta be honest one of my um one of my by proxy mentors one of the guys whose material i studied really really from a really early age was a guy named dr john monterette and if you ever look.

At dr lacharet's list of his curriculum the tie if i've modeled anyone in my life in terms of the certifications and things of that nature it's probably dr john um i'm not a copy of him of course. But he was someone who who greatly influenced my approach to things um. But i've also i've been also been on the belief that the certifications are cool. But more some certifications are more valuable than others.

But nothing is wasted in terms of we talk in in the systems that i practice and and that i draw from we talk a lot about a concept known as the golden path the golden path is kind of like your mission in this life if you believe in in something higher than this right. If you either you believe you're a spiritual being and you came here to fulfill a purpose um we all have a mission that we came to fulfill and. So we acquire these informations and we we tap into these trainings that allow us to tap into our innate abilities our innate talents and uh attributes that we bring from lifetime to lifetime and they all come together for for us to utilize synergistically to fulfill our mission in this life whatever that is whatever scale that is. So nothing is wasted even the most you know minuscule certification uh or or skill set no.

Matter how esoteric or occult it might and when i say occult i don't necessarily mean in terms of like uh woo occult i mean more in terms of um just a skill set that's just. So off the beaten path that nobody's ever heard of it um these things have a tendency to all come together when you're on your golden path uh that yields a hole that's greater than the sum of the parts and that's really all if we could sum up a lot of the things that we do um in planet david is is we bring these things together and what comes out of it is a hole that's greater than the sum of the parts and it works faster and it works better. So um. So elmwood park hawks happy new year um let's see here oops happy thought says no.

Vest today well no. I i just you know i thought about wearing a vest today and i was like you know what let me just go into teddy bear mode and see what people think um i certainly feel weird without my vest. But i just you know what it's new year's day and maybe we need to be a little bit more casual. But if you guys want i'll go put a vest on i'm okay.

With that um let's see here joshua says love the new beard thank you thank you i'm debating whether to go back to clean shaven or keep it for the new year what do you guys think get smart quick says i'm feeling touch starved how to combat it p.s nice sweater and happy new year thank you touch starved um you know what if you can afford it go get a massage and not not the happy ending kind of massages. But go get a massage one of the things that in my believe it or not in my world i don't get as much physical contact with people as my system needs and this is again one of the problems that especially with covet now that people are one of the reasons people are. So neurotic is because they are not getting the level of healthy physical contact between human beings that we need we need a certain amount of physical touch healthy physical touch every day to be healthy and to be stressed and to reduce our stress levels um. So get it any way you can that's that's ethical and legal and and stuff like that.

But get it uh especially now because hey the as ironic as it seems the more physical touch you get the more oxytocin you release the more you stress you develop you stress as a positive stress which builds the immune system and. So these are things that that will go a long way towards keeping us more relaxed they'll keep us more balanced and centered it's not something people talk about they're always rushing out grab you know try this herb or do this meditation and and those are important things. But the body needs what the body needs and we are social creatures we are we are we are hardwired and biochemically oriented to to need a certain amount of physical connection with people and. So these skills that we teach in nlp power and planet david are extremely important.

But at the same time sometimes we gotta we gotta go get touched in a positive way. So you know take that for what it's worth not to be construed as medical advice. But it is something that i think um human beings need. So that you kind of want me to set me off on a tangent there.

So happy thought says we like your tangents mz asks are we as all human beings remotely related yes. 100 elana wolf we want to know trump forbidden we know you know with your super uh alana what do you mean trump forbidden i think the the writing's on the wall with this one guys um. So whether you know i'm again i got to tell you up front whether you know people ask me about trump people ask me about these guys all the time and i have to preface everything i say with the fact that i am actually not a political creature i could honestly with very few exceptions care less who's running the country uh primarily because i'm i'm a believer in the power of the individual in the in the power of a per one person to to be you know uh what's the word i'm looking for to be self-directed and. So it doesn't matter to me in the long term whether there's a republican running the country whether there's a libertarian running the country a democrat running the country um i'm going to change and i'm going to adapt to maximize my opportunities for my family for me for my business for my people which i include you in that in that whether you agree accept it or not um i'm gonna pivot i'm gonna adapt it doesn't matter to me uh beyond a certain parameter now i will say this um you know just to go again get on my soapbox again for the new year uh ice i'm i'm i'm a rugged individualist as teddy roosevelt uh would say and and by that i mean that i i believe every individual has a right.

To choose what groups or what ideology they want to they want to embrace with the concept with the understanding that all belief systems and all ideologies are and what i mean by that is they're all things that another human being made up at the end of the day even my belief system is because it's something i made up the question becomes at the end of the day does your belief system work for you does it help you to achieve the results in your life that you're looking to achieve if it does keep it if it doesn't change it to something that works that gets you the life you want that adds value to your life now why am i bringing this up because i believe that everybody has a right. To promote themselves and their belief systems. However i also do not support any group or individual for that matter that seeks to raise themselves up at the expense of another group saying you know i'm you know i'm great or you know my this group is awesome is one thing saying i'm i'm great and they suck or i'm great because they suck is not okay. That's creating that's creating what is commonly referred to as an us versus them dynamic and influentially speaking that is a big tactic that every single political operation every single social justice organization uses if you don't believe me read the book.

Um um there's a book. By saul olinsky rules for radicals and i think if more people read that book. Because it's the playbook. Of all social and political organizations um who are seeking to overthrow the status quo it's just a playbook.

That they all operate from and if you understood it if more people understood these tactics um they would be a lot less brainwashable by by these groups. So that being said trump i don't care right. There are certain things that i think that i would definitely fault on the on the liberal side and there are certain things that i would fall absolutely on the conservative side and there's some that neither the twins shall meet. But by by and large trump versus biden don't care.

But if you can ask me a better question maybe i can give you a better answer see here mz is asking did you meet your wife oh wait king sukuru says what what you just did with your hand as a purification mover right. Um describe the mudra and i will oh you mean this this is actually a stress relief mudra this one's for herpes and there's another one another variation that's for thyroid problems uh for those of you who are interested in that there's a i'll type it in the chat there's a book. Called an art called mudra yoga i'll say yoga mudra again that you might find useful has a lot of really cool movers in it and i teach a lot of major work in my advanced vibrational influence classes. So let's see here mz um did you meet your wife through your classes back in the days have you used nlp techniques on her d all the above i met my wife in grad school believe it or not she was actually um i mean did i ever tell you guys this story how i met my wife i actually met my wife over a dead body believe it or not uh if people want to know about that i'll tell the story i don't want to go off on a tangent.

But the short answer mz is yes. I met my wife through my class not not through my the classes that i teach i met well in i met we met at grad school. But i was actually uh teaching a class on pressure point work at an acupuncture school because that's a lot of martial arts i do is manipulating nerve points energy points in the body that's a lot of what i do um and she came to the training and when she and she had been lucky enough to study uh advanced martial arts um in sichuan china and when she saw what i was doing she'd never seen anybody else teaching that. But her master in china and.

So she signed up for our martial arts class on campus and she just never left right. Let's see here beats reading a good book. On the toilet yeah i kind of go with that i kind of go with that uh the grand fire expert where did you get the ideas for 3mq and analog matching i took. Your rapid attraction course i want to know where those techniques came from the idea for 3m2 the foundations of three magic questions came from a book.

Called love trances by craig ravinsky the idea of analog matching is actually something i observed from watching thousands and thousands of conversations and looking at the structure of conversation um because of my my my training in nlp i was able to to to recognize a pattern of interaction that was in alignment with rapport and in alignment with echo technique and things of that nature. So um that's kind of where it comes from let's see here happy thoughts that was an awesome question mike heckler99 says mike mandel speaks very highly of you in his podcast about it i love mike mike is awesome um we uh when we go we we all get together um once a year out in las vegas at hypno. Thoughts live hypnosis convention and i hang out with him and chris um and we just bust on it it's it's it's really cool actually i i really really like mike mendel have tremendous tremendous respect for him um and i'm actually kind of sorry that he's retired from actively you know going out and teaching he's doing mostly online stuff now which i think is great i mean he's getting up there in years um and uh yeah tremendous uh in fact i was supposed to go in canada in september i was actually supposed to go was it september october i was actually supposed to go up to toronto uh and teach class for mike's people and. Then all the coveted restrictions hit and we had to re uh reschedule in fact.

But we are committed we're going to try and get there up in 2021 we're going to try and get there to toronto and do that class that we promised. So let's see here happy thought says no. Vest today no. No.

Vets today i'd like to go into teddy bear mode this is a very this is one of my very fluffy very touchy uh teddy bear type of fleeces that my mom i think my wife got this one for me and she likes the ones with the little the little hand things on there. So got to be careful whenever i'm eating with my hands i don't get on that on my hands eddie gilbert have you helped you've helped me. So much with myself and myself stephanie thank you eddie you're welcome i'm glad it works for you i'm glad you're getting some some benefits from what we do alana wolfe says you are beautiful guys you're the beautiful ones right. If it wasn't for you i'd be talking to an empty camera.

But uh gene dineck says lighting is better now. So you like you like the warmer lighting. Then apparently jeff lyle siegel i love i'd love you to talk about hypnotic hugs how can we help people make up for lack of touch isolation and social distancing has created actually there's a really good technique called drug of choice was an nlp-based technique whereby if you understand the process you can reactivate sensations of any altered state you've ever enjoyed. So i would google drug of choice and instead of using drugs as as your source i would use the best hug you've ever had and and the feelings that you had for that and that will that will help you to stimulate and generate the oxytocin and other neuropeptides and chemicals that are generated from prolonged physical contact that going into atlantic state releases massive amounts of endorphins.

Anyway. But you can combine those two very very powerfully [Music] smurf says somerset kentucky awesome voodoo fox may all of your most magical moments multiply happier oh voodoo thank you thank you sweetie same to you same to you uh edward flores says do sessions in solana beach uh not as much anymore with the social distancing and stuff going on we kind of suspended um our in-person sessions just for uh safety reasons um when these coveted restrictions kind of die down uh we'll probably start doing them again right. Now we're doing everything virtually baram haas says happy new year sir well happy new year to you too voodoo says from voodoo fox from santa monica welcome welcome up the chat room just kind of jumped way ahead hold on a. Second i gotta scroll back up oh let's see here grand fire experts i also have a hustle you got your 36 intimacy quest no.

Did not get it from um from kenrick at all i got a lot of things from kendrick that was not one of them not one of them uh in fact i've never seen kenrick ever teach the 36 intimacy questions um what he did teach once upon a time was something called the 36 stratagems which is actually a derivative of chinese warfare tactics and strategy tactics. But i've never seen anything that kendrick put out on the 36 intimacy question i didn't even know he talked about it uh let's see here let's see here tangents lead to super good stuff cool love the no. Vest and better with you know better with no. Beards okay.

So we've got rolfing rolfing will do it i use thai massage a lot. But if you're not up to the really rough stuff swedish will work swedish will work let's see here oh wait everybody's saying keep it keep it keep it oh my gosh every now and. Then my my uh my chat jumps up heckler 99 says by the way conversation hypnosis send my uber tips through the roof it has a devastating effect on drugs in particular yes. It does yes.

It does grand fire expert i also seem to get to stage two of the mq and i always seem to forget to go on to stage three also what was your foundational book. When it came to dating and attraction speed seduction doesn't work. So well well the problem with speed seduction is that there's an over reliance on scripts and not a deeper understanding of what you're actually doing uh and most people don't have the performance skills in other words they can they can read the patterns uh and they can deliver and and and they they kind of know what to do. But their ability to uh congruently do it is not the highest and the other part with with and this goes actually for most forms of attraction and seduction systems is that there's not enough emphasis on calibration and calibration is a real long word that basically means the ability to read facial expressions nonverbal cues voice inflection tonality things of that nature because and i wrote this in my.

First book. Secret orgasm tips back in 2005 the single most important uh factor in getting any form of attraction system to work is the ability to recognize if what you're doing is actually having the effect or not it's calibration um because if you can't calibrate if you're generating more attraction or moving away from attraction you're gonna you're just you're just reciting and regurgitating these set pieces or whatever and you're not moving towards your goal of creating connection and intimacy. So there's two things that i think people need and i don't care what system you're using whether you're using some of the older speed seduction based systems are using some of the newer behavioral stuff or the more internet-based stuff i don't care you have to have the ability to deliver these things congruently and to calibrate if you're moving towards attraction and connection or away from it and that's that's this that's the one skill i see people not embracing which is why i spend. So much time on it right.

Um think of it this way and just i don't get off the attraction question a minute if you could look. At somebody and no. With a high percentage of reliability like 80 90 that they're already attracted to you that they already think you're interesting how nervous would you be about actually approaching that person and actually talking to them right. And think about it if you already knew they were attracted to you 80 80 of your of your your your your hesitancy goes out the window because you know you're not going to get rejected unless you do something really stupid or or that is that is just against them.

But most people don't have those skill sets they can't recognize attraction they can't recognize interest and. So they they see something they think is interesting and they roll the dice right. And they go in with these doubts and these intimidations and all these movies playing in their head whereas if they just had the ability to look. At someone and know with a high degree of reliability is this person open to being approached is this person uh actually interested in me or at least curious about me how you know how much of your your in your anxiety would go out the window and this is a big problem again from the from a 50 000 foot view we can always drill down on sticking points.

But at the end of the day most of what you're going to deal with most of the problems you're going into stems from an inability to calibrate the person to read them and. So we spend a lot of time on reading people in our world let's see here uh janet s hello from australia happy new year linda kendall says what do you think about raco i think are you talking about reiki linda let's see here what is your opinion on semen retention i think it's extremely powerful i've been practicing that i've been practicing semen retention pretty much since i was a teenager and it's probably been one of the single biggest energy builders that i had i mean honestly most people don't know i'm i'm gonna be 55. Next year you see it in my beard now. But if i if i were actually uh clean shaven most people would think i'm in my late my mid to late 30s or 40s and i believe a lot i had good genes to begin with right.

But i think a lot of it does have to do um with the ability to recirculate and and and not waste your jing as we talk about in the taoist systems the chinese martial arts things of that nature. So i think semen retention can be important if you know what to do with it right. Um. So i hope that answers your question um uh liam fallon i'll go more narrow instead of general are the principles behind state control the same as across the room influence i'm not sure how to phrase it everything starts with state control everything starts with state control if you don't know how to control your state.

Then the ability to get rapport becomes random and by definition uncontrollable at best and here's what i mean by that if you've ever gotten rep when we look. At rapport rapport is a two-way connection okay. And there's two aspects to energetics that you have to understand if you want to take the concepts of rapport that nlp embraces or sailing or eriksona hypnosis embrace there's two aspects to energy there's amplitude which we call a qual a quantity scale and. Then there's attribute or um a quality scale.

So quantity and quality are the two big factors when we start talking about energy when you're setting up a rapport connection with somebody you are tuning into that person you are taking on the vibrational frequencies of the human being and that's a two-way connection the problem of course is there's an also a quantity difference that we have to understand and and it's very easy to understand when you when you have a cup of water in one hand and a cup and an empty cup in another and you put the energy and you pour both you know you pour both into a. Third container does the water stay on the side of with a couple that was full or does it spread out right. Energy like water tends unless it's programmed and it still takes a lot of will to program it energy left to its own devices will flow from a higher concentration to a lesser concentration okay. And.

So and if you create that rapport connection you've basically created a straw that where the energy can like you have an empty cup here and a full cup here you run that straw here the energy is going to go like this and. So what happens is if your energy level is higher. Then you will send more energy along that report connection and that person will start to take on your attributes okay. But the inverse is also true if this person has a greater quantity of energy even if it's of a lesser vibration and you set up that report channel that energy will backflow to you and you will start to get sucked down to that person's energy level okay.

You will take on more of their attribute than they will take on of yours and the balance will be somewhere in the middle and. So one of the things that has to happen is you have to make sure that not only do you have the ability to match somebody's frequency which is what most classical report techniques are doing that's really what they're doing. But if you've ever gotten rapport with somebody who's on their period having a blood sugar issue having a really bad day or under a cold to use do they do you suddenly feel better when you get rapport with them or do you suddenly start to have your energy getting sucked away and the reason for that is is because you've got this vacuum system that's been created and it sucks your energy out to raise this person up to find a level. So yes.

You'll be in rapport. But you won't necessarily be in control and that's why you have to have state control. First because if you understand how to do state control you can intentionally amplify not only the vibration. But the quantity of energy that you're generating.

So you can you can modulate and manage that report connection if you don't have if you don't have state control you are at the mercy of whatever rapport that you get and. So we spend a huge amount of time just like the whole body reading our body people reading aspect we spend a huge amount of time on the ability to control state because that's the part of you that just keeps getting more powerful right. And if you don't have it you're at the mercy of whatever connections you make. So i hope that that helps happy thought says teddy bear mood looks good okay.

Jeffrey says reiki is right. Up there with mesmer's bucket it suggests if therapeutics masquerading under a false premise okay. Limitless says you look. Awesome thank you reaper eye says hey david love your content i have been watching your stuff for the past couple weeks and i've fallen under your amazing spell i want to ask you if any content regarding bad habits um yes.

Tons of it we treat bad habits the same way we treat any form of reprogramming the subconscious mind. So any of the identity by design techniques and color breathing techniques will go a long way towards helping you to neutralize or depotentiate a bad habit. But. Then you have to cognitively create an alternate habit you have to substitute a behavior not just a state.

But we find that getting rid of the original reason why we developed the bad habit in the. First place goes a long way to helping us reprogram a better one. So let's see leonidas says looking good man ron purdy says clean shaven stephen king says keep it and let's just keep it alana says keep it josh goodlow wow is that your library yes. Actually it is it's a it's a screenshot of my library which is actually downstairs uh and once we get the renovations done downstairs i'll be doing more of my more my events in front of my actual bookcase and i'll have a lot more room to move around.

So keep the beard leonardo says once a week mark goes half and half jeannette says keep it for the new year shannon middleton says yes. Rolfing gene dennis says love them okay. We talked about gene already love the no. Vest and better with no.

Beard lowell says no. Vest i love it knew it was something different uh get smart quick says thanks for answering my question helmet smacker says keep the beard it makes you look. A little like satan oh thank you allegra says hello i love hugs queen of queens new york says your hair is your antenna see what else happens she's not wrong actually um monkey c monkey do happy new year 21 atlanta says bidner trump again don't know what that means vb how do we reduce anxiety during the new year lots of trance work um thinking about things you love that people not thinking about people you love physical connection is as good as you know with people who are safe to have more physical contact with these all go a long way towards helping you to balance the anxiety let's see josh says how we are we are all related and connected look. Up a demaxian map and.

So you know what that means i don't know where dymaxion map is me too can't give our power away okay. So the grand fire expert says the thing with speed seduction is that when i whoop out the patterns it gets really weird like some old poet do you have any way to take out the weirdness out of it and how do you elicit the process. First of all i don't use speed seduction um the way it's i don't actually use speed seduction the way it's taught it's not a good it's not a good system to start with you're actually better off starting with something more like a double your dating approach or a mystery method approach and. Then picking up the language patterns and injecting the language patterns after you've created intimacy trust and connection or after you've after you've created comfort and fun and playfulness um.

So i don't i don't actually advocate speed seduction at all um as an approach tool it actually it actually makes more people come across as creepy uh rather than attractive. So it was good for its time. But there's better technologies out there now. So in terms i believe.

Anyway. So um let's see here joshua says self-directed true yes. I had one question regarding the dti protocol when you choose a person with whom you want a dti can you upload their physical abilities to yourself as well for instance become faster more powerful you can you can create a mirror neuron template in your system that if you actually uh do the activities and you you remain immersed in the activities that this person represents you can start to acquire and develop those physical and psychological attributes. But again dti is powerful.

But it does take setting it up properly and doing it consistently and one of the things i'm going to recommend is that when you start applying dti you only reference materials by the people who are expressing a high high that high high level of skill let me explain what that means um back in my in in the early 90s i developed this this ability i didn't know i mean i know i knew what i was doing on some degree. But i didn't know all about what i was doing i i i earned the this is back in when i was running my martial arts schools i earned the nickname from my students called the video sensei how i propose right. But one of the reasons was is i could take a martial arts video and i organically developed this process of being able to immerse myself in the content of the video and within a very short time usually a week or sometimes less. But usually around a week i could actually demonstrate and exhibit the the same level of skill as the person in the video and and.

Then i would go into my am i going to cry school and i would actually teach it and i would and i would and my dti was. So often. So deep that i would actually often mimic the the the speech patterns of the people teaching that i was learning the technique from and one of the reasons that works is because you have to immerse yourself and become. So absorbed in the video content of what you're watching that when they move you feel it you actually it actually creates a powerful think about if you've ever watched a video of of someone going over a roller coaster back when we had you guys remember when we had movie theaters you could actually go and sit and watch like these little trailers and stuff ahead of time and some of the old movie theaters they would have this thing where you would have this this little film roller coaster and you'd be moving all around every time the screen would go you would feel like the the lurch in your gut as if you're actually going over um the roller coaster itself that's a mirror neuron phenomenon and.

So one of the secrets to doing really really powerful video learning is you have to look. At the video like it's a movie not not like like an instructional video like that that you're going to watch and learn something from. But more like a movie that you're going to watch for purely entertainment purposes and you must do it over and over and over again with absolute absorption to the point where when the person you're whose physical skills you're seeking to emulate in the video moves you can feel your body suddenly moving a lot of us do this when we're watching like boxing matches or uh mma events where we're just. So into it and the guy throws a punch and you feel you you you kind of find yourself uh unconsciously moving that's that's an indication of mirror neuron engagement.

So here's one of the things that you got to do when you're doing and mirror neuron engagement is a big piece of dti. So again for most people doing basic dti will create a template in you that will only be followed if you do the physical practices that the person demonstrating that you've templatized are doing okay. You can you can create the potential and to some degree you can create a very powerful skill set. But if you don't engage in the activities of the person it's moot it's not going to it's not going to manifest it's not going to grow the other piece is is when you rev going back to what i was talking about before like a lot of us we watch marshall we if you're a martial artist i'll use a martial arts example a lot of us buy videos from these high-level instructors have really powerful skill sets and.

Then we go to our martial arts class which is usually somebody who's not at the same quite at the same high level as the person in the video one of the things that happens is if you start having too many templates that are not at the same skill level you dilute the skill sets. So like a lot of people like to watch videos of themself uh to improve i recommend you don't do that i know it's weird um and in certain contexts it's fine. But if you're doing it if you're coming at things from a mirror neuron perspective you get a garbage in garbage out kind of a process if you're doing deep level dti you must only only reference high level people keep your heroes right. In front of you all the time they become the benchmark they become the litmus test not your teacher at your class not uh not your peers.

But the people you actually idolize whose skill sets that you want to embrace those are the those those need to be the standards that you're measuring up to. So i hope the people who need to hear this hear this these are the things that i've found through trial and through the scientific validation in certain areas that are going to lead to an increased level of success and a faster degree or level of skill development. So i hope that helps um jkk jazz says there's this live yes. It's very live mz hypnosis and american and americans got talent for real because they forget everything just happened yeah yeah a lot of times uh when people are are natural subnamed list they can have spontaneous amnesia for things um hold on a.

Second i just got a message from the wife oh looks like i'm going to be able to spend a little bit more time with you because uh my pa my wife has some emergency patients that she's going to need uh to to handle. So i have more time to spend with you. So i hope that i hope that i hope you don't mind that uh laura thompson says amen joshua says what's the name of the book. Again uh love trances by craig robinski uh any tips of those trying to fight depression during these lockdowns i think i just answered that ace of fate says dr snyder i feel clueless going into the near how might i reorient myself.

So i can decide what i can do to adapt and take a different risk to make money and survive like ace of fate's this the most powerful thing you can do is ask yourself different questions okay. So start by reframing the problem uh what do i want. First of all and. Then what are my opportunities for getting it what what resources do i have take an inventory of yourself what are the skill sets that you have what are the things you want to accomplish what skill sets are necessary what action steps are necessary uh to achieve those things and.

Then just keep changing what you do and how you do it until you find the formula that works it sounds a little trite it sounds a little overly simplistic. But honestly it's the ability to look. For opportunities where most people only see limitations or setbacks that is the biggest and the relentless determination to look. For those and a lot of it comes down to seeing the world through the eyes.

Of an opportunist as well as asking yourself better questions and here's the big one this is the one that most that screws most people up don't try to get back to the good old days okay. A lot of people say uh you know we talk about them you know with the whole. Last 2020 year of covin you know the the new normal and everybody wants to go back to the old normal there will never be an old normal you can't go back okay. And uh i'll you know many of us remember um something called 911 where the world changed and we were already and you know we were just waiting to get back to normal things never went back to normal guys there when when you have a world altering event like this the world itself resets you can't go back you may you may have analogs to those past events.

But you can't go back and that's a big problem for a lot of us because we want we we we don't embrace change very well human beings as much as you know a lot of people like the new and improved when we when we reach a comfort zone and things shift and go shitty on us we want to get back to equilibrium i'm going to suggest that you embrace the idea that there is no. Going back nobody's going to save you except you you can only go forward and if you do that you're going to find you're going to wind up turning 2020 into one of the best years that you've ever had why because you're not looking to do you're not looking to repeat the past you're looking at ways to modify and optimize your future by focusing on the present right. So again you gotta clear still gotta clean up your you still gotta have a sense of identity that says you deserve to have it and you still have to take the appropriate actions. But a lot of us are trying to move forward while looking behind us we can't do that we have to look.

At the now we have to look. At what's going on now and say how can i optimize not how can i survive not how can i just get through this right. How can i just bide my time till things go back to normal that's not going to happen it's not if you just accept that that's not going to happen and that you have to work with the net what you have now and optimize what you have now even if if some things do go back to the old way you're still going to be ahead of the game right. But if you're just biting your time waiting for things to go back to normal you're actually losing right.

There's huge amounts of opportunities out there. But you have to be willing to become the person who deserves to have it and the only way you can do that is by changing you and. Then the actions you take as a result of that. So isn't the status quo simply brainwashing we all share in some cases yes.

Uh depends on the context chris um status quo is a baseline. But there's a lot of groups out there that are members of the status quo and there's a lot of groups out there that are disaffected they're on the on the negative side of the status quo and they're seeking to flip the script they want to become the new status quo and turn the others the people on the other side of it into the less than. So and they're all doing that they're all doing that they're all running from the same playbook. That's uh rules for radicals and if you understand those rules you can you can spot these behaviors everywhere the.

Second in the. Second piece is zeroing out the emotion that people are trying to generate in you. So. Anyway um let's see here walk the middle path take the best leave the rest david goldsberry says interesting richie havens freedom made it all up right.

There on the stage freedom okay. Not sure i feel like a motherless child uh david can you elaborate on is there a question there um what happened to the live event that i did at the beginning of. Last april uh laura i'm not sure what you're talking about there centrism is just the popular illusions i don't know what that means um what do you think of senior detention oh i think i asked that can you actually transmute sexual energy yes. You can actually shoot um see here let me jump down to the bottom i'm going to skip some questions.

So i can kind of be more current because see where this is okay. Here we go. So uh let's see here happy new year grand master david happy new year daniel dtisd trans deep trance identification is actually the name for dti um he rod happy new year dr david and everyone shinji liang says it does help a lot actually okay. How do you become more extroverted pretend you like people find people who have comment here's the secret about introverts how many people have here would self-identify as an introvert just go ahead and uh and and type in the chat if you self-identify as an introvert i'm going to teach you i'm going to teach you a quick and dirty way to become extroverted and it doesn't mean drink heavily okay.

Quran vasanani says you are lovely love from india love back karon karen uh freddie murphy hello david happy new year happy new year ferdi yay more time with david uh i've been grateful says wish your wife the best with her patience my wife uh is an amazing practitioner in everything that she does she actually developed uh and again i won't name her sources. But she developed a seven for each level of kovich he developed an herbal formula that counteracts it or modifies it. So she has one for prevention she has one for stage one stage two all the way up to like the um the uh what's the word i'm looking for cytokine storm that a lot of time causes people to have the really bad reactions to the virus and she's and that's actually one of the things that actually saved her business was she pivoted she's an amazing herbalist she found out what the formulas were that were natural approaches to covid and in addition to chiropractic and acupuncture she started selling the whole set and it really changed her business okay. Here um chris penn says brilliant hi from uk hey chris uh happy new year to david's wife too i'll pass that on uh a lot of thanks dr david you're welcome my friend uh mastermind money all right.

Rip mf doom not sure what that means mastermind. But okay. Rest in peace i don't know what what doom you're referring to um daniel asks do you david have do you have any opinions on emanation techniques regarding the exhales involving the lower lung function more effectively daniel i don't understand that question if you could re-ask the question maybe i can give you a better answer kit james that was just what i needed to hear when you said keep your heroes in front of you you're welcome kid and there's actually some very powerful uh studies in object relations theory that actually supports that same idea you will perform better in front of pictures of your heroes than you will um not okay. Agnes says dr don and david both working new year's day hardcore well i don't consider this working i mean i know i am.

But i consider any chance i get to spend time with you um to be a very selfish thing because i i enjoy it. But this goes back to people were asking about how to become an extrovert the fastest way to become an extrovert is to surround yourself with people who are interested in the exact same things you are do you ever notice that when you're in a room full of strangers um you don't really want to talk to anybody. But when you know that the people there are interested in the exact same things you are and they're as passionate about the things you are the flood gates open quick and dirty way to do it okay. You can also do sub-modality interventions from nlp and things of that nature.

But you actually have to actually model and take on the physical behaviors of extroverted people okay. Let's see here best is yet to come power of now let's see here uh erod how do you reinvent yourself in this new world we're living in terms of relationships and career um again decide who you want to be you know taken take it. First of all decide who you want to be. Then take an accurate assessment or accurate inventory of what and who you are the skill sets traits qualities belief systems and attributes that you have and look.

At who you want to be and make a decision as to what is just what's what is needed to change to to for that new version to manifest and. Then actively step set up set about developing and harnessing and grooming and um amplifying those traits qualities and characteristics within yourself certainly we have a lot of material to help people do that on the identity side. But at the end of the day you have to take the actions you must actually get off of your ass and do things differently and i'll i'll tell i'll teach you about a really quick phenomena that tends to hold people back especially when they're trying to transition from the person they're comfortable being to something else it's called the spotlight effect the spotlight effect is this sense of self-consciousness because the per like that's the i'll use an example like the echo technique now most of you know what the echo technique is right. If somebody if i'm talking to somebody the most powerful words they can hear are the words that just came out of their mouth.

So if i echo their words back to them they will like me they will trust me they will tend to bond with me faster. But as the person doing the echo technique you know in your heart of hearts that it's not your normal natural organic way of communicating with people and. So you become it's obvious to you that you're doing something weird that you're doing something different from how you would normally communicate and there's a part of you that believes and operates under the assumption that if i know i'm doing something weird that i'm not doing something normal that the person i'm communicating with will know it too and. So you start to put a little spotlight on yourself and you flag yourself in your own mind as doing something weird or that you're going to get caught and largely in application it's just not true it's just not true especially if you embrace the mindset and the ideologies and the context and perspective that we teach in addition to the echo technique it makes it impossible to get caught.

But the same thing happens when you start to express behaviors or belief systems or modes of expression in general that are different from the the normal you that everybody accepts a you generate a spotlight effect in yourself and other people have pitch and hold you into a certain way of being and they feel threatened they feel confused when you start to generate behaviors that don't fit and. So we start we get into what we call an nlp of frame war where you have this new identity this new reality that you're you're seeking to create and you have people who have framed you in a certain way that want to keep you the same and. So this is one of the reasons that a lot of people don't take the actions that they spend all this all these time building the foundations for is this spotlight effect and if they just understood that it's normal that every single human being on the planet who tries to make a change or who endeavors to make a change will experience it. Then you realize you're not doing anything wrong and that you're not going to get you're not going to get flayed you're not going to get lambasted to the degree that you think you are yes.

Peop some people will notice a change some people will feel threatened by that change. But by and large those are the people who are not in alignment with the person you want to be and if that's the case you need to find a way to remove those people from your from your life. Anyway and that usually is self-correcting those people will either accept the new version of yourself or they'll move on and create a space for somebody who is in harmony with that new version of yourself that you're seeking to create and it sucks because we don't like to let go of things we don't like to let go of relationships that we've had for 10 20 30 years because the person we are now isn't in harmony with that person i was 10 20 30 years ago there is some discomfort involved if if this were easy everybody would do it. But they don't because a nobody explained some of the things that kind of hit you in the background right.

Because they don't spend as much time you know exploring themselves right. But personal change personal transformation is what this channel is about it's about empowerment and it and it's about learning the ins and outs of these things and hopefully bringing out a few key pieces that make all the difference and one of the big ones that i see just like when we talked about seduction and attraction and things of that nature is calibration and knowing what are the internal gain the inner things that will hold us back and how to and how do we are they normal are they does everybody go through these and and how do i and what do they mean in my new world paradigm right. And when you change the meaning of these uncomfortable feelings you change what you do about them. So reframing is is a big piece of developing the person and becoming the person that you want to be um okay.

See here um okay. I think um uh out of there he's my favorite rapper okay. I don't know who that is. But um grandfather expert says i can show this uh says the secret orgasm tick book.

The secret your secret orgasm tips book. Was amazing do you have any other books i could get in what context grand fire who is mf doom is he a rapper was that what i was seeing uh elon wolfe says share the covert natural herbs that you can buy can you buy it online um no. Well you can order them from my wife and she can have them drop shipped to you. But as far as a company we get our herbs made our customized herbal formulas made and shipped to the clinic or we we place the order with the herbal for companies and they drop ship them directly to the patient.

So for those of you who are interested in the covet herbs um i don't have the prices or anything in front of me. But if you're interested um in that let me know and i'll talk to my wife and maybe we'll do a video or maybe um i'll just set up a page where you can order the herbs and. Then she'll have them drop shipped to you would that be something you guys would be interested in yes. Yes.

Doom was the rapper who died okay. Thank you for clarifying that because i was like man am i really out of touch or what let's see here rebecca says i'm getting exactly what i want movement's life says okay. Waiting for how to be an extrovert did that question on what i said make sense to you nick canning says david you say everything is bandwidth could 5g be weaponized to control our emotions and thoughts through its bandwidth i would say probably possibly um is it probable i don't know i don't know enough about the science of vibrational mind control from a technological side to uh to say. But i think targeted emf weapons are or tools of that i think they could absolutely uh is it pos is it plausible yes.

Is it possible yes. Is it likely no. I don't i don't think it's likely. But i've been wrong on things like that before.

So. So daniel stabos um gene dineck says would you please give us how to contact your wife's site to herbal remedies and does she have classes she does not have classes well she has one class on um on uh food sensitivities and and cleansing for those of you who want uh let me get her if you want i'll give her the let me let me find her website i'll post a link for you guys just tell her david sent you. So she uh she knows who to be uh action performance care actionperformancecare.com here we go this is this is my wife and i's clinic clinical website and you can also get the phone number uh if you guys are interested in the covet herbs give her a call leave a message and when you leave your message make sure you leave your contact information and. Then the staff will probably reach out to you and maybe dr don will directly um and um we'll we'll get you the herbs if i'll tell you what i gotta be honest i you know historically every year since as long as i can remember i have gotten sick i've gotten a really bad usually get a case of the flu or or really bad respiratory infections right.

Up from november to like january i usually wind up getting some kind of uh cold and this year is the healthiest the healthiest i've ever been in at this time of year um and i think a lot of it is because of the herbal supplementations i've been doing for the. Last 12 months um i'm a big big believer in herbal supplementation. But it's also about knowing what herbs are um i think you know the chinese always embrace this concept of food as medicine and the and the and if that's true. Then the inverse is also true certain types of herbal medicines can be good foods and.

So when you want longevity when you want to be youthful and healthy as you age the whole is greater than the sum of the parts there is no. One thing that works it's a synergy like all the other technologies that we teach you. So you can do all this qigong um and without the the foundation the material substances for the body to actually rebuild itself um you have a lot of potential you're not tapping yes. You'll get some benefit.

But if the material substances aren't there the natural building blocks. Then your body can't harness the potential that it's generating the inverse is also true is if you're just taking these herbal supplements. But you're not doing any kind of alchemical practices you're not transforming your negative emotions you're not getting rid of negativity uh you know embracing a low you know a heart centered or a an empowering lifestyle. Then the herbs can only help.

So much. But when you get all these pieces together properly just like pointing to where you feel it reaching out and touching it all these things that we do you get a hole that's greater than the sum of the parts. So i'm a big believer in in that synergy and understanding because i spent decades thinking oh if i just have this one supplement everything will be fine it doesn't work that way it has to be a lifestyle it has to be a mindset and. Then when you when and there's a time period there's a temporal element that has to be satisfied that you can shorten it.

But you can't eliminate it because you live in a in a time-based reality right. Now um. But. So i yeah i went off on a i went off on a tangent.

But uh let's see here uh ace of fates thanks for your wisdom uh stagnant gas is when you deep exhale to reduce carbon in the blood by elevating oxygen okay. I still don't understand where you're going with that daniel for those of you who want the clinic's phone number it's 858-481-1438 um. So go ahead and give them a call and uh i don't know i don't know what i don't know if you i would recommend you get the whole set of herbs not just one um with an emphasis if you're going to order more than just the basic set load up more on the prevention side on the prevention herbs because you'll use those more um and again i don't know what the prices are because i i don't pay attention to those things agnes maria says dr don holds. So many keys get her to teach us sometimes what do you want to learn all right.

Tell me what you want to learn and i'll ask her to to come on right. Laurie tittman asks what does renegade hypnosis refer to are you talking about renegade hypnosis in terms of what we do in planet david are you talking about renegade hypnotist which is what my former mentor mark cunningham his brand asked me a better question i'll give you a better answer uh liam fallon says total tangent. But where can i go to learn your systemic technique well you can learn it from me or uh i recommend you go to kevin sukur who was my teacher out of montreal www.kevinsupport.com he's got a great youtube channel huge amount he's he's very prolific um and he's really given me the best of both worlds in terms of my system my approach to an understanding of system of russian martial arts and martial arts in general um he's really probably the best a teacher that i've run across um and i think that's important to hear daniel says i'm not sure what i'm at sorry i'm not sure okay. Well when you know what you're asking daniel ask it and we'll see what we can do about learning it christina hemingway says transparency okay.

Suzy keezy says no. Vest yeah i went teddy bear mode today how do you make yourself talk more find something worth talking about take become genuinely curious about people and ask them questions echo their responses ask more questions limitless car says deep transit identification can we please get more about the rapport thing the energy thing how can we control it how can we receive energy and not be drained how can you receive energy and not be drained they're kind of opposites aren't they uh i did i did quite a bit a little a little exposition on on the rapport and the quantity and quality scales uh and i think that'll give you a lot of um insight into how that works. So go back to earlier part of the video uh when we're done and i think you'll find the answers you're looking for um maddie mob says please talk on dyslexia how does someone with dyslexia find their purpose and talents well. First and foremost dyslexia can be trained out of you uh using some of the nlp techniques um i'm actually a little bit dyslexic believe it or not um which is why i don't spend a lot of time on math.

But there's some if you if you if you uh google search nlp and dyslexia you'll probably find some really good nlp style interventions for retraining how you do uh visual orientation by the way um dyslexia almost always goes hand in hand with being a bad speller and a lot of people who are bad spellers uh do it because they learn to spell phonetically rather than visually. So there's there's an interplay there also i see a lot of times people who are highly kinesthetic uh who are often classified as adhd uh tend to be a little bit more on the dyslexic side. So there's some there's some correlations there. But the training process would be the same it's a retraining process okay.

Um i think you could probably also benefit um from some hypnosis some actual hypnosis suggestions for your neurology to rewire itself and along those lines i think if you got a a neuro a neural feedback device like the versus or neuroplasticity device like the halo sport you could amplify the neuroplasticity of your brain and through certain exercises and drills you would be able to train yourself out of being dyslexic faster. So i hope that helps trent young says hey david how do you know that you are now self-aware or self-awakened and through which ways can we tap into the self-awareness self-awareness is a continuum it's you know everybody is self-aware to some degree consciousness expands or self-awareness expands as consciousness expands in fact they're almost synonymous somebody who is progressively highly self-aware tends to be more conscious than somebody who isn't and. So the the the way to begin to do that is through a process of introspection and discern discernment and distinctions exploring sensations in your body and asking the body certain questions and being aware of the responses it generates both in terms of thought process in terms of feeling process um it starts it starts to it it evolves as a process of becoming aware of things rather than looking for things and that's one of the big challenges i see for people who are seeking to become more conscious is they make a decision about what they want to look. For and.

Then they look. For that and what happens is when you go looking for something you've created an ex an expectation of what that's supposed to be what it's supposed to be like and. So you filter out anything that doesn't match that expectation. So one of the one of the ways that we start to become more conscious is to become aware of patterns the way we start to discern patterns is by stop by actually directly stopping the looking process and expanding our awareness to what we notice how do again we patterns arise we don't look.

For them it's it's a very positive it's very hard to describe. But when you look. For things you tend to miss everything else whereas if you expand your field of awareness and just notice what arises the patterns will start to emerge. So if you look.

For samenesses. First and. Then sort by differences afterwards you'll tend to be able to see patterns faster okay. So i hope that helps and annie paris says liam i i i miss what okay.

Annie parry says liam i get told that too and i'm way too peppy thank you limitless okay. Myth is discalcula now i don't have a problem with the calculations i just get the numbers backwards and. Then my calculations are wrong because my numbers are backwards not because i miss added how do i get the virtual background on for yourself you should go to your z um if you d if uh yeah i do mine through zoom zoom youtube doesn't give us the option for virtual backgrounds. So i i type in i go in i log into youtube through zoom.

So i can do my virtual background otherwise you'd see my bare walls behind me and stuff like that which my walls aren't bad i mean it's just it's just not as cool as the bookshelf. So laura thompson says how can i regrow optic neurons and correct septal optic dysplasia laura i would have to say start with some herbal formulas as well as um stem cell work again these and nothing i say by the way should be construed as a medical diagnosis this is what i might do if i were going to regrow are we going to try and regenerate optic nerves. First of all herbal supplementation b neuroplastic amplification. So that might be using a halo sport device it might be through oxytocin dumping it might be through acupuncture things of that nature and direct suggestion and.

Then if you could stop if you could supplement with some kind of stem cell stimulant now there's two ways to do that certain herbal formulas have been shown to to actually accelerate and uh stimulate stem cell production and. Then of course you could if you have if you can afford it get stem cell injections um that if you can find somebody willing to do it you may have to go outside the country for it um stem cell injections to help regenerate those nerves. So again synergistic approach no. One thing is gonna is gonna is gonna give you everything.

But when you bring them together the right. Way you can often get a hold that's greater than the sum of the parts. But you should definitely be consulting physicians and experts in these fields rather than attempting it solo okay. Um hardware says i've been told i look.

Like a lesbian what do lesbians look. Like hector 99 what was your personality like before all the self-improvement i was a dick i was an insecure self-centered egotistical uh socially inept dick um yeah uh nathan meyer says yeah i agree yeah i was a dick no. Uh neil calmetto guitar tuition the telford guitar teacher sameness. Then difference is a fantastic for teaching music yes.

Hardware says i'm not even a female oh interesting. So tarus theophinus says hey david any specific tips on how to deeply know you're doing your purpose in life yeah is your heart singing if what you're doing isn't lighting you up like a christmas tree inside and out you're not you're not where you're supposed to be okay. Um where do you find the echo technique you can find it everywhere all over all over my youtube channel start with uh secrets of speed attraction how to make someone like lover trust you in as in as little as 20 minutes um we do a deep ex deep dive on the echo technique. But i teach the echo technique everywhere it's one of those techniques that you just got to have if you're going to be a part of planet david and you want to get what you want in life you've got to understand the echo technique.

So you can find that pretty much in every webinar i teach you can find in some of our most popular videos you can find it in our mastermind archives you can find it everywhere liam says to dr david thank you for all you've taught me you will be a lifelong teacher and mentor to me also does identity by design qualify me for vibrational influence or cpi 2 or both it marginally qualifies you for vibrational influence um i would still i would still highly recommend you jump into killer influence or cpi-1 uh before jumping into cpi2 okay. Um people have gone successfully from identity by design into vibrational influence my recommendation also is do killer influence and you'll really have the hardcore interpersonal rapport and energetic skills or foundations on state control to to do the vibrational influence stuff well we have had people do it from identity by design. So my preference my preference is killer influence dear david what is the fastest way to deal with depression change your posture change your breathing go for a walk that's the fastest way to do it laura thompson says dysfunction equals disease yes. I'm i'm aware laura i know what it means okay.

See are you using green i'm using a virtual background caroline get smart says google no. It's drug of choice nlp. But you probably you could probably get the same answer with google choice of drug uh megan wiki how can i access this through zoom uh you can i didn't send the link out we're only doing we're only doing youtube today okay. [Music] the informant says taking killer influence as well.

So terrace says uh thanks david that sounded easier than i expected i can easily recall times when my heart was singing and lighting up like a christmas tree remember that when we start talking about things like golden path and finding your mission in this life we're not just talking about a job one of the ways that we navigate this vibrational reality is through our sense of kinesthetics and we can start to orient on things based on what on on how they light up our heart they make our hearts sing or how they make us want to run away by and large if you're a self-evolving person you must you must cultivate and aggregate the things that light you up inside while at the same time running deeply into the things that make you run away because on the other side of those negative feelings the things that make you want to want to run away are the master keys to getting where you are supposed to be in the shortest amount of time there's. So much power on the other side of those things that terrify you and. So we as self-evolving alchemists or self-empowering people to become the person the best version of ourselves we need to run as aggressively towards those things that make us want to run away with the per for the with the intention of wanting to understand what's beyond that and why things are the way they are as enthusiastically and it's not easy it really isn't um see here let's see here i love the interactions today all the questions and answers are well balanced well thank you excel the bookshelves are out of promotion yes. Unfortunately the the the interface doesn't have a way of making everything balanced.

But it still looks cooler than yeah i'll turn off my background. So you can see what what what what uh what it looks like without it okay. This is what my room looks like without it it sucks i hate it it makes me crazy. So we can do this one or we can do this one which one do you guys prefer we'll change it up you like this one better my hands keep magically disappearing okay.

See here advice on approach anxiety all right. Again um if we're talking about male approach anxiety again it's a lack of state control and it's usually also the fact that you're running really shitty movies in your head. So the fastest way to get over approach anxiety is. First to realize that approach anxiety is normal um there's this phenomenon that you that mammals have it's called stranger anxiety it's this this anxiousness that occurs when we see someone we don't know and we don't know if they're friend or fault.

So when the. First thing that has to happen is you have to get your frame right. You have to understand that that little hesitancy that you feel when you look. At a stranger everybody gets it it's not just you okay.

And you need to understand that it doesn't mean you're afraid it means you're about to do something different it means you're about to meet somebody new it doesn't mean you're you're uh fearful how can i say this it doesn't mean you're less than it means you're normal it's also a sign that you're about to meet somebody new right. So if you embrace this as a signal that you're about to meet somebody new rather than a barrier that means you can't approach you're going to you're going to change the meaning you assign to that sensation and it's going to be easier control your posture control your breathing run positive movies in your head imagine that this person is somebody you've known forever that you haven't seen in a long time and you can't wait to connect with them again step into that energy and approach them with that energy look. For positive eye contact which is always a positive smile with wrinkles at the corners of the eyes. A smile and an eyebrow flash right.

The eyebrows have to raise up and as soon as you see that eyebrow flash do it back um these are things that will be very making a very powerful approach a person who can approach very confidently who can stimulate a person to generate feelings of safety with you these are some quick and dirty things that you can do okay. I would recommend you grab killer influence or cpi1 uh to get the the the full system if you can find it on the website or call stephanie you can get our rapid attraction secrets course which is the whole approach to close system for men and women. But that's some of the quick and dirty stuff that you can do for approach anxiety let's see here okay. Um where did you.

First learn the echo technique how did you know it was good is it from a book. Mirroring people no. Uh actually no. I did not learn the echo technique uh from up from mirroring people uh mirroring mirroring people is actually a book.

On mirror neurons it has nothing to do with echo technique um i. First learned what would become the echo technique through a course called i learned in nlp obviously from from the concept i learned it as a tactic and a very powerful one through a very old course by ken cleveland called maximum rapport and. Then i took. That information and i built on it and it became what is commonly referred to as our echo technique.

So let's see here liam says i'm a special kind of stupid have i heard of spartan of uh i've heard the guy's name i um turn up the thermostat says my comment hasn't melted have you heard of spartan life coach richard grannon the name sounds familiar. But i'm not i'm gonna say no. Um i don't really i don't really know him uh coach gio when we visualize and we are yawning why is that happening you said in the past that yanis yes. Yawning is a sign of internal processing it means that you're clearing up.

So i'm a big yawner too. So if you start guiding people through uh altered state processes meditations things of that nature and they start to spontaneously yawn it means there's some alchemical process going on inside of them that is releasing stuff from their body okay. Okay. See here wait you terrify me well what does that mean oh i grew up happy thoughts i feel lucky to have found you david excited for my continued personal growth well i'm happy you found this too happy hardware hi david can we do a small collective emotional clearing exercise pretty please or another strong biofeedback centering technique thanks we'll see we'll see my bladder is talking to me now.

So i have to jump off and use the restroom real quick uh kurt smith says hi just found about about you one of the. First things i should learn what video should i start with well kirk that really depends on what you want to achieve people find us through a lot of different avenues some people are interested in attraction dating romance and seduction some people are interested in manifesting in law of attraction some people want to clean up their and become more spiritually aware some people want to tap into their psychic and and energetic abilities um people want to be better influencers and communicators we have many many different avenues that lead to the same ocean. So the best a better question would be for me what do you want to achieve what is it you want to do if you can tell me what it is you want to do i will tell you what videos to reference this i hope that helps and i see you you're really interested in you you actually paid for the answer to that question. So please ask tell me what you want to know about or what you want to be able to do which is a better way of saying it what do you want to be able to do in this world right.

And. Then i'll tell you what videos to reference and what courses and things of that nature okay. Where can we learn more about remote viewing well you can come to my vibrational influence class uh or you can you can reference some of the courses that are out there on the market i think lynn buchanan uh has some courses on remote viewing uh david morehouse used to have a course on remote viewing the american association of remote viewers i think still offers trainings um i think there's some other members of the old the old stargate projects that are teaching trainings out there uh ed dames has been teaching remote influencing remote viewing classes for many years i've never studied anything that mr james has put out. But i know he's he's very prevalent in the remote influencing fields.

So um depending on on on your willingness to jump through hoops study with me uh if you just want to get right. Down to the remote viewing and remote influence stuff uh go into for lynne buchanan or david morehouse or um some of his peers those would probably that would be the best to me where can i find out more about golden path um here uh email us and uh or look. At some of the uh and by the way for those of you who are interested in golden path we will never release a golden path video there will never be a golden path course as we teach it because those are all there's a huge amount of personal information that is shared and processed in those courses and they are taught privately in other words a small group gets together and virtually or or um in a room for the weekend and we just go through getting you on track analyzing your past analyzing your talents traits and abilities and we show you a direction and we systematically help you remove the blocks to getting on it and generate and reprogram into you what's necessary to get on that. But we will never we will never release a course on how to do golden path you have to come to the live event for that.

But for those of you who want to come to golden path start with the identity by design system that we teach the identity by design silo encompasses 80 90 of all the the transformational techniques that we teach in golden path to help you clear the blocks to yourself the other part of the rest of the golden path is diagnosed in other words figuring out what is that path and. Then using the identity by design techniques to get on it. So if you want to come to golden path and we are we do plan on doing a couple of golden paths this year i'm just not sure when we'll do it um you need to have identity by design. First okay.

You need to be very facile with those techniques which course or series of courses would you suggest for someone to become as rich as possible in the quickest way if they are new to your stuff and have no. Skills either killer influence killer influence and identity by design or self-mastery supercharger. But killer influence primarily because there is no. Occupation there is no.

Endeavor where the ability to maximally influence influence human beings to do what you want them to do hurt you. So if you want to make money fast or faster apply the killer influence techniques to a job application or a job niche that is potentially lucrative and you'll make more money faster okay. Um mateo fernandez says sorry did you talk about pointing me to the direction of semen retention i did i recommend i recommend most guys get trained in semen retention and actively use it as a way of cultivating their internal energies and harnessing and tapping into those potentials most guys don't. So um hold on a.

Second i just my chat just jumped again um have you heard of objective personality typing no. I have not screwball says i'm scared i'm not scared eh i wouldn't worry about that too much eric pepin not sure what that's about allegra says you terrify me because i grow and i never liked stepping out of my safe box before you all now i'm comfortable i'm comfortably uncomfortable and it's terrifying in a good way adam morgan on which day uh can i find you talking a manifestation in vibrational influence probably towards day three or four that's usually where we start talking about manifestation and image cycling um my comment hasn't melted i don't know what that oh turn up the thirst that my comment hasn't okay. I unintentionally annoy people by my sense of humor do i just stop joking or not speak or what no. Does that make a difference if you're female if you unintentionally annoy people with your sense of humor a find a different crowd someone who shares the same type of humor that you enjoy or learn better calibration skills and modify your approach to comedy to fit the the audience that you're with um a lot of it comes down to how much you value the people you're associating with if you highly value the people you're associating with change yourself if the people that you're associating with make you feel like other or they they aren't in harmony with who the person you want to be find a new crowd right.

Um people constantly harp about being yourself well if being yourself is an and that's making you miserable um if you can't find a crowd where that's that's that kind of behavior is acceptable it's it's about changing you right. Um. So when people start talking about just be yourself and you'll find uh in practicality it doesn't always work that way i ideally it works great in theory it works great in an actual location not. So much um yeah uh monroe institute is also a screwball saying those interested in real viewing can use the gateway technique from monroe institute i um i'm not very familiar with everything monroe teaches.

But i know they've been around forever. So yeah i would recommend them if you like them awake i project. Finally able to attend a live been consuming a lot of your amazing content exciting what do you think is the best way to overcome procrastination get angry get frustrated get pissed off and. Then just do it right.

Those are the anger frustration um lust are the three biggest emotional counterparts to overcoming frustration and just start right. There are several techniques that we teach here on the youtube channel one is called the echo magnet or the procrastination blaster another is the resistance removal protocol these are two very very powerful techniques for just blowing procrastination out. But at the end of the day building up a heavy heavy charge of frustration or anger towards not doing you know against this thing that's in front of your way will kind of steamroll you uh forward. So that goes back to state control right.

Most procrastination is actually a form of fear. So if you dissolve or neutralize the fear component behind it um you usually find yourself able to move forward much more easily procrastination comes in many different flavors. So let's see hotshot says hi david how can i emotionally detach and not obsess over my boyfriend my feelings distract me too much and i overthink a lot of folk a lot instead of focusing on myself uh start with spinning color breathing magic frame those are three techniques that are prevalently taught on our youtube channel they're they're i call them the transformational triad those three should give you a huge head start in in getting out of your head and into the world okay. Again i won't teach them here because a um time is limited and b um they're they're they're all over youtube if you just type in how to get rid of emotional pain uh what's the other one i'm looking for um instant instant and rapid pain relief or pain removal uh resistance removal protocol uh how to get rid of negative emotions all of those videos which are free on youtube have those techniques uh embedded in them.

So i would start there if you need more help give us a call at 858 824663 and we'll put you in touch with one of our coaches or one of our therapists to help guide you through stuff or you can just buy some of our our courses on nlp power and learn it and do it kind of yourself i would recommend though if you're having trouble though um that you you get some you get some guidance you know one-on-one and. Then supplement that with coursework or whatever. But if you if your budget doesn't allow it we have tons of free content on youtube where we're going over those three techniques over and over and over again okay. Uh let's see here mo mobile and says how do you deal with collective loneliness without being a nihilist what do you mean by collective loneliness hotshot uh momo i don't know what that means i'm not familiar with that term laura thompson says at a legacy since monday my world has been rocked by growth and i didn't see it coming you know you seldom do jay jones creations thanks for all the knowledge you give away the echo technique has changed my life boom excellent meg now wiki says and at any parish eric pepin yes.

Uh kurt smith wants about negotiations and suggestions kurt what specifically oh that's what you want to know about okay. Start with uh killer influence. Then get uh 2 and cpi 3. those will be yeah. So again learn the echo technique learn three magic questions learn criterion values elicitation.

Then jump into the full killer influence training and. Then supplement that with cpi two and three and. Then get the book. Um never split the difference by chris voss and had and pitch anything by oren claff that should give you a huge huge arsenal of technique and systematic approaches to negotiation and suggestion um very very powerful synergy what is golden path golden path is a process of discovering what your mandate from heaven is in other words what is the your mission in this life in this body that op that allows you to become uh your best version of yourself and lead you to the most fulfilling life possible for you okay.

Victor murphy says property management not sure what that's about uh yeah remember when you're gonna um there's some there's some again semen retention is controversial um one of the things that i um you need to be very careful of when you're doing scene retention because somebody was mentioning um on a. Second uh jamie was saying men who ejaculate every other day have 80 lower rates of prostate cancer that's probably true uh one of the reasons is because of the contractions of the prostate um one of the things that you must be very very mindful of when you are doing semen retention is the possibility of what in chinese medicine we call cheese stagnation and. So you have to massage the prostate just like you would practice kegels or you would physically massage the the perineum area you've got to make sure that you're flexing those muscles to keep it healthy okay. So.

But as you get older um the chinese will tell you you need to ejaculate less and less. So. But if you ca again sema retention again some people have loads of jing that they can spare some people not. So much.

So again don't don't necessarily jump into these things without the guidance of somebody who's versed in these skill sets okay. See here what are calibration skills calibration skills are the ability to pay attention to somebody and derive what subtle cues and uh tonal shifts body language actually means all right. Uh liam says at happy thoughts i believe dr david back to state control team of jamie wolfe emotional leverage right. On okay.

What do you think is your best video on youtube well 2-8 um that really depends on how you're judging it you know what is it you know what do you want me to base the criteria on how many views it's gotten how much i enjoyed doing the video um what were people's comments like on the video uh you got to give me some criteria because if you go by just numbers uh our lie detection video is our most viewed video right. Next to that is attraction right. Um. But there's other great content out there that that doesn't have as broad an appeal that's just absolutely phenomenal abcd asks how can i learn about seduction or enlightenment well you can start by watching our videos on the channel we have huge a broad range of stuff like that um i think it's important when we're talking about seduction i.

First i gotta tell you i use that word for marketing purposes. But i don't like the word i much prefer attraction uh as a are dating um even pickup to a certain degree is i think is a little bit better than seduction although not much and i'll tell you why that is is because if you look. At the diff the the commonly accepted definition of seduction seduction means to do to entice somebody into doing something that is not in their best interests and i simply don't believe that that's the case uh for us um we need to move through the world giving people the most amazing wonderful experiences as as possible. So the idea of enticing somebody to do something that's not in their that that's not in their best interest or not not acceptable to them or leaves them better off is the in the antithesis of what i seek to do and what i seek to teach my my students and i don't care if you're a male looking to seduce females female looking seduced males females that can seduce females whatever i would much rather have you engage in the process of attraction or attractivity than seduction.

But seduction is a great word that gets attention creates a very visceral response in people. So for marketing purposes we use it right. And certainly all of these skills translate into all forms of social or interpersonal influence uh which i've found to be i found the the dating or mating archetype to be the primary archetype for all social interactions and if you if what you the technology that you're bringing to bear works in those contexts it translates very very easily to prospects and clients jury selection getting out of parking tickets uh ordering you know getting free food at restaurants any type of social interaction you can graph these techniques or or transplant these attraction techniques into the interaction and get a huge huge social boost in your power in fact in uh february we're doing a four-day class called attraction mastery which is all about the psychology of attraction and advanced social dynamics and we're going to go deep dive into all of this stuff um that's a by invitation only class. So if you are interested in it there is a vetting process that we put people through.

So if you want if you're interested in that class you call stephanie at 858 282-4663 that will be a live class that we're teaching in las vegas. So if you want an excuse to come hang out with me in las vegas for four days and learn some really cool come on out there is no. Sales letter for that class yet uh we're only we're only promoting it in-house in inside of our live events to people who've attended our other classes or have our other programs. So if you and this is the.

First time i've mentioned it. So if you are interested uh in those things uh by all means uh jump into it uh or call us let's see here enlightenment same idea um what does enlightenment mean enlightenment mean you ask 27 people what enlightenment means you get 20 different different definitions i don't know what you mean by enlightenment. So it's hard for me to kind of give you um an answer to that i would suggest that you become progressively more self-aware and the enlightenment part will kind of take you care of itself and keep gupta says what are some of the best self-hypnosis techniques to master a new skill identity by design deep trance identification without a doubt um megan wiki says i find it extremely hard to be myself around anyone at all only when i'm alone or with my daughter do i feel 100 relaxed and non-restricted i don't like being this way at all okay. I would start with the identity by design techniques and i would start by focusing on a drug of choice for the feelings you have when you're around your daughter and translating how your how your body does that to crowds and people you want to associate with.

But the identity by design style will help you to neutralize and dissolve the things that make you feel uh like you need to be somebody else around other people okay. So again at any by design self-mastery supercharger those are the techniques that long term we're going to give you the biggest transformation the surgical tactical nuke it from orbits the only way to be a sure approach is going to be a combination of color breathing magic frame and spinning energy spanning. So use those three and and start making the changes and. Then come call us when you're ready to go further um brooklyn master says just signing in you're the best what state control drills can we do none if you have access to our mastermind videos if you have access to some more products all the videos you need are there i recommend you reference those ir's family says what is your personal formula for happiness i don't know if i have one um i would say focus on the things you want not the things you don't uh and become the person who can have the things you want right.

I think it's important to show a lot to have a lot of gratitude towards as many different aspects of your life as possible. But in terms of my personal formula for happiness i think in short to lapse into into jargon i think the formula for happiness is living a life that is in harmony with your own set of values and ideals and actively moving towards those things being on your golden path is probably the shortest distance between where you are and where you want to be uh and be happy um. But if i had to shortcut it i would say uh criterion values. So for for those of you who want to know about that pardon me while i scratch my itchy nose uh for those of you want to know more about that go back to our webinar videos where i talk about the emotional bonding checklist and especially the.

Last couple webinars that we did we did an in-group exercise where people elicited the emotional bonding checklist they had for the things they wanted to learn from the videos and i had them go through an exercise take that that particular process and apply it to every context of your life and elicit that checklist and. Then actively evaluate those elements of your life to see how close they match and. Then start changing those things in your life until they're in complete harmony with the checklists that you've created and follow your body feelings that's the shortcut the long more comprehensive approach is going to be golden path training which is going to be a combination of diagnosing your life from the time you were born up to now combined with identity by design protocols which are designed to help you remove the barriers and amplify the things that put you on your path faster. So i hope that's the long and short of it okay.

Living a life that's in harmony with your values is the key to happiness and making sure that you're only doing the things and the people in your life are only in harmony with those values that's going to be the fastest way to do that right. Um one of the one of the things i do is i find way i i pay very close attention to the things that make my heart sing that light me up like a christmas tree and i find ways to monetize it. So that i get paid for doing the things i love and there's a formula that i use for that which we talk about in money magnet mastery as well as hidden laws of attraction. So we just ran a big sale on hidden laws of attraction on the website if you're interested in that you can go you might be able to get the new year's eve a new year's discount if you're interested in that whole spectrum of things.

So i hope that helps [Music] um am i familiar with psycho cybernetics yes. I am nathan myers mayor says i'm curious about your view on psychedelics i don't play with them i have a lot of students who have come to me from the psychedelic fields who actually guide people through psychedelic experiences and they have a lot of interesting stories to tell i personally uh don't work with psychedelics and i highly recommend that if you're going to work with psychedelics you work with somebody who is competent and qualified to do that work uh let's see here 31 flavors of procrastination irfan m says david thank you for the value for information it's gold bernardini says david i have scoliosis is there any way to treat it with you online there may be some things that we can do um i would probably i would probably go out and go on a limb and say that working with me is not going to be the only piece to the equation you're probably going to want somebody qualified to do some form of bodywork chiropractic or otherwise and work with maybe a osteopath or something. But there's probably some things that we can definitely do to help the only thing i can't predict is to what degree that we could do that airfond says i light up when i help others become better. But i have constant internal conflict about making money off helping others okay.

So there's some belief systems that you need to change right. You obviously have a belief that helping others for money is bad and yet if you went to the doctor or your your naturopath or your herbalist you would pay them money to make you better wouldn't you right. Um the secret to this is got to understand that part of the healing process for many people is the exchange of energy the exchange of value and many times if you do not ask for that exchange of value you actually inhibit the healing process now a lot of people who are on the on the lower side of the less evolved side of universal dynamics take issue with that that's why they're broke many times i don't i don't make the rules to the universe i just report them for lack of a better word. But one of the things that has to happen in many cases is that people have to earn their healing they have to earn the right.

To be the person they want to be and that usually involves some form of discomfort of sacrifice and the most easy the most easy medium for that transformation or that exchange of value or energy is money it doesn't have to be. But if you want to be in this world you have to have energy you have to have power money is a form of power the more power you have the more people you can help the more choices you have. So one of the things that has to happen for you is you need to start exploring your beliefs about money and helping people for money not saying you shouldn't help people for free there has to be a balance and if the lifestyle you're leading isn't giving you the the quality of life that you want you need to be willing to change it because it's not going to change for you okay. You have to take charge you have to be self-directed and that means many times and trust me i've been there as a lot of healers out there are broke because they don't understand this concept this this universal principle right.

People who have lots of money who do well by doing good can afford to help more people for free and the people that they do help for the money tend to get better in proportion to the amount that they invest i don't make up these rules it's just how it works ask if for those of you who are in the internet marketing space um you see this and again i'm going to use an internet marketing analogy because unfortunately it's it's it's appropriate you have more pain in the ass customers more people who don't get the value of your product at afford at forty nine dollars than you do for at people who pay for the same product at fifteen hundred dollars it's the same kind. But we tested this by accident we actually had a pricing issue or we actually had a pricing mistake on our website and people got a 1500 course for 75 bucks and the amount of change that was reported versus the amount of customer service issues that were reported for the same product were astronomically different and i used to hear this marketing people were talking about this all the time and i'm like you you're just trying to convince me to sell some star to buy your and. Then it happened by accident and we saw it which i mean it's the the switch flipped and i realized that by give by giving it away for free you're not helping the people to grow you're actually helping them stay stuck. So find the balance and just remember that balance is not static balance is dynamic when you start doing this you'll charge too little.

Then you'll charge too much and. Then you from those two extremes you'll find your comfort zone and as you become better you'll find also that the more you charge for your service the better the quality of service that you render it caught it forces you to raise the bar on the service you deliver because you want to be worthy and deserving of that right. So there's no. There's no.

Downside to charging people because by and large the people who are going to accept your stuff for free probably won't hold on to the change. Anyway i i hate to be the bearer of you know not. So great new i've been there i've been that guys you got to remember something some of you know this some you didn't i taught hypnosis in nlp for free for 10 years before i ever took. A dime to teach a person okay.

And i had a lot of reasons for it one of them one of which which i don't talk about too often was this well do i deserve to have the money do i am i good enough to get the change you know um what if people can't afford me there will always be a group of people who say it's too expensive and what they're saying by and large when they say it's too expensive the subtext is believe it or not they're saying they're not saying you're not worth it they're saying i'm not worth it they're saying i don't deserve to have that because i'm not willing to go through the discomfort it takes to become the person who deserves to have that change all right. Now for every for every generalization i give you there's going to be exceptions and that's where the concept of contact of the process of discernment comes from you have to evaluate each person on a case-by-case basis and decide and if you do that long enough you start to get a note you're going to notice patterns of people starting to emerge you'll see the characteristics of people who are going to take what's offered for free and still not change you're going to take just going to see the tiny percentage of people who take the change that you offer for free and build on it and as a process of building on it become the person who deserves to have it you're going to see the people who you charge people for they pay you and they get change and. Then they find something else and or they go back. Then you're going to see people who not only pay you more for the change they take that and they build on it and they become amazing and i'll actually go on to spread what they've learned from you into the world in their way there are different categories of people you can't paint everybody with the same brush.

But as a general guideline you're never going to go wrong charging for what you deliver okay. You're never gonna go wrong okay. Just don't suck right. Be good at what you do okay.

Any tip to stop practicing a practical tip to stop marijuana consumption find a good hypnotist or neuro linguistic programmer and work personally with them hold on a. Second gotta check my phone here okay. We're coming into the home stretch. Anyway.

So i'm gonna give uh my wife's asking me when my ama is gonna be done is there a different word for therapist coach counselor mentor teacher trainer what are some signs when you and your wife don't love each other anymore um i would be very very careful i would look. At well. First of all you're going to see a very a lack of physical closeness now that's not just sex of course sex is usually a big deal. But also a lack of intimacy in terms of interaction you're probably going to see a lot of passive aggressive behaviors you're going to see a lot of distance more time away from home um changes in work habits or extra recreational activities can often lead to it can be indicators of those things they look.

At you and say i hate you it's usually a pretty good indicator um. So yeah there's this it's pretty obvious uh some people i would look. At their pupil dilation one of the things i often see uh when people who are emotionally distancing themselves from one another is when the pupils are when someone you're looking at somebody you love or you deeply care about the pupils tend to dilate when you're creating emotional distance from people the pupils tend to contract and. So watch people's pupils if you if you and if you habitually pay attention you'll notice that there's a a baseline level of pupil dilation when they like you and when they don't and and.

So these are things that i would i would pay attention to that i don't think there is a single um other than them handing you divorce papers i don't think there is a single characteristic that indicates they don't love you right. It's it's a combination of things. So see here bernardini is asking david which is the best way to attract new relations and friends into your life the best way to do it is become the person you really want to be who has a life that they love and the people that resonate with that will follow right. Uh in my in my course an attraction master you talk about the romantic hero archetype and one of the things that that you'll see in terms of attracting the right.

Kind of people in your life and i say this in the context of um a lot of women are there's i i won't even make genders. But there's this concept of building your life around a person right. And that's not what a healthy relationship is i often say that women don't want to be the center of your life they they want to be part of a person's life who actually has a life that's worth living and. So the the the past the antidote for that the prescription for that is to make your life that you live solo as exciting and thrilling and fulfilling for you as humanly possible without the need of having anybody like if you're if you had nobody in your life.

But you had all these wonderful amazing fun activities that that just light you up being on that golden path again that you would love to that you love doing and you're actively doing it you will magnetize yourself towards people who have those same affiliations those same desires and needs and what have you and your life will suddenly become very very filled because you'll become attractive and that's that's where you have to start you have to my honestly i love my family i love my wife. But if if they disappeared tomorrow if i'd never had them i would still be thrilled and happy and in love with my life because i've endeavored to make that life as thrilling and satisfying fulfilling for me as an individual if you are looking if in order for you to be happy you have to have a person in your life that's a weakness i'm not saying you shouldn't have people in your life. But you can't put responsibility for creating an optimal life on somebody else that has to be the secondary thing is you build a life that's worth living you'll attract the people that want that kind of lifestyle for themselves as well or to be affiliated with people who have that life okay. So that's going to be the simplest approach now how you get there well each person's got to do that in their own way um let me just do something real quick if it's okay.

With you i just want to text her okay. Um i'm going to jump off soon. But i just wanted to spend as much time with you as i could stephen wright. Which nlp books do you recommend i have transformations patterns one persuasion engineering matching action frogs and the princes what do you think of these i think they're great i'll tell you my favorite nlp books for by john o'connor.

So anything by by john o'connor i really liked their older books i think it was this is nlp nlp for business things of that nature um i like and again um timeline therapy and the basis of personality to me was one of the most powerful uh and useful books on time on nlp derived stuff that i'd ever come across. So i highly recommend that book. As well. So let's see here how do we come become as good at speaking as you are or were you born that way i think i was born with a potential that i actualized through life experience and life activities choices i made into what i wanted to do with it i think the fastest way to get good at speaking a is find things that you love and talk about them and b talk about them to people who love those things and i think what you'll discover is that the floodgates will open and.

Then slowly branch out into parallel niches and things that are you know in addition to this they might also like this. So like for example um when i started i would i started as a teacher in the sexuality and nlp niches and i started my nlp teaching was offline my romance and sexuality was online and uh. So i i bridged these gaps out of these have these people into attraction and seduction. But people are interested in attraction and seduction are also tend to be interested in energy they also tend to be interested in body language they also tend to people who are interested in body language also tend to be interested in learning how to catch flyers um people who are into attraction dating and seduction also usually have a lot of baggage people into energy also tend to have a lot of baggage they also are interested in the stuff like psychic powers abilities and manifestation.

So if you look. At these ends of the spectrum they're all separate. But related and connected to each other in some way and. So when i speak i speak about things i love i speak about things i'm passionate about to an audience that is passionate about those things as well and.

Then i build on that and if you do that long enough and. Then you put yourself in situations where you have to speak or you have to actually deliver uh after a certain amount of time it's not it's not weird anymore there's certainly there are other mind techniques and and and uh perspective shifts that you can take. But if you love your audience like they're like they're your best friend if you talk to them like they're your family like the people you love you're going to find that that level of comfort and familiarity that you bring to it creates an ability to just flow one of the problems that fledgling speakers have is actually a sense of self-consciousness that it's actually a form of inverted narcissism they're. So afraid of what other people are going to think of them that they stop focusing on giving the people in the audience the best experience humanly possible and.

So one of the things that my good friend chris stamba who was one of my students and. Then he became one of my colleagues says love your audience love your audience like you're the dearest members of your family and speak to them as from that place and you're going to discover that the connection that you generate with those people the the fluidity with which you um you express yourself and connect ideas will be very organic be very spontaneous now can you can you modify that through craft and technique absolutely. But if you don't have that body feeling that that that perspective of these are people who like who you love who who you are like the host of a party you want them to have the best experience humanly possible you stop being self-centered and more focused on making sure the people that you're translating and you're communicating with have that experience and. Then it starts to flow back and forth the energy goes and it builds and a deeper rapport a deeper energetic builds as well whereas if you come at it from a technical perspective you may deliver a technically perfect presentation that does not connect at all right.

So go for the connections. First uh which starts with the body feelings and the way you you perceive the audience and. Then add your craft to it okay. And do it a lot like every chance you get do it just volunteer and just get up there and do it can you tell me what tai chi does for the mind body and spirit yes.

It integrates them synergistically long and short that's what it does um liam says hold on a. Second let me move over here. So i'm actually looking at the camera um david thanks for your time again today as always i learned something new and i can't wait to do it again hope to see you live in a class this year uh i would like to uh for those of you who i wasn't gonna do this. But i'll talk about it now um you've heard me mention a lot um on today's class the the identity by design uh systems the identity by design techniques january 27th through january 31st we are doing a five-day hypnosis and hypnotherapy certification focusing on the identity by design techniques in addition to conversational hypnosis state control instant and rapid abductions um the full spectrum of hypnosis and hypnotherapy.

So for those of you who want to make get on that golden path to your best self for those of you who want to make 2021 your best year ever uh for those of you who really want uh to make a difference in the lives of others as well as yourself i'd like to personally invite you to uh to come out with me for five days in las vegas nevada january 27th through the 31st uh and go through the five-day live uh real world hypnosis and hypnotherapy uh certification process just by a show of hands how many of you would be interested in something like that just go ahead and type in the chat if you're interested because if you're not interested i won't bother posting a link says i would love to know where you studied i studied all over the world chabot i i uh every i'm still studying um e rod says ace of fate says i don't have a solid identity i feel confused on which skills to keep in use from my past and what to do with what is left over in front of me to move forward start with identity by design great room uh universal solvent magic frame spinning and color breathing uh erod thank you dr david for your time and energy you've shared here with all of us you're very welcome erod um it's my pleasure guys for those of you who need uh payment plans if you reach out to stephanie uh she can set up a payment plan for you hand raised what is qigong qigong means energy discipline or energy cultivation uh. So here's here's the colon backlash www oops www dot real world 2021 rwh001 for those of you who are interested there's our sales letter um for those of you who um need payment plans you can call stephanie at 858-282-4663 um she's kind of spending the day with her family. But leave a message in your contact information she'll get back to you sam mcdonald says david i have found that your programs provide a framework for exploring other mystical methods for self-change you provide the nuts and bolts practical exercises which becomes the erector set thank you sam that is exactly my goal because once you peel back the surface the structure of all these other metaphysical systems are largely similar and once you have it uh you can explore it a lon wolf says is it more than a thousand dollars um we have an early bird price that we offer sometimes for 9.97 if you call stephanie and you say you heard about it on the ama show reach out to me and if we have some space left because we're running out of space um we'll see about honoring the thousand dollar price point. But right.

Now it's at 14.97. So if you need to make up if you need to make a payment plan we can do that for you um beth at soul fire says thank you for your time happy new year happy sobbing on training in like a hotel yes. It's it's it'll be at the orleans hotel and casino. In las vegas off tropicana would be interesting when we were able to leave the uk i would i'm yeah i would be too witchy thank you price is alana says it's where they're on the website i was able to overcome being in love with my ex by watching david's videos on self-control awesome and on that note my friends i think it's time for us to uh to get a move on um i want to thank you all i hope each and every one of you have an amazing happy joyful prosperous new year i'd love to see you all at identity by design uh we're capping it at 50 people.

Last i heard we're like 20 or 25 right. Now and these will give you the skill sets that you need you've heard me talk about them a lot wasn't my intention to promote a training. But for those of you i hope you got value i enjoyed spending this time with you and i love you all and we'll talk to you soon good night and god bless take care.
