Title: Mind Control Skills; Master Your Mind, Get Rid of Negative Emotions, Design Your Destiny
File Name: tS64ChVhk7A.txt
Video Id: tS64ChVhk7A
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tS64ChVhk7A

Hello hello hello everyone welcome to see uh this is. Dr. David. Snider checking in with you welcome to secrets for how to reprogram your subconscious mind for health wealth success and happiness how to control your mind manifest uh you know get rid of negative emotions and ordain your destiny as uh.

W. Clement. Stone like to say. First and foremost.

I'd like to welcome everybody uh we do have a couple administrative things that uh. I'd like to get out of the way. I'm gonna go ahead and just make my my screen a little bit bigger here. So.

I'm. I'm make sure that uh. I can see everything really really well you know. I'm getting a little long in the tooth.

So. I got to make sure that uh. I can see everybody well. So quick question for those of you who are for how many of you is this uh your.

First time experiencing the madness in. Mayhem that is planet. David if you're brand new go ahead and type in the chat. I'm new if you're a veteran type in how long you've been with us and uh uh where you're checking in from your name where you're checking in from how long you've been with us because tonight is all about you tonight is about exploring the power of the magic within or or u in case you're wondering this is only half of my uh my my background the the full title should be unleashing the magic within uh hypnosis energy healing manifestation and.

Beyond it's a seminar that we've got coming up a live training uh where. I'm going to kind of pull back the curtain on some of the most uh hidden and secret energetic practices from a number of traditions and how they dovetail with. Neuroscience uh quantum physics to create a set of practices and drills and exercises that will rapidly um to use a rather vient term explode your level of energy. Vitality health and wellness um it's an awesome course uh we've done it once before and people absolutely love it in fact they're screaming for level two this will be a level one uh training um and.

So for those of you who are interested you can reach out to. Moss and talk to you about that that's my plug for the the seminar. But. I.

I threw this together this is actually one of our graphics for the seminar. So. I thought it would be kind of cool uh to get some feedback on that. So.

First of all let me welcome everybody who's joining us uh through the the zoom room and of course our brothers and sisters out there in. YouTube land well thank you. So much for um for checking in with us it's awful quiet in the chat. Ah that's why how come nobody told me.

I had everyone selected off. I thought. I'd turned that back on hello. Nancy welcome there's.

Mia all right. They're they're starting to talk now like. I had them muted before. I was wondering why am.

I alone there's lucky. Chris. Heather oh all my mega coaching clients are all here. So once again if you if you did not if if your name did not show up in the chat type in where you're checking in from how long you've been in.

Planet. David tonight's class is all about you and. So. I hope that each and every one of you have brought some uh some all important tools for tonight.

A your brain anybody here not bring their brain to tonight's training if you if you're not if your brain is not here go ahead and type that in the chat okay. Uh yes. I do have a. PowerPoint presentation.

But uh there. Zach. Zack says hello. Divine intelligence well thank you for that.

I. I don't think my wife would would share that with you my wife is makes me look. Like a idiot. But that's that's not uh that's neither here no.

There. So. Peter's checking in from. Pittsburgh many years ago.

I remember you. Peter if not your face. I remember your name you've been around for a while. Stein's checking in from.

Norway seeing you from the start very cool welcome uh there's. Philip long or long. Phillip as his name shows up there's ranan over there in. Carlos and uh.

I don't know what that name is because it's written in. Korean or. Chinese or something like that. But whoever you are checking in from.

Nevada. God bless and welcome. Heather's checking in from. Boise very cool very cool.

So tonight is all about how to reprogram the subconscious mind. So one of the things that. I want to talk about um again. I'm going to go through.

I'm going to go through the basics very very quickly because as. I look. Um at all the faces it's it looks like all of you are pretty familiar with the the madness and. Mayhem that is planet.

David um. But. I will. I will put this out there for those of you who are veterans of.

Planet. David if you see somebody who's brand new and is checking in with us uh and they ask a question that. I don't see. I do ask that you just reach out to them and and give them your experience like if.

I see the question and it's not going to take us too far off track. I'm happy to answer it um. I want to give you as much content as. I can as humanly possible uh that being said um some of you are going to take to this like a duct to water some people are going to need to uh go through this a few times that's okay.

There will be a replay. However ever you are going to want to stay today uh until the end of the replay to the the full length of the webinar rather uh because we do have some really cool things that we we've got in store for you there's always an offer connected to all of our webinars because. I learned very very long time time ago that you never give somebody a taste of what's possible for them without giving them a way to take that training further if that's something you want to do that being said tonight is not about. Theory.

So to speak tonight is about giving you some powerful uh experiences and along with those experiences will come techniques that you can take right. Out into the real world starting today right. From this webinar going right. Out into the world and just start changing stuff for the better we're going to give you some of the most.

P some of the most powerful uh simple and easy techniques imaginable as well as hopefully give you a a little bit of a different understanding about how your mind actually works how the different levels of your nervous system communicate and interact with one another and as a by product of that training you're going to discover new ways to literally unlock or unleash the magic inside of you one experience at a time you don't have to believe that's the best part about a lot of the technologies that we've brought to the to the to the public over the. Last 10 or 20 years is that you don't need to believe a single thing that's coming out of my mouth in fact. I ask you not to believe it why is that and now let me let me be clear you don't have to believe it. But you do have to want it right.

And we're going to talk about this this push pull that a lot of people have uh when it comes to manifesting or to becoming the person that uh deserves to have the things that they say that they want to manifest. So um. I am a very interactive type of an instructor even when it's virtual like this um. I thrive on interaction.

So. I'm gonna. I'm going to encourage you throughout the entire course of the webinar and this is going to be a long webinar. I'm just going to put that up front most of you who've been around for a while know.

I don't. I don't uh. I don't kind of mince around right. I do tell stories and.

I do s come sometimes. Meander. But the magic is in the. Meandering if that makes any kind of sense to you.

So uh you may see hear something in this webinar that you agree with you may hear things in this webinar that you do not my intention here is never to offend anyone. But. I do tend to poke the bear. I do tend to provoke people and the reason that we do that is partly because it's fun you know it's fun to to make fun of ourselves and each other and not take ourselves.

So seriously which is one of the most important things that we have to really kind of wrap our mind around as we get into the laws of the. Mind how they work and how you your your different divisions communicate with each other right. Uh if we don't really understand that one of the reasons that a lot of our doesn't seem to go away is because we're taking ourselves too seriously we're not in a in in a place where we can control our state direct our thoughts observe the structure of our thoughts and have the the uh the system in place. So to speak that allows us to rapidly transform it right.

Most of my demog. I spent a lot of time talking to my my good friend chat. GTP uh and. I spend a lot of time having it take on different personas and different uh types of avatars.

So that. I. I can really understand you right. Obviously.

I've been doing this a long time and. So one of the things. I want to. I want to stress with you is that there's no.

There's no. Woo woo here even though. I may. I might you may this may seem like woo it's actually not right.

When you come to our trainings and and things like that you'll see how everything connects and where it connects is in the power of your autonomic nervous system we sometimes abbreviate that to. ANS unfortunately um the phonetic ambiguity of. ANS is not always the most uh how should we say this politically correct. So when we say pull things out of your.

ANS you might have a different experience of that right. Anyway here's the deal we're going to go as far as. I can tonight's webinar is going to be divided up into three parts we're going to talk about the principles and fundamentals for how your mind works how it creates your problems and everything else about your subjective experience and we're going to show you experientially how that works. So you can begin the process of activating the power of your nervous system to start creating change we're going to give you some very powerful very consistent test things that you can go out into the world and do part two is where we're going to show you.

Next steps we're going to say this is this is this piece and this piece and this is how this piece goes together and this is the whole system. So if you want access to the whole system this is how you go about getting access to that. Then on part three is where things really hit the road and we call this the customization phase and this is where we're going to actually pull you as a group and and drill down on the exact applications that you as a cohort as my student in this training want to actually learn okay. Uh.

I always have a curriculum and and anybody's been around. Planet. David long enough will tell you that any time. I do a one two three day seminar.

I have enough material for 30 days at my beck and call. So that being said. I'm going to ask you guys a couple questions. I'm going to go through um what.

I lovingly call the. Dr. David dog and pony show real quick for those of you who were wondering. I am in fact a doctor.

I have two doctorates now. I have a doctorate in. Chinese acupuncture and. Chinese medicine as well as a doctor in.

Chinese energetic medicine. So if you like what's the difference well. Chinese. AC acupuncture and.

Chinese medicine is the postcommunist trainings in traditional. Chinese medicine it's been largely sanitized of everything we would consider woo or uh. Quantum in how it operates it's a very uh linear approach acupuncture points meridians things of that nature don't get me wrong there's still an energetic component. But it's much much different.

Chinese energetic medicine. However is the whole picture of how these things evolve the things they didn't teach how it works with. Quantum energies shamanics uh different types of spiritual energetics and things of that nature it's. Chinese medical.

Chiang plus. DST. Buddhist and often sometimes. Christian mystical uh trainings as well.

So there's a whole bunch of energetic wooy stuff that's it's a more of a spiritual degree than anything else. But. I've had a. Clinic in salana.

Beach for the. Last well since 2005. So literally 20 years now uh where my specialty has been through the the modality of. Chinese medicine energetics uh hypnosis neural linguistic programming holographic memory resolution uh raiki which is another form of energetics um where.

I my specialty has been treating physiological illness that is caused by repressed emotion which is about nine out of 10 things that come into an acupuncturist office or a chiropractor's office any kind of chronic or emotionally induced condition has been the focus of my therapeutic modalities for many many years uh. I over for the. Last six or seven years probably going on eight years. I've been named one among the top two.

NLP trainers in the world by global gurus.com um hopefully. I'll be number one again this year. But been number two. Next to the founder of.

NLP. Dr. Richard. Bor.

I am a certified. NLP trainer and practitioner. I'm a lifelong martial artist. So.

I've got a lot of different types of energetic training as well as understanding. Peak. Performance behind my belt. I'd offer.

I've authored over 15 different programs on various forms of healing and human influence everything from conversational hypnosis to vibrational hypnosis and the full spectrum we have one of the most powerful hypnosis and hypnotherapy training programs in the world a program that's designed to take you from. Zero to. Hero in five days and that is not a boast that is a fact if you don't believe me try us out that being said tonight is all about you. I want to talk to you about uh if this is the scope of everything that there is to cover with unlocking the power of your own subconscious mind we have time for this.

So my my my promise to you my commitment to you is. I will take you as far down this. Rabbit. Hole as.

I can. I will pull back the curtain. I will try to lead you through experience after experience after experience as much as. I can and.

I'll point you in the direction of where to go to level up your training and your skills is that a fair is that a fair tradeit if you think that's fair type that's fair in the chat cool all right. Good good good all right. So let's jump in. Then uh let me look.

At my. PowerPoint and make sure that. I'm on track. So if you can answer yes.

To any of the following questions this might be the right. Place for you. First and foremost how many of you would as a byproduct of tonight's training would like to find themselves becoming more attractive more charismatic more persuasive in any situation or circumstance would that be something that might make your life a little easier because that's my job my job is to make your life easier right. Would that help type yes.

In the chat if that would help you if you'd like to be uh to banish fear to stop being afraid and insecure and uncertain and have more confidence and move through the world in a way that allows you to feel very comfortable no. Matter what's going on around you that allows you to kind of. Step. In take charge or if you need to to kind of step back right.

And just let things play out without the need to to micromanage or or whatever we're going to show you how to do that okay. If you'd like to obviously. M become more magnetic and attract more money from your job book. More clients for your business.

But real quick how many how many how many therapists and and healers and coaches do we have on tonight's call just type that's me in the chat if. I'm a coach or something like that right. How many of you would like to stop being. So easily manipulated how many you ever been on the the less than positive end or the negative end of manipulation lies detect deceits um think of it from you know whether it's from a narcissist or from.

So sociopaths or any type of other social or persuasion. Predators how many of you would like to kind of lock those doors and make sure that those those doors are never opened again. So people can't manipulate you if you if that's true for you type that's for me in the chat because we're g to we're going to go deep into the core programs that allow those things to happen and how you can begin the process of sealing them right. If you like to program yourself for any kind of abundance whether it's love whether it's.

Financial whether it's spirit spiritual abundance uh and and have more time energy money to to to enjoy the things you truly want go ahead and type that in the chat because that's on the that's on the to-do list as my my tfue would say right. If you'd like to learn how to inspire and motivate yourself your employees and have them wanting to do the things that you that that you want them to do for their own reasons this is probably a good place for you to begin okay. Um. So here's my deal my personal promise to you tonight is if you stay until the end of tonight's webinar.

I'm going to teach you the fastest most powerful and direct way to reprogram your mind and body for unlimited success health wealth and happiness okay. Um ironically ironically the fastest way to do that is not through your mind it's through your body it's one of the most weird things that me as as. I as a hypnotist ever discovered and once. I did all my stuff just accelerated uh if you'd like to put a dead stop halt to procrastination remove blocks to your success um how to get rid of negative emotions like fear and pain and other limiting beliefs type that in the chat it's on the list you're going to be able to deal with it right.

Um if you'd like the exact steps necessary to go from interesting information to maximum transformation and minimum time type that's for me in the chat because that's where we're going okay. I'm. G by the way. I'm getting ready to brain dump on all of you.

So a couple of things you're going to need for tonight okay. You're going to lots of caffeinated. Beverages and. I'm not kidding okay.

Um you're also going to need something to write with and write on. I would prefer this is where we get a little weird. I would prefer if it was a wooden pencil and a sheet of tablet paper or a tablet a paper tablet now. I know some of you like styluses and.

I know some of you like having pens and and that's fine if that's all you got. Then that's all you use. But to maximize um some of the vibrational stuff that goes along with the things. I these are.

I'm not going to be teaching you the vibrational stuff. But it will be happening in the background that's the beauty of it you don't have to believe in any of that woo crap you just heard me talk about right. Um because it's all about your autonomic nervous system the place where everything meets where quantum physics and quantum mechanics and ancient spiritual practices and modern bioenergetics and sports performance and all the coaching systems out there person ality profiling. Behavior profiling the place where all of these things meet is in one place that's in your autonomic nervous system there is no.

Form of human endeavor that is not mediated managed and expressed through the autonomic nervous system and once you understand that principle and you gain dominion over this right. You gain dominion over the autonomic aspect of your system and you understand how it communicates there is not much you can't do and and take that as a claim if you want um don't believe me test it okay. But there are rules and principles that your autonomic system utilizes to create your experience of everything whether it's a positive experience or a less than positive experience your neurology creates them the same way. So as we go through this training you need to believe it you just have to participate and actually have the experience okay.

That's all. I ask have and have fun with it okay. Fun is going to be a huge therapeutic factor and alchemical factor in tonight's training okay. So if you stay on uh till the end of tonight's webinar.

I'm going to teach you the two most important factors you need for. Success right. Off the bat. I'm going to teach you about the rules of the.

Mind the ones they didn't tell you about in. Psychology. School the ones they didn't teach you about on. YouTube the ones they didn't teach you about in.

The. Secret. I'm going to teach you something that we some some very powerful principles of the mind that we as hypnotists and some neurol linguistic programmers have understood for many many years. But nobody really talks about and how they interact with they they regulate everything um.

I'm going to teach you something called body centered energy psychology. I'm going to show you why the fastest most powerful way to change any thought feeling memory trauma or behavior is not through the mind it's through the body or. I should be to be more precise the integration of the body with the mind okay. We call this how your system really works okay.

I'm going to show you how to use that same set of systems together to program your future and clear your past okay. When you when all is said and done by the end of tonight's webinar you will have the path to taking complete control of your life to get the life you want the way that you want it and master yourself inside and out starting today. So let's talk about. I'm going to.

I'm going to jump to my. PowerPoint and. I want to talk to you about something that is really really important before. I do.

So write this down there's a couple of things that uh. I want. I want some principles. I want you to write down the.

First one is this everything human beings do is in response to a feeling it's either a feeling they want more of or a feeling that they want a whole lot less of that's it the sum total of every form of human endeavor will result will will will will grow from that people see something they see a uh something they desire the body generates a feeling and they they they generate all the thoughts memories rationalizations whatever to achieve that thing a person sees a a social condition or or something that makes them feel bad right. And they they do one of two things they either run away from it it feels bad or they say that needs to change because of a bad because it makes them feel bad and they start generating the behaviors that cause them to take the actions to make that thing go away at the end of the day when we look. At something our body generates a feeling that feeling is what starts that whole domino. Effect of manifestation right.

Now when we talk about manifestation we're not necessarily talking about isible poof and all of a sudden a pot of gold appears right. We're talking about the behaviors the identity the belief systems the actions that we take in the physical universe that cause things to go our way and that's what this class is about tonight okay. So the. First thing.

I want you to understand everything human beings do is in response to a feeling it's either a feeling they want more of or a feeling they want a whole lot less of are we good with that is that useful this means yes. This means no. Since you can't can and. I can't see you nod you have to type it in the chat okay.

The. Next thing. I want you to do is. I want you to get out a piece of paper and.

I want you to write down two sets of three things let me let me repeat that two sets of three things the. First thing is the top three things you want to get rid of tonight top three things you want to clear up tonight write that down and when you've written that down top three things you want to clear up tonight type done in the chat it's okay. I'll [Music] wait. I shouldn't say that.

YouTube will probably ding me for copyright. Infringement or something all right. Great. So people are starting it's starting to trickling good.

So you've got three things that you want to change yes. As you look. At them. I want you to rate them on a scale of 0 to 10 how bad do you want to get rid of those just put a number.

Next to it when you've done that type it in the chat okay. You don't have to type it no. Don't type you don't have to type it in the chat just type it just type done in the chat you don't. I don't need the number right.

Because we we're doing. I'm. I'm doing the the speed version of this we do a much deeper treatment of this in the. Live.

Events and stuff like that and in your programs simple. Rick says tell me more about the ish kabble and the pot of gold you have to wait for that boil perfect okay. So below that. I want you to write three things as you look.

At that list of things you want to get rid of. I'm gonna ask you a magic question and you should probably write this question down because there might be more to it than. I'm telling you about right. Now what do.

I want instead. I'm going to repeat that two more times. So you have time to write it down below the three things you want to get rid of. I want you to write down what do.

I want instead. So for entry one of the thing you want to get rid of what do. I want instead for entry two of the thing you want to get rid of what do. I want instead for entry three of the thing you want to get rid of what do.

I want instead when you're done when you've written that type done perfect guys rocking this right. Is this better than a. PowerPoint. I hate.

PowerPoints. I really do. Lucky says done. Dominic says done me living says done.

Clowny says done. Steven says done. Taylor says done simple. Rick says done.

Nancy says done jod says done. Peter's done yay okay. So if you you've followed my instructions now which is the number two thing everything human beings do is in response to a feeling it's either a feeling they want more of or a feeling they want less of you don't need to believe anything. I say you just got to follow the instructions if you can follow the instructions with the right.

Attitude you can get any change you want. So as you look. At what you want instead when you look. At it how does it make you feel yes.

I am asking for for input and feedback excited excellent below that those two things you've just done. So your. First entry on your sheet is top three things. I want to get rid of tonight okay.

Second is what do. I want instead below that. I want you to write one more question what might that be like okay. I'm going to repeat it three more times what might that be like.

Last time with feeling what might that be like okay. So you should have three one page three sections what do. I want to get rid of what do. I want instead what might that be like how many of you have done that cool now.

Last question you guys ready now make sure by the way when you write what might that be like give yourself some space. So you have you have room to fill stuff in right. Doesn't need to be a lot of space. But give yourself some space.

So you can jot notes or whatever okay. So go by the whole format that we're working on tonight what do. I want to get rid of tonight what do. I want instead what might that be like what's important about that.

So watch again what do. I want to get rid of what do. I want instead what might that be like what's important about that should be four questions your page should be divided into four sections when you're done type done actually do this write. D type.

D4 in the chat. So. I know that all four steps are done cool your organs with me okay. Perfect now.

I'm gonna go really quick with some principles and what we're going to do in part three of tonight's webinar whatever we don't clear in part one we're going to finish in part two and we're going to install into your brain into your body into your field all the things you want instead would that be okay. Just mean just bring it on. Nancy says bring it on very cool okay. So because it's important when we're doing this one of the.

First things. I teach all of my students when they come to class whether it's a the killer influence class by the way killer influence and uh its derivative courses like vibr um uh attraction. Mastery and defense against the dark arts have been named the number one. NLP training programs in the world for the.

Last four years. I'm hoping to make it five. But uh our programs are like rated top amongst our peers. So this information is drawn from that body of knowledge this is really powerful okay.

But let me tell you about the entire system um because this is one tiny piece of a very big system. But we're going to before we do that um. I'm going to run through this really quick and. Then we're going to come back we're going to clear some stuff we're going to talk about the rules of the mind we're going to um look.

At ways to get access to all this all the things that we going to be that are available to you right. Um. So let's point at start with everything human beings do is in response to a feeling it's a feeling they want more of or a feeling they want a whole lot less of as you look. At the.

First entry on your sheet on a scale of. Z to 10 what's the number look. At each number pick the lowest one. First.

So most of you have ranked started with your tens and your eights and your sevens and your sixes find the lowest one. First okay. Right. So we're going to talk about one of the most powerful most important aspects of working with your your other than conscious mind your autonomic nervous system and that is integration of the different divisions to do that when need to talk about several things we need to talk about the imagination we need to talk about the physical body and we need to talk about the breath now there's two aspects to success that everybody needs in order to manifest or become the person they want to be the.

First is you need an you need a set of beliefs an identity that supports that one of my mentors used to say um that you can have or be or do anything you want in this life without as long as you're willing to become the person who deserves to have it okay. So does your belief system support you right. Well even if it doesn't we're going to show you how to change that okay. But every there's there's two kinds of beliefs that we have there's beliefs we know about and there's beliefs we know we don't in part three.

I'm going to show you how to unlock the beliefs you didn't know you have. So you can start changing them okay. We call this the anchor in the jet engine right. So let me explain that most people go through life with the equivalent of a jet engine or an anchor strapped to their back now most people are just trying to get more motivated they're trying to get more juice they're trying to get more passion they're trying to they're trying to to just muscle their way through right.

They're riding on that adrenaline and that's what we call the the jet engine you know you go to someone like. Robbins who's going to motivate you for three or four solid days you come out on fire and you and you do you he he's a master of guiding you through states that just fire you up and move you forward unfortunately motivation tends to wear off why does it wear off well a because it's based on temporary things okay. The other thing is that you didn't clear up the negativity you didn't clear up the things that are limiting you they're saying you can't do it. So you have to bring up your willpower to overcome those things okay.

Willpower is the junk candy of a mind okay. Um in fact the less willpower you have the more successful you tend to be that's very weird. I know it's very contradictory right. It's the imagination that you need to tap into because it's the imagination that generates everything else.

I've been a hypnotist for going on 40 years now. I've been a hypnotist literally since. I was 12 years old okay. One of the most important things that.

I learned at a very early age with classical hypnosis is this one concept and this is a concept that you need to understand this is one of the. Hidden laws of mental dynamics that most people don't get when the imagination and willpower are in conflict imagination wins every single time. I me say that two more times when the willpower and. Imagination are in.

Conflict willpower wins every single time okay. In the long run you can. Will yourself to do something in the moment. But you're going to pay the price for it.

Later on why is that because willpower is a finite resource if you're familiar with um willpower depletion. Theory uh by. Dr. Roy balme he'll tell you that your ability to generate will is largely dependent on how much sleep you've had and how much glucose is in your system and the faster you burn through th those two things the more rapidly you're you default to unconscious programming.

So if you've got a nervous system that's just packed full of negativity and and reasons why you can't and negative dialogue and negative self talk and things of that nature the moment you stop consciously focusing on what you want the more of those programs kick in automatically and you need to summon up more willpower to overcome it does that make sense. So the. First thing that has to happen is we have to look. At willpower as kind of like.

Plan. B right. When when when some everything else is not working and. I just need to muscle through it.

Then that's what. I do now. I'm. I'm a big believer in relentlessness okay.

But. I believe in intelligent relentlessness understanding how do. I optimize the system. So here's the the principle.

I want you to embrace when the imagination and. The. Willpower in. Conflict imagination wins your imagination doesn't take up energy as you understand it you need more it's it's it's it's got a massive reservoir of of energy to it and fortunately for you that's also your pathway to everything else right.

So imagination wins. So here's something. I want to talk to you about one of the things. I want to share with you is how do we actually how do you actually talk to the part of your mind or communicate is probably a better way to say it how do you communicate with the part of your mind that actually controls your imagination how do you communicate with the part of you that controls your heart rate your breathing your blood pressure well you use your imagination you get in touch with your imagination okay.

So. But when the conscious mind talks to you it talks to you in words it talks to you in a voice. So to speak when your other than conscious mind talks to you it speaks in the language of sensation it speaks in feelings and visuals and kinesthetics and sounds not necessarily words. But the tones and the volumes of the of the of the words actually have more impact and come from a deeper level of your subconscious mind or your other your autonomic nervous system than any other part and if you learn that language we call that the primary coding system.

Then you can go in and you can find literally how your neurology created a belief or a trauma or a fantasy or a. Daydream and you can tell it what to do instead you can tell it exactly what to do and what not to do you can create a vibrational field and a series of th of new neurological. Connections in your brain that reprogram your reticular activating system. So you perceive the world through a completely different set of lenses and that causes your autonomic nervous system to bring in opportunities for you that were always there.

But because of the belief system and the identity you were moving through the world in you couldn't perceive right. How many people have ever heard me talk about um the the six characteristics of lucky people has anybody ever heard me talk about this okay. So if you've watched movies like the secret or anything by. Dr.

Joe or or. Neville got well. I don't. I don't know if.

Neville. God ever talked about it. But we all or doct or. John as talks about this too uh if you've ever heard of the reticular activating system articular activating system is a part of your brain that determines what you pay attention to and what you ignore it's largely influenced by your belief systems your sense of identity and self-esteem and the body feelings that you're you you have at any given moment as those body feelings shift your perception of reality your.

Consciousness literally shifts okay. So everything starts to come together at this autonomic level. So let's start to put this together let's have an experience really really quickly okay. And this is where we we're going to talk about.

State control the ability to control your state at any given moment is the master key for getting in touch with your autonomic nervous system now the way we do this is primarily through a an aspect called posture and breathing we call it physiological. State control for every psychoemotional state that you can imagine or or conceive of or experience there is a physiology and breathing posture a physical posture that you stand or stand in or sit in and a way that you breathe that allows that feeling to manifest now. I have a whole two-day training just on that for my influence and manifestation students we don't have time to do that obviously. So.

I'm going to give you a really quick experience. So for this process what. I want you to do what. I want you to do now by if you're driving and.

I know some of you are if if you're operating any form of heavy equipment or heavy machinery don't do this exercise a lot of the content in this webinar involves altering your. Consciousness it involves you connecting your imagination your intention your breath and your physical body into a very systematic cohesive way. So trust me if you're driving this is not the time to be doing this right. If you're operating.

Machinery or anything any activity that involves your complete and undivided attention even if it doesn't. But you'd be distracted we don't want you to do this exercise. Now. Catch the replay and go through it when you're safe now if you really want to have the experience which we're going to have right.

Because again. I've talked a lot now it's time to actually experience transformation right. If you want to have this experience. Then what.

I want you to do is. I want you to find a safe if you're driving find a safe place to pull over put the card. Park turn off the engine put on the parking brake make sure your your your vehicle is safe and you will not be disturbed okay. If you're at home put the pets outside close the door turn off your phone unless you're using your phone to to watch this webinar right.

And what. I want now as we go through this process. I'm going to be. I'm going to be in many cases.

I'm going to be speaking rhetorically to you you at no. Time are you to type anything in the chat until. I ask you to type something in the chat does that make sense type in the chat if you understand what. I just asked you to do perfect right.

All the people in my zoom room are like yeah we know what's coming. Dr. D all right. All right.

For those of you out in uh in. YouTube land hold on to your butts this is going to get fun. Alana says. I'm parked very good.

Alana well done all right. So. I would prefer if you stand for this. But it's not 100% necessary.

So uh if you see parts of me disappear it means. I've. I've worked backwards through through my wonderful uh little backdrop. But.

I want you guys to stand up feet shoulder width apart now if you if you can't stand and sit with your spine straight your tailbone tucked sit on the edge of your chair. I want you to close your eyes. Close your eyes. And remember a time in your life when you felt the most amazing thrilling fulfilling all encompassing satisfying pleasure ever and yes.

You can do that if it's what makes you happy. I'm not the pleasure or police. I don't care. I don't care who you were with how many state lines you crossed what substances were involved not my not my.

Circ not my monkey not my circus all. I care about is that when you remember the most pleasurable experience ever when you're in that place and you see what you see and you hear what you hear and you smell and you taste what you smell and you taste there is an amazing wonderful feeling that you get a feeling of absolute pleasure and. I'd like you to notice. I'd like you to become aware that there's a place in your body where those amazing feelings start where they grow where they spread from take a moment notice where you feel that and point to it.

I want you to as you feel it. I want you to stand the way you were standing when that amazing pleasure hit you for the. First time. I.

Want. You to. Breathe the way you were breathing when that pleasure was surging and pulsing and vibrating all throughout your body making your heart sing it can be the most profound romantic or uh spiritual experience you've ever had it could be a pleasure as simple as biting into a freshly baked chocolate chip cookie. I don't care what the pleasure is.

I don't care who you were doing what you were with all. I care about is that when you go back into that feeling and you see what you see and you hear what you hear and you smell and you taste what you smell and you taste there's an amazing wonderful feeling that you get a feeling that lets you know your having the best time ever and there's a place in your body where those amazing feelings start where they grow where they spread from notice where it is and notice as you look. At it with your inner eyes. As you look.

Into that place where those amazing feelings start that there's a color maybe even a series of colors connected to those amazing feelings what color or colors might that be for you. First impression whatever it is just know what it is and imagine a brilliant ball of that energy floating above your head notice how the feelings in your body shift and change as. With. Every.

Breath. You. Take and every beat of your heart that amazing ball of energy begins to grow begins to expand begins to fill your entire being from the top of your head to the tips of your toes and all points in between notice how it wraps itself around you like an amazing blanket of pleasure a cocoon a shield a suit of armor insulating you. Protec you from all less than pleasurable experiences real or imagine well at the same time flooding your mind flooding your body flooding your spirit with everything it most wants everything you most needs in an infinite ever expanding and.

Unlimited. Supply when you know you've got that breathe those amazing colors through your being once again and just dissolve into it resolve into it now as you do that. I'm going to ask you another question if there was a picture if there was a picture floating somewhere in the space around you that represented that amazing wonderful experience a picture you could reach out and touch while touching the place in your body where that feeling started from take your other hand and reach out and touch that picture. First impression trace the outline of it now with both of your hands.

So you know how big it is and let's make sure we've got the right. One grab the edges of it with both of your hands and like you'd expand the window on your tablet or your touchcreen or your iPhone make the picture really big expand it to fill the room notice what happens to the feelings in your body do they get stronger or do they get weaker. However your body does it not doesn't matter now. Bring that pack picture back to its original size and location keep the picture exactly the same size now holding it in your hands keeping the picture exactly the same size slowly pull it closer to your body and notice what happens to the feelings in your body do they get stronger or do they get weaker when you know you've got that go ahead and push it back to its original space lift it up over your head pull it down around you like a big blanket as you pull it down around you like a big blanket what happened to the feelings now did they get stronger did they get weaker did your perspective on those things change whatever happened is okay.

That's how your system does it now once you've done that you can have these feelings back in whatever way you want. But for the sake of our drill. I want you to unwrap those feelings lift them back up over your head now most of you know what a frisbee is or something that is similar to a frisbee where you come from. I want you to imagine this thing is now shaped like a.

Frisbee and. I want you to throw that frisbee all the way behind you back behind the. Horizon to see it sink down below the. Horizon till it disappears completely from your mind your body and your spirit when you know it's done it's locked it's gone down there behind the.

Horizon scan your body and notice what's changed scan your body notice what's changed when you notice the change lift your hands back up and imagine now that your hands are the most powerful frisbee magnets in the universe and suck that good feeling right. Back into your hands and as you hold that frame above your head. I'm going to teach you the most important and most empowering thing you will ever hear today maybe for the rest of your life inside your mind body and soul you are the god or goddess of your reality you are the king or queen of your universe and you have every right. Privilege and authority to make any change that you want for any reason that you want and.

I'd like you to play with that power you have right. Now. I'd like you to take this picture that your holding and. I want you to play with it.

I want you to make it bigger make it smaller move it up move it down move it in your body move it outside your body move it around your body notice how every time you move that picture you change the size shape and location the feeling the quality of that feeling the intensity of that feeling grows stronger and stronger changes. However it needs to change with each change that you make and. I want you to keep playing with it. I want you to keep playing with it until you find the exact size shape and location that gives you the exact feeling that you want to have the exact intensity level that you want to have it when you find that feeling fix it into place and notice how the energy from that picture flows from the picture to your heart from your heart to your bloodstream from your bloodstream every place your blood flows those feelings go into every nerve into every cell and every atom into the very.

DNA of those cells changing transforming reprogramming turning each and every cell of your body into a powerful. Perpetual pleasure. Factory each cell of your body generating more and more and more of those amazing feelings in an infinite ever expanding and. Unlimited.

Supply there's no. Need to measure it or manage it or make it happen faster just notice that process taking place allow it to install itself completely and when you know it's locked in impossible to change or transform test it try to turn it off try to take it away try to imagine some other. Mo fell out in the real world changing trying to take that away and notice what happens instead now when you're satisfied you're ready for more you're ready to go further before you open your eyes. Stop testing allow your eyes.

To open and notice how good you feel and when you're. Finally back type into the chat what you just experience what just happened. Zach says amazing this is a pretty good way to start the day huh. Peter says peace.

Logan says gratitude excellent the power of imagination can change the way you feel and think yes. Yes. Dylan says that was gold. Maddie says.

I literally didn't feel anything oh we can fix that. Maddie you might need to call us though. Dylan says. Rich haha okay.

Feels really good and anchored in yes. Okay. Now. I could spend literally the.

Next three and a half to four hours just talking about all the. Neuroscience behind what we just did okay. For those of you who didn't feel something chances are a you weren't following instructions or. B you've got some extra dissociation in there there is a technique for breaking through that um.

But. I wouldn't recommend doing it unless. I'm in the room with you or one of my people is in the room with you or um you don't you know you have other types of support okay. So uh.

Clowny says. I feel. Heavenly. Adriana says relieved.

D. David. Orman says life altering uh yo. Charlie says.

I'm still there yeah you will be right. Um for those of you who maybe you know. I'm just. GNA say this do this at your own risk.

I will not take any responsibility for the flood of emotions that you start to feel if you're having trouble feeling some something usually it's because you're you're not you're not allowing yourself to feel it and that means that you your neurology has installed an extra layer of insulation between your proprioceptive grid out here your your proprioceptive awareness and your inceptive awareness. So what you do is you grab you trace the outline of the picture you grab it you slam it into the spot where the feeling should be and you pull it out you slam it in and you pull it out and you keep doing that until the stagnation breaks up and the two divisions start communicating again um there's a video on my. YouTube channel it's from like 2014 where. I.

I was teaching a. Meetup in. Florida and. I had a lady that that needed that and she wed up.

Abri acting right. In the middle of the room we had to do some stuff to fix her. But yeah. Maddie says.

I definitely struggle with dissociation and by the way dissociation does not mean you're broken okay. None of you are broken it's just your nervous system's been doing things pretty much on autopilot and you haven't had the access to the operating system the username and password or the owner's name what. I just gave you with point to where you feel it reach out and touch it that's the username and password let me repeat that for those of you to use a a more modern uh technological metaphor when you point to where you feel it and you reach out and touch it you just access the username and password to the dashboard that allows you to change everything simple. Rick says.

I got a tingle in my big toe is that nor could be here's the thing you need to understand your unconscious mind your autonomic nervous system communicates in the language ofation it does not communicate in words it doesn't speak. French it doesn't speak. English it doesn't speak. Hindi it doesn't speak farsy it doesn't speak.

Japanese it speaks what we call the primary encoding system right. It's visual auditory kinesthetic ol. Factory gustatory the problem that we have from a neural linguistic perspective is people think they're visuals and they think they're auditories and they think they're. K they kinesthetics and olda here's the bottom line behind all that crap and it's not crap.

But it's not useful for what we need to do all of you are kinesthetics because no. Matter what sequence of the brain you you use to get to the behavior part okay. What what's important is every every one of those visual auditory kinesthetic. Factory gustatory strategies that.

NLP lifestyle results in you having a body feeling and. Then an external behavior in other words kinesthetic internal kinesthetic external and that's what stimulates and generates your behavior every time you have a body feeling it triggers a bunch of different neurological processes that cause you to behave in a very predictable way. So. Chris is saying where can.

I find the replay. I love your it'll be on the. YouTube channel under the live stream section okay. But you might want to hang out uh because uh there is some one time some uh limited time stuff that we're going to make an offer shortly that will allow you to to really get the biggest bang for your buck.

So. I was just starting to feel something. I all right. You must clavor did you come in late by any chance because.

I. I literally again. I'm not. I'm not picking on you.

But. I literally said make sure the door is locked the phone is off the pets are out of the room right. Right. So and.

I you know what. I'm just gonna. I'm just. I'm.

G to shout out real quick to my. YouTubers. Dominic thank you. So much for for uh reaching out to.

Maddie that way um the idea is we all start off with things we can do really really fast and things that we have to work up to right. And and. So the idea behind this is it doesn't really matter how long it takes you now we specialize in very direct very no. Nobs rapid change.

But some people have certain things that they have to to work through and you know every not everybody can have a home run it's a base hit. But you all capable of it right. So. I really.

I just want to know one of the things. I love about our community is how supportive everybody is of each other and how they they reach out and they they support each other. So. I'm really proud of you guys for that.

So thank you um that being said what happened when you tried to make it go away for those of you who who experienced this what happened how rapidly did your state change. Ardo said pretty instant right. Chris said slowly okay. Anybody else fast okay.

Good good good good okay. So what you just did. Dylan says. Dylan says stuck.

I don't know what stuck means. Dylan. Nisha says this is our tribe of cool people. Adriana says it changed quite fast yeah for most people it's pretty rapid right.

Let me just says one. Second by the way if it took. You two minutes to change your feelings how many of you have ever tried all for hours on end to change your feelings and you couldn't do it compared to those is it still fast right. It's all relative right.

But here's the secret to this in that drill we integrated your intention your imagination your physical body all the divisions of your nervous system and your imagination okay. And we link them all together using a language every part of you understands and that's why the change was. So fast you know the one thing we didn't use was willpower right. Chances are if some of you found yourself blocked it was because you were trying to will yourself to feel a certain thing right.

Willpower actually blocks imagination sometimes. But willpower and. Imagination are are they they have this. LoveHate relationship all right.

And. I'm not going to. I'm not going to get too far into that. So one of the things that has to happen is you have to have an identity that supports your ability to become the person you want to be and that manifests as and there's two and that brings us to the.

Second piece that everybody who wants to have the to manifest reality needs to do is they need to take action they need to be able to take fast decisive action to embody the things that they want now there's two reasons that people don't take action they don't want to or they don't want to what. David you just repeated yourself they don't want to or they don't want to the question is why why don't they want to how many of you have ever suffered from procrastination anybody or just your you're you're more afraid to have something than you are than you want it well congratulations there's two reasons people procrastinate they're either afraid of something or they don't know what they don't know they don't know how to do something. So that manifests from an inability to take action as uh. Eduardo says is this a form of advanced willpower no.

It's it's actually much higher than willpower okay. Uh is willpower is is will involved yes. But it's not an overabundance of will it's not what the the hermetics call the lust for results the trying too much anytime you perceive the you perceive effort in thinking about something you're engaging too much will this is one of the things that uh we need to understand if we're going to go further and further into reprogramming the unconscious mind which brings us to the. Second law of of mental dynamics that.

I want to talk about. First one. I gave you was when when the imagination and. The.

Willpower are in. Conflict the imagination always wins take it to the bank everything human beings do is in response to a feeling it's either a feeling they want more of or a feeling they want a whole lot less of the. Second the. Third one is um what was.

I just talking about. I just open loop myself um oh the law of unconscious response in classical hypnosis and classical hypnosis is like the great granddaddy of all the other personal transformation systems out there. So you need to understand that classical hypnosis and hypnotherapy has stood the test of time it's a real thing now we have a very modern approach hypnosis. But.

I want you to understand. I'm standing on the shoulders of giants right. I literally guys like. Dave.

Elman and. Milton. Ericson and. Richard bandler and.

Mike. Mandel and and you know. Richard nongard and and a lot of these old you know burnheim and and you know all these other famous famous hypnotists right. Um when the law of unconscious response tells us that the more we try to consciously intend or will something to happen the more deeply and rapidly the unconscious mind either steps back and does nothing or generates the opposite of what we want we say that a couple more times the law of unconscious response teaches us that anytime we try to will the unconscious mind to do something consciously the unconscious mind steps back and does nothing or it does the opposite of what we want now how do.

I know this how many of you have ever had trouble falling asleep just type it in the chat how many how many of you ever had trouble falling asleep. Last night lucky six right. How many of you tried to will yourself to go to sleep how many of you tried to will yourself to go to sleep how'd that work how' that work how many of you have ever tried to do like some of these weird mind games where you raising lower blood pressure how many you ever tried to will your blood pressure to get lower how'd that work. So here's the secret the way you bypass the blockages of the critical faculty the neocortex is through the body and through the imagination when the body and the imagination are synced up and harmonized in the right.

Direction it does not matter what your conscious mind wants to believe. I'm. G say that two more times. I just dropped a.

I just dropped an a bomb here when your body feelings and your imag in ination are synchronized it does not matter what your conscious mind wants to believe okay. This is why. I didn't ask you to tell me what it was like or to will yourself to have an experience. I had you remember the experience.

I had you to re had you just relive the experience and generate the feelings by the way just for. Grins and. Giggles when. I ask you to point to where you feel it reach out and touch it did you guys find a picture type in the chat yes.

Or yes. And what happened when you made the picture bigger now a lot of people who who do this automatically the the feeling gets stronger some people when you make the picture bigger the feeling gets weaker that's okay. Right. We call you we call people who are uh expanders that when you get expand the picture it gets stronger and when we make it smaller it gets stronger we call them concentrators right.

Now did. I tell you to do that or did your brain just do it did your did your aut actually it wasn't your brain it was your autonomic nervous system okay. There's levels to your nervous system that have a huge amount of intelligence and control over everything else. But until you can log in point to where you feel it reach out and touch it you don't have the username and password you can't get to the dashboard okay.

I gave you the username and password if you can point to where you feel it you can change it okay. Kon says uh. I hope. I pronounced that right.

I was in the picture when you made it bigger yes. Some of you when you make the picture bigger you'll go from watching yourself in the picture to just snapping right. Into it right. Why because you're communicating now in the language of the autonomic nervous system in the part of you that controls your thoughts your feelings your beliefs your your your.

FES your. Daydreams your traumas you're speaking that language at the right. Level and if you keep speaking that language you will unlock literal magic in your nervous system because everything that's been holding you back everything that's been limiting you in or or making you feel bad in any way shape or form was built using the system you just accessed it just happened outside of your conscious awareness and outside of your conscious control that changes today if you're willing to be trained if you're willing to learn shine says whatat if you don't feel it in your physical body pretend that you do that's a great question some people especially when. I work with people with dissociative identity disorder or extreme levels of dissociation a lot of times.

U you'll ask them where they feel it and they say. I don't feel anything well pretend you did where would you feel it they make something up guess what works just as well why because the part of you that controls your fantasies that controls your body feelings that controls your imagination that controls your traumas that controls your long-term memories is also the part that makes things up it's the part that plays pretend and that's why if you can be as a little child just like the. Bible says be as a little as little children and play with your imagination get your body involved the magic is. Unleashed does that make even if it doesn't make sense that's how it works okay.

But some people you have point to where they feel it and they they they feel something. But they say well. I feel it out here that's okay. They can point to it they can change it what you'll notice with people who have this is for coaches and therapists out there what you'll notice if you start applying these methodologies in your treatment room with clients who have strong levels of dissociation as you start to peel back and dissolve the layers of trauma the feeling they've projected out here will start to migrate towards the core of the body you you'll notice it just it'll just start to happen okay.

Don't believe me test it for those of you who are therapists and clients go into the treatment room work these principles if you need more training call us we'll show you how to do that. But take these principles into your treatment room and test them don't believe what. I say test it right. Most hypnotists fail because they don't test and most hypnotists don't test because they're afraid to fail we test everything all the time.

I had you test yourself several times in that one exercise right. Now. Alana says. I love this technique well guess what you're going to love it even more in about five 10 minutes okay.

Because that's that what. I just gave you is the. Rosetta. Stone of unlocking the power of your nervous system if you're willing to play hear what.

I said if you're willing to to play how many of you when you made the picture bigger it got stronger when you made the picture smaller it got smaller what happened when you wrapped it around you what happened when you wrap the picture around you type it in the chat even stronger actually. Zack you said something really interesting makes total sense we are projection of any way a projection of the. Soul that's actually more true than not. But this is not the the seminar for that.

Ardo says. I was in it jod says tingly and happy felt cozy. Rhino. God 32 says how can we test new techniques we created very simple remember one of the core things again again.

I could spend like literally a day and a half just teaching you the neuroscience and and and all the different things that went into the little. Technique we did. But here's the bottom line for um rhino. The moment.

I point to where. I feel it. I've tapped into the interceptive nervous system of my body the moment. I reach out and touch it.

I've tapped into the propri receptive or exteral uh division of my nervous system. I'm using hands to do it which lights up the left the right. Brain and the left brain okay. I'm also seeing.

I'm also hearing. I'm also smelling and. I'm also tasting. So all the cortexes of the brain will light up too towards one thing with one goal and all of a sudden the everything in the system lines up and the change happens try to go back to feeling the original way and notice what happens instead notice what happens right.

If you take the drill. I just gave you and you play with it every day you play with it for five or 10 minutes in the morning you play with it for five or 10 minutes at lunch you play with it for five or 10 minutes before you go to bed you will systematically unlock the neuroplasticity inherent in your mind and body you will create deeper and deeper levels of connection to every one of those systems. I've just mentioned and you will have more and more control over them now again that's to us that you know to my students and stuff like that this is what you just got is more advanced than what 99.999999999% of the people ever learn and it's just our baby stuff okay. Don't believe me test it okay.

You you don't got to believe it you just got to do it okay. But one of the reasons. I. I started with pleasure was because pleasure can be a.

Panacea what does that mean a lot of you know that um. I've been a licensed acupuncture. I've been seeing clients for physiological illness that is caused by repressed emotion since 2005 okay. I've dealt with every form of trauma and abuse from child molestation active.

Shooters post uh complex post-traumatic stress you. War trauma domestic you name it okay. Cult abuse. I've dealt with all of it and one of the problems that you have a lot of times is those clients have never ever felt safe and.

So if you ask them to remember a time when they felt safe they can't do it they have a huge amount of psychoemotional resistance to going into safety. But almost nobody resists pleasure and they have an uncounted number of pleasure resources that they can tap into and pleasure is very very very very close to the element or the the experience of safety and. So we can start by generating this massive massive pleasure state in us now another reason why we use pleasure um how just by a quick show of hands can we use this for sleep yes. Suma you can 100% 100% how many of you hold on there someone just typed a a freaking okay.

Um someone just typed a warrant piece in my chat over here. So here's the here's a secret. I got sorry. I got.

I got open looped um what was. I just talking about this is one of the reason. I sometimes don't like to to look. At the chats because.

I get distracted um what was the. Last thing. I was saying before uh before. I said.

I talked about the war in peace oh how many people here know how many uh repetitions you have to go through to to build a new neurological circuit in your brain how many how many times do you have to go through something no. Not how many days how many repetitions how many times do you have to repeat something to create the neurological circuit and. Then wire it in one time seven all right. So.

Heather is one of my mega students and she's got a lot of. Neuroscience. But she's going for the she knows it's a trick question. So she's giving me a different answer right.

For most people to learn a new skill takes about 10 thou 5 to 10,000 repetition if you're serious and you work hard and you do the repetitions over and over and over and over again okay. If you're having fun and you gamify it and you're playful with it it takes you what. Heather said she says three to seven um other studies say 12. So let me ask you a question what would you rather do 10,000 reps is something that sucks or 12 three to 12 repetitions of something that's awesome to get the same level skill which would you rather do because they both work which is more efficient which is more fun which is more effective this is why we gave you pleasure.

First because if we can if we can saturate the body with pleasure we create the ideal conditions in the body for deep level permanent change in a fraction a decimal point of the time right. If you've ever read the book. Master what it say 20 20 to 30,000 repetitions to be a master right. This is how you hack it is that useful by the way is that useful.

I think. So now. I gotta be honest. I.

I have to uh give credit where credits do one of my very. First martial arts teachers. Grandmaster. Remy.

Pros founder of an art called modern arnes when. I was studying with him back in my early 20s he would he would demand that everybody who's training in arnes have a smile on their face he would say smile and you will be happy and you will learn and you would be happy and he was a he was a genius right. Because he knew even back. Then he knew that if you were training and you were having fun and you were experiencing pleasure in what you're doing you were going to grab out your ner system was going to grab a hold of that stuff faster and deeper than if you try to step to.

Serious your way through okay. Right. Now some of us need a little need a little help in rehearsing pleasure and that's okay. Because you got the frame.

Game frame game is point to where you feel it reach out and touch it right. You notice when you move the picture around the feelings changed yes. How many you notice when you started moving the picture around the quality is and the intensity of the feelings change yes. Or yes.

Okay. So what literally happened for you was you took. A memory right. Turned it into a color connected it to a picture and.

Then you decided exactly how you wanted it to feel and you fixed it into that spot you let the energy come into your heart into your body to your heart to your bloodstream and you spread it through your system isn't that what you did and what happened try to try to turn that state off and notice what happens instead okay. Okay. So how many of you would like to take this further. Okay.

Cool. So at the beginning of today's training. I teased you a little bit about learning about the whole system and um that whole system is called the identity by. Design system um.

I'm going to show it to you really quick and. Then we're going to talk about. So the technique you just learned we teach right. About here oops that's not the sharing.

I wanted h yeah. Anyway um yeah let me go ahead do this for some reason. I'm gonna. I'm gonna skim through this really quick and.

Then. I'm going to show you how to get access to the complete system. So the technique you just learned we teach right. About here okay.

So we're g to in this in the identity by. Design system we teach you how to go into alter your state at will in other words we give you the username and pass oops we give you the username and password. Then we teach you how to clear out the negativity that's locked in your body that you didn't even know was there how to remove specialized negativity this is all the secret reasons your nervous system has for holding on to stuff if you've ever dated somebody if you dated if you've ever dated different people the same person with a different face over and over and over again you know what. I've talk.

I'm talking about if you've ever had familiar feelings and unfamiliar situations and circumstances you know what. I'm talking about you've ever made the same mistake in the same situations over and over and over again even though you knew better this is the area we're talking about if you've ever um noticed that you just can't seem to feel good we're going to teach you how to install the most powerful positive. States imaginable. So they become your default.

So that your reticular activating system is always looking moving through the world sorting for the opportunities for those of you who've ever had that shitty voice in your head you know what the voice. I'm talking about the one that just said what voice we're going to teach you how to systematically change that dialogue. So that it becomes your most powerful. Mentor guide and cheerleader okay.

From there we're going to take this entire process and we're going to systematically remove all the negativity from your past and and we're going to take all the energy out of it move all that energy into all your positive memories and make all of those memories bigger and stronger. So that when you remember the past you only remembered in ways that make your life better we take this entire sequence of processes and we install it at the. G oops sorry. I keep clicking on that we stall it at the genetic level as a template in your.

DNA that causes your nervous system to automatically apply all of those processes to every memory every trauma every. Daydream and fantasy that you've ever had or will have automatically once you have that. Foundation laid we're going to teach you how to install in your own mind and body all the traits qualities and characteristics of people who you truly want to be like. So if there's somebody has a talent that you would like to have in yourself we'll show you how to install that if there is a certain um skill set or a certain level of awareness that you'd like to embody we'll show you how to do that if there's something you'd like to remove and replace with something else we'll show you how to do that this is called the identity by.

Design system and it forms one of the core uh transformation in alchemical processes for. R rapidly reprogramming your other than conscious mind in the shortest amount of time possible fact the change work from this is. So powerful it literally takes anybody who can't even spell hypnosis into one of the most powerful hypnotists on the planet able to hypnotize anyone anytime anywhere for any reason and make any change they want for any reason that they want. So.

I wanted to share that with you um because again what. I shared with you in the in the. First part of today's webinar is just a tiny piece and you see how powerful that is when you start stacking these things they get stronger and stronger and stronger. So um that being said let me go ahead and you guys ready to figure out how to get access to that yes.

Or yes. Okay. So without further. Ado with your permission.

I'd like to talk to you about the mastering your mind reality reprogramming and personal transformation for healing influence and success home study course this is a program that has proven to be one of the most powerful transformational silos. U that we've come across and. I made. I created it by accident it's one of it was one of those rare occasions where you're you're digging for gold and you strike.

Platinum it's just it was just the the the course and the scope of the change work that this thing created was just off the hoof right. So it's all about let me make this a little bit bigger. So. I can read it it's all about manifesting wealth and abundance and aligning your your yourself with prosperity.

Consciousness attracting financial success effortlessly it's all about mastering persuasion and influence to get the people to say yes. Without resistance using. NLP type techniques it's about learning how to transform your relationships learning how to build deep emotional connections improve. Communications and attract the right.

People into your life okay. For those of you who have weed issues we can tell show you how to deal with that too uh it's all about creating and. Building inside of yourself. Unstoppable confidence and.

Charisma to step into any room radiating a power and a magnetism and. Authority that is the. Envy of everyone that you meet people want to be around you they want to hang out with you they want to be like you okay. We're going to teach you how to break free from things like fear and procrastination how to program your mind to take.

Massive. Action and achieve your biggest goals faster than you ever thought possible okay. The the the mastering your mind uh system is all about creating rapid powerful lasting. Transformations it's all about using the power of your unconscious mind and reprogramming all those things that you thought were outside of your control to give you more power freedom and choice over every aspect of your life.

So without further. Ado let me tell you what you're going to get as we go through this process okay. Now everything. I'm about to share with you is uh packaged together uh and it's and the the it expires tonight uh.

January 30th 2025. So let's go ahead and go through this. So. First of all you're going to get the uh mastering your mind training program this is going to be from our secrets of.

Personality transformation home study course it's a 14 video set that will teach you step by step the seven level identity by design process for controlling your mind transforming your identity and manifesting the person you want to be instead of the person that. Society education religion politics geography programmed you to be it's all about restoring your own sense of personal freedom and choice and moving through the world as my teacher like to say. Lilian bridges used to say standing in the light of your truth to to move through the world embodying the very best version of yourself to do that we're going to teach you how to clear the unconsciously held negative emotions and beliefs you didn't even know you have people have two kinds of body feelings they also have two kinds of beliefs they have feelings they're aware of and they have feelings they're not aware of you have beliefs you know about and beliefs you don't we're going to show you strategically systematically how to find both sets of beliefs and unlock them and change them using pieces the technology you saw at the beginning of tonight's webinar. But also all the other aspects of the identity by.

Design system you'll get the whole system in one complete package no. Peace meals right. And each what you'll discover as you go through that training is that each piece. Builds on the piece that went before in a synergistic exponential way.

But and when if you really go through the process you'll be able to do the entire seven stages anytime anywhere under any circumstances for any reason in less than eight minutes. I promise you if you apply the training you do what we say you'll be able to do that now right. We'll teach you how to remove the unconscious safety rules that are keeping you stuck we're going to teach you how to remove the negative voices in your head that hold you back you know the voices in your head that just said what voice yeah we're going to show you how to get rid of that we're going to install the four pillars of personal power that automatically move you through the world from a default state of power and possibility and being. Unstoppable in any way that's important to you we're going to sanitize the negativity from your past.

So when you look. Back on the past you only remembered in ways that make your life better you're going to install that personal success template into your genetic memory and. Then actually before you took. On a body.

So that it applies it it generalizes to every aspect of your life you won't even need to think about it right. Um it's going to be and. Then we'll teach you how to install the traits qualities and characteristics of the people you admire if you like my ability to do conversational hypnosis you can install that right. If you like um uh um.

Carolyn me's approach to energy healing or. Donna hedden's approach to energy healing you can install that right. If you are in. Neville.

Goddard or. Sherlock. Holmes or. Wolverine or whatever characters or or or pro athletes whoever you want you can install those qualities into yourself and add them to your existing skill sets and build on them it's very very powerful stuff it's called.

Deep. TR identification. Works exceedingly well for just about everything once you understand the process which is very simple right. We make everything easy for you we're going to teach you the most powerful step-by-step system of personal transformation anybody's ever come up with it's an integrative system that allows you to tap into the true magic and and uh.

Majesty for lack of a better word of your own autonomic nervous system. I'm really excited about this because. I see the. Transformations every single day and.

I'm excited for what it's going to do for you okay. So um that being said total value on this is $2,497 it comes with a complete manual um and. But we're going to we bundled in a whole bunch of other stuff for you. So not only you going to get this amazing program we've put some things together that will synergistically work with your identity by.

Design training and allow you to expand the capabilities of your nervous system into every aspect of your life whether you're into manifestation and. Law of. Attraction as an extension of. Neuroscience and quantum physics and quantum mechanics or you're more interested in the more uh older approaches to working with.

Quantum energy. Mystic mysticism like dosm. Buddhism cabala uh chiong neong will show you how to bridge that. Gap into a core a um a core path that unites all these things in a very systematic provable verifiable way.

So let me show you what else we got for you. So we're going to include with this program. The. Hidden.

Laws of. Attraction uh ultimate manifestation. Mastery home study program again hidden. Laws of.

Attraction is a very creation of our identity by. Design system and it works very synergistically with the identity by. Design system it's going to allow you to unlock the power of your subconscious mind to quickly manifest anything you want and there are some things in here that. I've.

I've been able to manifest some of the most patently impossible stuff you can imagine in fact if you want to learn more about that after you get your package and you want to see what you're in for there's a video on my. YouTube channel called funny. Law of. Attraction storage and it's me it's just like an a 45 minutes to an hour of me just telling one manifestation story and experience of me or my clients or my students after another after another after another and if you follow that coursework you're going to actually experience many of the things that the people in the room actually did in terms of being able to actually manifest and transform physical matter you'll be able to test it right.

In your hand right. In your right. In your own home right. You're going to become magnetic for money we're going to teach you how to influence people both in person and remotely starting with yourself how to find and remove the hidden negativity and blocks to manifest station that you didn't even know were there right.

How to clear up those issues that just don't seem to go away one of the things. I've noticed is a lot of times we have a health problem or a back pain or an injury we go in and we see that the the. X-ray the. MRI there's nothing there right.

And and. But we can't we still feel like crap how does that work well we're going to teach you how to find the reasons that your neurology is actually holding on to that pain or that suffering. So you can give it something else to do instead okay. We're going to teach you one of the most powerful ways to use hypnotic language to program your own mind um we might actually play with this a little bit towards the end of tonight's webinar.

But if you if you've done the work with the four questions like what do. I want to get rid of what do. I want instead um what might that be like and what's important about uh we're g you you we might use one of these techniques. So you can experience that what what.

I'm going to do is going to give you something that's very very powerful um and doesn't necessarily rely on language. But you can use language um. So the qu there's. I'm getting a lot of questions about the.

Shadow. Self the. Shadow. Self is just your negativity it's just the crap you've accumulated right.

You can give it all the names you want um one of the things what if you notice that have this little poster up here for unleashing the magic within. So let me talk about that really quick for those of you who are in interested in spirituality and psychic self-defense and psychic protection things of that nature that's the class that you want to go to right. Um the way that negative entities if you believe in them find access to your system is through the negativity you've accumulated. So just going through this process of clearing your out will cause you to be get get taken off the menu for less than positive entities and even people for that matter you'll become much harder to influence in a negative or manipulative way.

So as a byproduct of this training you become harder and harder to influence because you're going to have more and more autonomy and control over your own life okay. We're going to teach you how to delete the negativity and. VI vibrational imprints from your past. But we're also going to help you become aware of how the people around you are constantly imprinting you through your proceptive nervous system through your cardiac nervous system through your mirror neurons and how all that can be taken under your control very very simply in fact all the things.

I just mentioned the heart nervous system from like hotmath.com nervous system and your mirror neurons all of that was activated in the drill we did at the beginning of today's webinar all right. Like. I said. I could spend two days going through the the neuroscience and the studies and how this all comes together and at the end of the day it will still come down to point to where you feel it reach out and touch it what do you want instead okay.

You don't need to know how to build the car to drive the car. But you do need to know how the car is built if you want to improve the car right. Or you need to find somebody who does know how to do that right. So that's what this is about this is about getting results quick right.

All right. So let's see here um. I'll teach you the most powerful uh manifestation technology that. I've ever come across which is called image cycling and.

I've tested a lot of stuff and image cycling is still the fastest easiest most userfriendly way to safely manifest the things you want um all this is a value of $1,997. But there's more if you grab your package today you're also going to get these special bonuses right. You're going to get the identity by. Design hypnotherapy home study course.

VI it at 1,497 dollars. Now secrets of personal transformation is a personal. Alchemy program in other words it's going to teach you the identity by. Design.

Silo in the context of doing this by yourself on yourself this program is about leveling up it's about taking those skill sets and expanding them out into a professional setting if you're a coach. A. A. Healer an energy worker a therapist okay.

This is where you learn how to take all these techniques and apply them in the clinic for change work with other humans to help them get over traumas and limiting beliefs to remove the negativity they didn't even know they had to remove the safety lesson. So that the stuff they're coming to you for doesn't keep coming back right. How to uh program into them the default driver states that automatically move you forward and lead you to success right. How to clean up the negativity that just keeps seem that that just keeps coming back right.

How to sanitize the negativity from their past and move all that energy into those positive memories put them back in their timeline and make them bigger. So that you when you look. Back on the past you only remember it in ways that make your life better okay. Um it's also going to teach you again how to install things in people like different identities uh different personality traits different qualities and attributes right.

And. Then we're gonna and it also takes you into um your. First regression. Level.

Training um identity by. Design as far as the therapeutic track in our in our system everything starts with identity by design from there you either go into killer influence or you go into uh real world trauma resolution which has two schools of regression you have vibrational regression and you have classical regression we teach you both schools. So that no. Matter what happens you're ready.

But your. First classical regression technique is is a is a technique called the gift which is what you learn in this program this program will teach you how to go back into the past to your most powerful joyful transformational. I'm having the best life ever moment and give that younger version of yourself the gift of forn knowledge and what happens is when you go back and you give that youngest happiest version of yourself all of this amazing information every it generalizes kind like when you upload you upgrade your operating system around all your existing software it's really really powerful and it's safe right. Because it's all about pleasure once again the idea here is the more we can embody positive powerful joyful pleasurable.

States the more rapidly our whole body gets healthier right. By a show of hands really quick how many of you would like to be as much as 30% or more better at everything anybody how many of you would like to be at least 30% better at everything here's all you got to do do that drill we started with the pleasure drill because what what guys like. Chris. Voss and other.

FBI hostage negot ators discovered was that when you move through the world embodying a sense of playful let's see what happens explorational curious energy you're up to 31% more aware you're 31% more perceptive more extrapolative more integrative and you're 31% more persuasive you learn up to 31% faster now that's just your benefits how many people would like to have 30% or more people saying yes. To them in other words if your closing rate now is is 20% what if you could boost it to 50% would that be helpful all you've got to do is be. H be fun playful and easygoing that comes from the field of. Hostage negotiation right.

The only thing more stressful than hostage negotiation is an. LA pickup bar or my. IRS okay. I'm teasing about the.

IRS audit. La pickup art is way more stressful my point is when you can move through the world embodying these amazingly powerful pleasurable. States everything gets better faster even the heinous stuff if you're a therapist that deals with high levels of trauma and. I've got a lot of students who do that when you approach it from this fun easygoing playful way you're just much better able to help the people in your chair right.

So for those of you who are professionals at this this is something that that. I really really really recommend that you grab a hold of while you have the opportunity right. It's a $1,497 value we're going to give it to you absolutely free. So the total combined value on this is $2,994.

I don't think that's right. No. That can't be right. I think there's an extra slide in here okay.

Okay. Hidden. Laws of. Attraction.

So. EXA 5,491 there we go okay. So your. Next question course is going to be real world conversation hypnosis this is our stealth.

CPI. Universal persuasion protocol level one training one of the reasons that we include this this training in the program is that it's one thing to have your inner game down. But you also need that you need to take care of that skill set remember. I said there's two reasons people don't take action they don't want to or they don't want to the.

First reason they don't want to is they don't know how they don't have the requisite skill sets necessary to move their life forward this solves that problem because no. Matter what you're doing no. Matter where you're going no. Matter who you're interacting with you're going to need people to say yes.

To you you're going to want people to believe in you to trust you to follow your lead to comply with you and want to want to help you. So this is the program that we give that allows you to express that inner magic powerfully in the real world it's going to teach you how to hypnotize or or. Mesmerize for lack of a better word uh anyone anytime anywhere in an ethical honest way how to literally reach into their hearts and. Minds find out what they most need and want link it to what you offer and show them in a very clear way that's obvious to them that you can get anything you want by doing what by by them doing what you want it's the most powerful win-win system on the planet it's going to teach you how to bond with people anytime anywhere under any circumstance for any reason how to create deep powerful lasting connections that are where people are just loyal to you and it becomes nearly impossible for people to undersell you or under price you right.

People will find excuses for wanting to work with you or hang out or spend more time with you it'll teach you how to systematically cause anyone anything you want to mean anything you want in the minds of your listener even if those things have absolutely nothing in common it'll allow you to make anything you want seem to cause anything you want in the minds of yourself and your listeners. So again when you apply these things to your own mental programming you'll find new and. Powerful ways to recruit the true power and potential of your nervous system to maximize your transformation in minimum time and you'll be able to transfer that into other people to guide them and create powerful marketing material sales copy things that really make people want to be with you and spend time with you and do the things that you want to do you're going to find out as a byproduct of the training people are going to say yes. A whole lot more say no.

A lot less and you're. G to feel really good about yourself because every time you look. In the mirror you'll know that you're wielding the most powerful and ethical system of human influence on the planet okay. This is there's like seven different language patterns that just control and and influence every aspect of your nervous system you learn how to use that in the context of influencing other people.

But when you bring this training back into your identity by. Design and your reality reprogramming system you're going to find that you can use them on yourself even more powerfully and effectively than you ever thought possible it's a $1,950 value uh we're going to bundle this with you fre why because we want you to have the inner game and the outer game when you bring them together you get. Synergy you get a whole that's greater than the sum of the parts uh we're going to give this to you absolutely free. So total combined value on this is $744 if you register and you grab it before the end of the webinar um we're also going to include how many let me ask you a question how many of you have ever had like an epiphany moment like you're going through the world and you have a belief about something.

Then all of a sudden somebody says like one word and all of a sudden everything you thought changes spontaneously how many of you ever had that experience what if you had 14 different ways to create that experience in your own mind and in the minds of anyone you communicate with on demand what if you what if you had that magical power to just instantly change someone's beliefs or overcome an objection or win any argument in seconds would that be useful because that's exactly what this program does. Renegade reframing the. Art and. Science of.

Rapid conversational belief change how to overcome any objection or win any argument in 30 seconds or sometimes less depending on how long it takes you to actually finish speaking right. Um and we actually have a lot of fun with this uh this is based on a very uh powerful set of. NLP patterns known as slight of mouth uh. But it's it's been very simplified and and really revamped and revitalized to make you even more powerful and to actually allow you to learn to use it we actually include a card game uh in this training program where you can literally play the reframe game and you can do it for fake money or you can do it for like just a drinking game or whatever there's literally reframe cards included in the course where you just just practice giving a limiting belief objection or argument and.

Then you throw a reframe card at the person and they have to use that reframe to overcome that objection and. Then if you if you if you're successful. Then you get to challenge them and it's just a good fun way to just get your brain working like this right. And that's actually one of the things if you've ever been one of those people who wish they could be faster on their feet thinking that could just come out with something fun or or smart or witty to say this is one of the trainings that will really kind of give you the leg up in a fun playful way.

But it's also one of the ways that you can learn how to protect yourself you see one of the things that um we talked about at the beginning of the webinar was this idea of uh killer influence and the system that we've created uh was named the number one. NLP train in the world for the. Last four years well there were two versions of that program that were named the number one one was the original killer influence program the other was called defense against the dark arts defense against the dark arts was all about how to profile people who are predators who are narcissistic sociopathic uh dark triadis type people social. Predators people who use persuasion as a way to uh take advantage of people and one of the things we talked about in fact.

I'll be releasing a video from one of the very. First trainings of that very very shortly was this a of conversational profiling and in that particular video we identify 21 different linguistic patterns uh and reframe techniques that. Predators use to avoid taking responsibility or blame for the things that they do armed with this particular set of tools you can instantly turn the table on anyone who's trying to gasl light you trying to. Future promise you um and just blame and get you to take the blame for anything it's a very powerful skill set that we want you to have this because armed with this um you can turn any conversation to your advantage in an ethical way instantly right.

It allows you to step inside the minds of the people you're talking to understand their perspective and transform it from inside it is easily one of the most powerful processes that we offer and because everything about this particular package is about reprogramming your subconscious mind the most important and powerful person that this can transform is you in our weakling influence. Mastery coaching we regularly have people list all their limiting beliefs on a piece of paper and. Then we use these patterns to change those beliefs and what they find out is when they go through these patterns and they use on they can't go back to believing those things anymore your entire map of what's possible for you transforms in seconds. So this is really a.

GameChanger this is a life-changing super powerful program for influence and persuasion and for personal transformation. So. I. I really encourage you for no.

Other reason if you got this package for no. Other reason grab it for this this right. Because it's going to protect you and it's going to help you just grow into the person you want to be total value on this is a $1,950 value uh we're g to give it to you free why because we want you to have everything we want you to have everything you need for anything you might encounter we want you to be ready right. You guys put your faith in me you put your trust in me and.

I want to repay that. So uh that's why we're doing this. So once again let's look. At everything in the package you got the secrets of.

Personality transformation mind control mastery program it's the 14 video set plus the manual that teaches you the seven stage identity by design process it's a $2,497 value you're going to get the real world uh hypnosis identity by. Design hypnotherapy home study program that at $1,497. Value you're going to get the hidden. Laws of.

Attraction mind magic and manifestation. Master. Class $1,497 value you're also going to get the stealth. CPI real world conversational hypnosis uh program and training it's a 1, $950 value you're also going to get the.

Renegade reframing how to overcome any belief or change any objection overcome any objection in normal conversation uh in seconds $1,950 value total value on this is $939. But we're not going to stop there right. So today. I want to give you um.

I want to give you an advantage. I want to. I want you to start your 2025 off with the best possible tools for taking advantage of this new transformation that's going throughout our country right. Now uh and you're not going to have to pay $939 and you're not going to pay $ 5,347 if it were a half price or even a.

Third of the price $3,347 would it be a good deal for all the things. I just talked about if it were a. Third. Third of the price would that be good well we're not going to stop there obviously.

Jody says. I need this. I've been asking for this and here you are yes. I.

I fact. I recently. I posted uh. I posted on.

Facebook. If you've been waiting for a sign this is it right. Um if. I charge you $1,497 value would that be okay.

Right. Well obviously we're not going to do that. So for. Chinese.

New. Year because that we just literally celebrated it yesterday. Chinese. New.

Year you can get everything. I talked about master your mind home reality reprogramming home study course real world hypnosis identity by. Design hypnotherapy certification you're going to get this hidden. Laws of.

Attraction mind control. Mastery home study course you're going to get this the. H real world conversational hypnosis stealth. CPI system and the.

Renegade reframing program. All. For. One.

Low installment of just 797 or if you need to you can break that up into three easy installments of just 3.97 each all you got to do to get yours is go to this link right. Here www.npower.com slind. So if my lovely assistants could go ahead and post those links in the chat chat that would be super helpful right. Why is that not moving okay.

All right. So click that link right. Now www.npower.com n d there we go and for those of you who are on the fence. I want to be.

I want to be very upfront you have absolutely zero risk with this program okay. Take a grab your click that link right. Now grab grab your course right. And try it test it put it to work for a full 60 days if the hidden.

Laws of. Attraction and the mind master your mind uh reality reprogramming program does not work for you. Then if you're not on the fast track to manifesting more money finding the love you one attracting more success manifesting your dreams feeling more secure confident and. Powerful if you're not racking up more winds or more check marks in the wind column than ever before for.

Then you know what let. Moss or me and know and we will refund every penny you've invested in this program right. If you're not getting the results that we're talking about and believe me we're under talking about what can do this this thing can do for you if you're ready to take it to the. Next level let us help you right.

Grab your course click the link test the program for a full 60 days if on day 59 you're not on the fast track if if you're not scoring more pick up the phone shoot us an email let us know and we will happily refund every dime. You' invested in this program there's absolutely zero risk to this okay. But are you worth it are you do you deserve it even if you don't deserve it do you want to deserve because we can fix that right. But you got to do something different you got to click those links if you want change right.

I don't know how much longer we'll be offering this particular package things are changing in. Planet. David and sometimes these products go away for a very long time right. Anybody who's ever seen my archive knows that.

I've probably got yeah literally 20 years of stuff that's never seen the light of day not on our. YouTube channel not in our. NLP power. Mastermind mentoring program not in a product or service the link redirect yeah the link will redirect you to a clickfunnels page yes.

That's the the shopping cart that we use. Nancy said if you're having problems clicking on the link uh call. Moss directly at 858 282 4663 now for those of you who are calling because there's always a stampede of people calling. Moss if you get the voicemail okay.

If you get the voicemail please please please please please leave your contact information leave your name your phone number the date and the time you called because what happens a lot of times is people get frustrated because they get a voicemail they want to talk to a human and. So what happens is they call sometimes and they don't leave their contact information and. Then they try to call back the. Next day.

But because we didn't have your contact information we don't know you acted on this offer right. Now we can't give you the extras that are coming up very shortly you don't qualify. So please please please if you do get the voicemail leave your contact information if you want faster turnaround. Mia is available througha email email.

Mia nlpp power.com she just posted that in the chat if. Moss isn't available by phone. Mia is there to help you um through the email and as long as we have you in the queue you will you will qualify for everything again my job is to make your life easier. But.

I can't mult. I'm good at what. I do. I'll be very upfront talk to the people in the chat.

I'm good at what. I do. But. I can't multiply zeros if you don't take action.

I can't take action right. So please if you're really serious in a fun play way of leveling up click that link try it for 60 days if after 60 days you're not getting the results we'll give you all your money back and you can keep any program you've downloaded as my way of saying thank you for giving us a shot let us help you if you have sticking points throughout the training just pick up the phone shoot us an email we'll walk you through it we'll we'll get you through those sticking points and if and if that's not helping you if it's not working for you you still got the refund you got nothing you got absolutely nothing to lose and everything to gain are you ready to take your life to the. Next level go ahead and click that link right. Now now for those of you who like more stuff right.

I've got uh some goodies for you for those of you who click that link right. Now before. I log off tonight's webinar right. Now everything.

I've talked to up to this point including the 60-day uh no. Questions asked refund is good until uh 11:59 p.m. tonight the. Next things. I'm going to talk to you about these fast action bonuses if you will are only available until.

I log off tonight's webinar. So everything. I've talked about up to this point is good until. January 30th 2025 at 11:59.

PM after. I log off these bonuses that. I'm going to talk about they go away. So here's what you're going to get for those of you who click this link right.

Now you're going to get a three-month trial membership to the. NLP power. Mastermind mentoring program this is a program. I've literally been running every month month after month for 14 years we started in.

October of 2010 and the way it works is on the. Third. Saturday of every month we get together either in person or virtually or both and. I literally go around the room and.

I say. Clowny what do you want to learn. Alana what do you want to learn um uh. Alex what do you want to learn.

Agnes what do you want to learn and. I. I write your name on the board and what you want to learn. Next to it and.

Then when everybody's gone. I step back and. I. I look.

At what you've asked to learn about. I find all the the. Connecting. Threads and for the.

Next four to six hours. I drill you specifically on those skills until you can do them in your sleep right. You will not get a certificate or a certification from the. NLP power mastering mentoring program what you will get is a community of people who want to support you work with you practice with you you'll get feedback and interactive training and feed and and and insights from me personalized drills and skills and you'll have the ability to level up your skill sets right.

Which is the most important thing. I can give you it's one thing to hand you a video or to give you a manual or to do something in a video for you right. But when you roll up your sleeves and you do the drills and you get the skills that's what takes you from access to information and access access to information is really really easy anybody can do that you can find just about anything on the internet. But can you go from access to ownership in other words can you take the skills in the book.

Or in the video can you embody them and use them because once you do that you now have a power an ability that will serve you anytime you choose to use it anytime you choose to use it and no. One can take it away from you up to up to that moment of ownership it's just borrowed knowledge the video goes away you can't use it anymore right. Matter of fact most people have the video can't use it because they don't do the. Reps.

The. Mastermind mentoring program was created specifically to fill the gap between. Theory and application to give you an opportunity and a forum that you can actually do the drills and get the skills best part about this aside from the community and everything else is is that we videotaped every single one of those trainings since. October of 2010 we we're creating a we've created different archives we're creating a master archive on a kajabi site and for the three months that you're part of the.

NLP power mastering. Mastermind mentoring program you'll have complete unfettered access to the 14 years of video content stored in our archive everything on just about anything that has to do with the mind with with therapy with healing with marketing with influence persuasion dating attraction. Law of. Attraction accelerated learning you name it if it's in my wheelhouse and people have asked for it it's in this program.

So again uh we're working on really streamlining and and making that userfriendly. But you get full 90-day access to it for three months if at the end of 90 days you've gotten the skill sets you need you've binge watched the videos you want to binge and you feel like. You' got what you need no. Harm no.

Foul you just move on if after 90 days you realize you found your new home right. Then we'll show you how to extend your membership even further and even longer and how to take your skills even further right. Again. I'm very proud of the.

NLP power. Mastermind mentoring program and has literally changed the lives of tens of thousands of people directly or indirectly all around the world we've got students in 81 different countries and. I'm inviting you to join our family join our club right. So when you click that link you're going to get a three-month trial membership unlimited access to the 14-year video archive it's a $1,597 value we're going to give this to you free right.

Total combined value. So far is 10,078 bucks. But we're not done okay. If you act now you're also going to get one of our most popular courses this is the stealth instant conversation hypnosis crash course this is a program.

I created many years ago that people absolutely loved because it allows you to download it now and in two hours from now you can be out in the world hypnotizing people anytime anywhere under any circumstances for any reason it comes with manuals it comes with workbooks it comes with a ton of bonus videos on everything from instant and. Rapid inductions the seven most powerful hypnotic languages that exist lie detection. U manifestation there's even a a three or four video set of me teaching a private to a private group in somebody's home. I'm a little heavier.

Then. So you might not recognize me. But um that's uh it's me. I'm just.

I'm just. I'm just like really really big right. It's a it's a $997 value it comes it also comes with video and downloadable mp3s as well. So you be able to listen to it.

I wouldn't recommend listening to it while you're driving because there's a lot of hypnosis um that that's going on on those on those recordings. So make sure you're not operating equipment or heavy machinery. But for those of you who just want to be able to listen to it while you're on the treadmill or or whatever it's a great it's a great way to really accelerate your learning it's a $997 value we're going to throw this in absolutely free if you click that link before. I log off tonight webinar how often does the practice group meet it meets on the.

Third. Saturday of every month. Gary from 11:00 a.m. to 4m. Pacific now on on months where my training schedule conflicts with the.

Mastermind we push that month's. Mastermind to the following month and. Then we do a double long. Mastermind.

So instead of like four hour five hours you'll get like an eight or nine hour uh training. So you never lose. But we can get a longer training and that's where we sometimes go really deep into some of the the more powerful things right. Okay.

So hopefully that answers your question um we're going to give this to you absolutely free $1,075 and. Finally for those of you who maybe you don't want a certificate you just want to feel better you just want to you just want me to fix help you fix your crap for you right. I find that my my my followers and my subscribers tend to fall into one of three categories there are people who want help fixing their own stuff right. And that's why.

I give you the the the webinar package right. The personal transformation. Renegade reframing uh hidden laws of attraction that stuff is for you to help you begin to change yourself some people want to go out and change other people they want to help other people using this material and that's where real world hypnosis. H identity by.

Design hypnotherapy home study program comes in. But in the middle of that is another demographic and these are people who they they want to help themselves that's true uh may or may not have a a real sincere desire to go out and help others although they often do what they really want is a chance to work with me for me to help them get fixed and and fix the stuff that's important to them and. So a a few months ago. Last year.

I think it was we started launching these three-day virtual healing personal transformation intensives. Now the secrets of self- transformation virtual healing. Retreat is actually a misnomer it's actually not self transformation it's. David transformation.

So let me explain that to you this is a 3-day virtual healing intensive where you log in as part of a group and. I for the. Next three days guide you through exercise and process after process after process after process for systematically removing the blocks to your success getting over your limiting beliefs removing the fears and the phobias and the traumas that have been holding you back it's literally like getting therapy with me as if you in the clinic. But you're going through it as a group and for three days all.

I do is put you put you through exercise and drill after drill after drill after drill after drill and you come out completely transformed right. Um this is not something that you're ever going to see as a product because each of these healing. Retreats or transform online intensives are basically hypoc compliant we are not going to release the information all the information is kept private and confidential all we do is allow people access to sign up for the. Next one and that's what we're doing here for those of you who click that link right.

Now we're going to give you a prev. VIP pass to our. Next online virtual healing intensive. February 7th through the 9th 2025 that's literally uh.

Next week. So uh we're going to teach you how to eliminate self-sabotage how to remove physical and emotional pain how to remove blocks and limiting beliefs some you know about some you didn't even know you were there right. How to uh clear up the issues that just don't seem to come come and go or they they go and they they come back right. And you know react resolve the negativity from your past get in touch with your true self find out what's really important to you and how you know you're getting it you're going to come away with three very powerful techniques that you can apply to yourself anytime anywhere.

Julie. Holmes says the. Intensive is awesome she's been to a couple of these right. Um this is something that again this is not this is not designed for you to go out and hang up a shingle and start healing others although a lot of healers are coming to me because who takes care of the healers right.

I will right. Right. So this is my chance to kind of just cut loose on you guys and just do for you what. I do for my clients in the clinic you see when.

I teach a certification class when. I teach a certification class. I have to make sure that all of my students can replicate the techniques. I have to guarantee that they have a certain level of proficiency when it's just you me and a small group of people and.

I'm responsible for just healing and helping you. I don't have to worry about whether you can reproduce my technique you get to completely surrender to the process. I get to cut loose and. I can just whip out all the things that.

I would normally do in a session with people um that would fly over the heads of most people and you get the benefit of right. CL look. Says invest in yourself is. So worth it thank you.

Clowny right. It's a $2,497 value we're going to give this to you free if you click your links right. Now um and reserve your spot right. Again remember the.

Last three things. I just talked about the. NLP power. Mastermind mentoring program the instant conversation agnosis crash course and the.

VIP ticket to the virtual healing intensive they're only available to the. Next 15 people who register and click that link now before. I log off the webinar the regular webinar package is going to be good until 11:59 p.m. tonight. But the bonuses.

I just talked about when. I leave. So do they. So when in doubt click the link if you have questions call.

Moss reach out to. Mia make sure you give us your contact contact information because that's the only way you're going to qualify for this okay. So total value on this is $ 13,572. But you're not going to have to pay $ 13,572 you're going to get the secrets of.

Personality transformation uh home study program. I at $2,497 you're going to get the identity by. Design personal hypnotherapy certification track $1,497 hidden. Laws of.

Attraction and manifestation. Mastery uh $1,497 we're going to give those you for free stealth. CPI instant conversation or conversation hynosis training $1,950. Renegade reframing valued at $1,950 we're going to give those lease to you free the stealth instant conversation hypnosis crash course of course the.

NP power. Master my mentoring program and the virtual healing intensive. February 7th through the 25th sorry. February 7th through the 9th 2025 it's been a long day folks total value on this is $ 13,572 you get it all for just one installment of just 7.97 that's 200 200 bucks off our regular webinar specials when we offer them.

So it's a really limited time it's a. Chinese. New. Year special you get the entire package for $7.97 or you can break that down into three easy installments of just uh 3.97 each.

So we're going to take a eight minute an eight minute break when we come back we're going to start banging stuff off your bucket lists and we're going to show you how to unlock the power inside your own mind in your own body that's what. I got that's my story and. I'm sticking to it. I will see you at uh 6:14 oh yeah yes.

Gary if if for some reason you can't make this virtual healing intensive all you got to do is let. Moss know we'll move you on to the guest list for the. Next one okay. If for some reason you can't make it just let us know and we and by the way if you've bought programs from us in the past and you see that program listed here don't let that stop you from from clicking the link click the link call.

Moss let him know you've got uh one of these programs and we'll swap something of equal or lesser value for it. So you can customize your own package we'll see you in a few minutes and we're going to start clearing stuff and taking names talk to you soon e e e e e e hey y'all. I'm back. So while you're doing that.

I'm. GNA go ahead and all right. So we've got a few minutes we got about. I got about three or four minutes.

So. I can take questions on stuff. Nancy says. I'm in congratulations.

Nancy welcome we love you you're awesome okay. So. Zach keeps asking me about the. Shadow.

Self. Zack. What specifically do you mean by. Shadow.

Self and what do you want me to talk about. Cynthia says hey. David hey. Jax you guys like my background how does it block you it blocks you by generating negative feelings and emotions which cause you to take.

Bea engage in behaviors that aren't in your best interest that work against you it also. C again. I don't know what your your your your spiritual leanings are what you think about in terms of entity work. But it's it's the the the dark side of you.

First of all it's not the evil side more often than not it's the hurt side of you and. So as you start to clean that stuff up and you heal that part of you uh what what remains of that is something you need to learn to integrate because it's also your power. But the the shadow self is that part of you that has accumulated a bunch of trauma and as it starts to to become more and more pain in pain it will generate body feelings that cause you to respond in less than positive ways and that's how other things people included manipulate you in defense against the dark arts we have a whole we have a whole module on social predators and how they select victims uh it's a laundry list of things that will put you on a predator's radar all those would be considered aspects of your. Shadow.

Self. So the idea is as you clean those things up and you heal that part of yourself it's no. Longer the bad guy responding from a place of pain or suffering or or need and you start to integrate it and become personally more powerful you become fully spiritual and fully physical at the same time. David says uh.

David or says where did you get training in medical chiong and who would you. I got my training in my doctorate in medical chiong from. Dr. Jerry.

Allen. Johnson he's the world's leading. Authority on medical chiong um he has officially retired from teaching medical chiong uh some of his students are trying to uh continue that lineage. So you might get to work with seu.

Diego or sefue. Chris um there's another gentleman who has a medical. Chong program. I can't speak to his program his name is.

Richard clear uh he teaches a medical chiong program as well um. But. I don't. I've never taken any of his.

Chong classes. So. I don't. I can't speak to it uh.

I am of. Jewish descent jolton. So uh let's see 's see here how it. PL is that a part of you or part of because when.

I do these. P do past life incarnations okay. So. Zach this is a this is a conversation that will go way off the rails really quick and it's and it's um.

But let's just say that in each each human being are multiple. Spirits okay. Uh again and depending on which model we're using um it can get very complicated the bottom line is is that there is there are levels of consciousness that can or seem to function as separate entities and until we learn how to integrate that and that is the process of alchemy in most. Traditions okay.

Um. So. G. Wilson is asked de what technique can.

I use to weaken. OCD over time. I know all of your identity by. Design stuff um identity by.

Design stuff will work you just have to ask better questions um beyond that you want to go either into holonomic regression or uh classical regression. So real world trauma resolution either as a practitioner or um finding a. PR finding a practitioner to work with is probably going to be your best bet if you need someone to work with you call the office we have a bunch of people that we we refer to um if you can afford me you can work with me personally. U.

Moss is really good um there's there's a there's a bunch of people in our. Network that we we regularly refer to um my time is really expensive. But. I am available.

So just call call the office 858 282 4663 and uh we'll set up a consult for you and see if if what we have is a fit for what you need right. Gary says do you train people to be hypnotherapists all the time three or four times a year that we have a we have a hypnotherapy certification coming up in. March. So for those you know what.

I'm going to do um for those of you who want certification if you want. But you have to call for this you have to click the link and commit uh today if you if you click the link and you call. Moss. I will let you trade the.

VIP ticket to the virtual healing intensive for the the. March training or if you want the. V virtual healing um we can work out some kind of a discounted rate for you to come to that certification. But you have to call.

MOS directly that's. I'm only going to say it once right. Because it just. I just got the download right.

If you you for those of you who want certification right. And you want the healing intensive call. Moss right. Now if you're one of today's buyers um we'll give you a discounted rate on the uh on the uh identity by.

Design program okay. Okay. Okay. So um what other the questions you got agna says site.

I want certification and before anybody asks yes. You can take the identity by. Design program virtually we don't encourage it uh. Nisha the training for identity by.

Design in this. March is going to be here in. San. Diego at the.

Courtyard. Marriott that's what we're working on right. Now uh. Our intention is to keep it relatively small um.

So that. I can make sure everybody has the. Hands-On training that they need and. So forth um.

So. Agnes is saying does this sign up with the nde reports. I'd love to know uh. I nightly yes.

Nightly you did get the bonuses. I'm. I'm backtracking through the uh through the chats to make sure. I didn't miss any questions.

Prasad says yes. David will heal the healers okay. Let's see here um inde near-death experience okay. Yeah.

But. I don't know what you're referring to uh. G. Wilson is saying how about outcomes with.

CPI like say you want to sell a car should your outcome be trying to get them to buy a car from the outset or should you be trying to get them to test drive neither if you're gonna sell a car the question isn't how do. I sell this car the question is what does this person in front of me really want to buy what do they want to buy because. I promise you if you try to sell them something you're going to work really hard and they're probably going to say no. But if you find out what kind of car they want to buy and you present that car to them and an opportunity to buy it they'll come up with their own they'll they'll all the objections to buying it will go out the window right.

That's the secret behind our entire approach is human beings never ever ever ever ever ever ever resist themselves that's a core that's a core principle in all of our all of our technology and. I say technology uh it's borderline magic. But it's it's because everything human beings do experience create is facilitated through the the aaces of the autonomic nervous system and if you understand how that system creates and transforms. Then you can and you understand that programming language.

Then you can custom design your reality reality is not what you think or maybe it is right. Uh. David armman is asking do you have any courses for. Accelerated learning such as language learning you would start with the identity by design process once you have identity by.

Design down. Then we can look. At other things that we can layer on top of that to accelerate learning identity by. Design in and of itself will accelerate your learning okay.

So again everything that we do there's two primary uh. Foundation courses to all the technologies that we teach. First one is uh killer influence secrets of covert hypnosis the other is identity by. Design if you have those two trainings you have 99.999% of all the prerequisite.

Foundation skill sets for everything else that we do and the reason we keep coming back to those skill sets is because they allow you to facilitate and amplify everything else everything that you learned in in. Planet. David is a force multiplier in conjunction with identity by. Design killer influence and vice versa right.

So if a lot of you want to get. Advanced covert hypnosis and. NLP training we have a program called. NLP.

Ultra we demand as much as possible that you have killer influence before you step into. NLP. Ultra because it's going to take all the skills in. NLP and killer influence and just go nuclear with them what is a realistic change to use magic circle to get like.

I remember you said you use it from learning. I learned. I use it for everything back when. I was involved heavily in the dating and attraction.

I would use it to create the identity. I wanted to have in terms of um my confidence with talking to members of the opposite sex my sense of personal value and self-esteem um the glibness and the ability to to pay attention to subtle body language cues. So. I would do deep trans identification regularly with guys like.

Sherlock. Holmes. Richard bandler um. Wolverine.

Captain. Jack. Sparrow. Austin.

Powers right. And and all of those if. Ma you you can actually watch me do it if you go to our. YouTube channel and you type in uh.

Captain. Jack the hypnotist uh you'll see me literally doing magic circle deep trans identification on somebody while. I'm actually in the. Persona of.

Captain. Jack the hypnotist you him me me talk like this and all that right. You'll see me doing it right. Because.

I've. I've did it. So well. So long.

I can just fall into it right. And that's the whole point is that when you go through this this this seven stage transformational process you get not only does do you start to change from the inside out very very quickly you have the ability to monitor the change and decide. I need more here. I need less here and you can you can keep changing it.

Jody says. I'm in full payment welcome aboard jod welcome. Gary you're in excellent right. So again the reason that.

I keep coming back to the identity by. Design system in one form or another is because there's. So many layers to it like some of my. Advanced students like my mega.

Platinum coaching students and my vibrational influence students and my energy healing students they came in to learn it as a hypnosis process and by the time they got through it and they got to the more advanced level trainings they said holy you were doing way more than just hypnosis you were preparing all these other things. I said yeah yeah. But you didn't come in to learn that you came in to learn hypnosis and when you were ready for the. Next level you were ready for it right.

And. So okay. Oh. Agnes just joined our gold program thank you all right.

So you guys ready for more change work guys ready to kick some ass all right. So these. Next couple processes we're just gonna we're just gonna we're just going to go right. Through it.

I'm not going to spend as much time explaining the the how and why it works we're just going to do them. So um if you want to learn all the uh the how's and the why and wherefores and all that make sure you grab your package right. Make sure you grab your program um it's all explained in there and. Then when you use those.

VIP tickets either for identity by. Design or for the virtual healing intensive you'll get an an in-person experience of what it's like me personally guiding you through those right. So just as a quick reminder because this is how business is done right. Um you're going to get the secrets of.

Personality transformation ultimate mind control. Mastery home study course plus the manual. So 24 $2,497 value you're going to get identity by. Design hypnotherapy home study course uh we're going to give that to you for free you get hidden.

Laws of. Attraction manifestation and mind control training we're going to give that to you for free you're gonna get the stealth. CPI real world conversation hypnosis training we're going to give that to you for free uh. Renegade reframing um overcoming beliefs in normal conversation conversation belief change we're going to give that to you for free.

NLP power. Mastermind mentoring program the stealth instant conversation hypnosis course hypnosis crash course and of course the virtual healing intensive. February 7th through the 9th now remember this is a. VIP ticket.

So if you can't make the. February training we're having we have another one coming up. I think in either uh. April or.

May. I think it's may actually uh. So if you if you want we can move you to that training and for those of you who click that link right. Now if you call.

Moss and let him know you click the link uh will and you want to get uh you want to get your your hypnosis certification uh we'll give you a special discount rate early bird rate for the identity my design hypnotherapy certification coming up in. March all right. That being said let's go ahead and jump out. So you've got your list yes.

I'm gonna stand for this because. I do some of my best thing my best work standing now you don't need to be standing. But. I find a lot of times um it's it's actually better because you have a stronger root um.

So we're going to go with that. So you have your list yes. This is where you type in the chat yes. I have my list okay.

So. I want you to look. At the. First look.

At the the the the charges like find the lowest number on your list. So if you if you've got three things each one of them numbered. Z to 10 what's the lowest number start with that one okay. Now here's what.

I want you to do. I want you to remember that pleasure color that we used at the beginning of the webinar. I want you to close your eyes. Want you to remember that pleasure imagine a big ball of that energy floating above your head fill the room with it wrap it around you breathe it through your whole body and notice those wonderful feelings coming flooding back and.

Then. I want you to do it again. I want you to create another ball expand it to fill the room wrap it around you breathe it through your body and just dissolve into it and one. Last time big ball of beautiful pleasure energy just fill the room with it wrap it around you breathe it through your body notice the feelings in your body intensifying doubling and tripling in size and strength.

Force magnitude this is your resource energy anytime you want to anytime you need to and you have something that's really strong really sharp and you need something that will instantly dull or or or lower the intensity of it you just remember that color fill the room wrap it around you breathe it through the area of your body and you'll notice an instant deceleration this is called this technique by the way is called resonant frequency generator. I'll say that two more times resonant frequency generator okay. One of the most fascinating things about the nervous system is that it processes the same data differently depending on which part of your brain you use. Agnes says oh my.

God whoa was that good or what as the tcer would say yes. Or yes. Okay. Let me repeat what.

I just said not yes. Or yes. Your brain can process the same information in different ways depending on which part of your brain you're using when we manifest a trauma or a limiting belief or something we want we're using specific parts of our brain in a specific order and sequence. I can.

CH. I can create change by altering the sequence. I have no. Words besides yes.

Agnes says okay. Very good. So most of you should be be feeling pretty good right. Now right.

Now. I recommend that the little energy ball breathing exercise you just did you do that this would be your daily practice. I would say you get up in the morning you find a space where you will not be disturbed you stand quietly and you just do that two or three times just go into that dreamy. Place bring that ball of energy up expand it to fill the room wrap it around you breathe it through your body two or three times and each time stronger than the time before and just dissolve in it and just enjoy it when you do this you're going to create a very powerful.

Cascade of electrical and chemical transformations in your body okay. Electricity and chemicals that's my my friend. Chase likes to say all we are is electricity and chemicals that's it right. We don't even have to get into the woo right.

That's going to create a very different start to your day. But it's also gonna it's. G to stack and amplify the. Natural hypnogogic.

State you get up you're in when you get up in the morning. But it's going to put you in a positive frame of mind. I found just doing this an as a variation of this every morning transformed the entire energy of my family when. I got up the the the the bickering and the fighting and the the snapping that my girls had just dropped by a factor of a hundred like literally from like a hundred every single morning to like 5% maybe on a given basis just the energy that you you step into when you get up in the morning will radiate out and impact people through their mirror neurons okay.

I'm not talking about woo. I'm talking about science now okay. This will also again create a different type of hormonal situation in your body your reticular activating system will shift and now your system is ready to learn and change and be. Pro programmed better okay.

What do you do. Next well you've got this amazingly pleasurable powerful feeling right. Now you point to where you where you feel it the strongest. Reach.

Out. And. Touch the picture make the picture bigger move it through your body make it bigger move it through your body over and over again back let's do that go ahead and notice that wonderful feeling that you have notice the color imagine the frame that represents that experience wrap the frame in that color as you wrap the frame in that color. I want you to grab it lift it up over your head expand it to fill the infinite.

Universe pass it through your entire being head to toe mind body and soul over and over and over again and notice what happens to your neurology physiology and psychology as you continue to do that keep doing that until it's impossible to turn off when you know it's impossible to turn off test it try to turn it off and notice what happens instead when you're satisfied stop testing and type in the chat what you discovered what you experienced. Jody says. Elation it's actually as it makes you feel like. Superman anybody tingling electrical feelings heating sweating what you literally just did was was a highly focused frequency vibrational electromagnetic phenomena lucky says sweating colors changed excellent excellent cool all right.

Now here's the interesting part every fantasy you have is built this way from this stuff every. Daydream that you have is built from this way and this stuff every belief that you have is built this way from this stuff every limiting belief that you have every less than positive memory is built from this same mechanism. So here's what we're going to do. I want you to experience this again we're going to do this in in a bunch of different stages.

So you can understand. I'm doing. I'm actually giving you a little bit of a deeper training than. I would normally give in a public webinar.

So. But this would be something that. I would actually be doing in the clinic. So.

I want you to focus on that. First thing that you want to change okay. So look. At your list of the three things you want you want to get rid of before you log off tonight find the one that has the lowest charge.

Agnes says. I'm still catching my breath and returning to my senses that was like instant trance yes. But it's a different kind of trance it's a trance that's facilitated by absorption of all the different parts of your brain acting together right. And your nervous system it's a it's it's a trance of synergy not isolation.

Okay. Notice look. At your list notice the one thing you want to change notice where in your body you feel it and point to it close eyes. Look.

At it with your inner eyes. Notice that there's a color or a series of colors connected to that feeling what color colors might that be for you. First impression now just take a minute don't type it in the chat just jot down on the paper what color it is and where it is in your body okay. Now here's what.

I want you to do when you when you've done that type done in the chat. I'm sorry. I keep itching my my there's a lot of allergies and stuff from the fires and stuff down here. So.

I keep itching my nose and sorry if. I keep doing that. I'm not lying to you. I'm just itchy right.

Says. ACC say done anybody else okay. Good all right. So here's what's going to happen let's go back to our pleasure color imagine a big ball of that energy floating above your head expand it to fill the room wrap it around you.

But now when you breathe it through your body breathe your pleasure color through the icky color and notice what happens to it keep breathing that energy in an infinite ever expanding. Supply until it completely dissolves away or it changes as much as it's going to change both are perfectly um acceptable results when it's changed as much as it's going to change type done in the chat. Susan says you could spin that just saying we're not spinning today. Susan.

Okay. So by show of hands or me in the chat how many when you breathed your pleasure color through the icky color it went completely away okay. Zck says me how does that work the icky turned to a different color okay. Change from brown to.

Blue okay. Try to go back to the old way of being and tell me what happens instead how many noticed that when they break the the pleasure color through the icky color if the area was like this big it shrank okay. So there's three or four different things that can happen when you do this this is called this is what we call a a a blanket resource or a safety resource a lot of times when you're doing change work people can suddenly abreact right. They can suddenly tap into an emotional pocket or an emotional.

Reservoir that has a huge charge to it that they didn't expect and it completely overwhelms them. So one of the things that we do clinically is we install this safety resource right. At the beginning of the of the session. So that if they going through their change work and all of a sudden they they think it's.

Bambi and it turns into. Godzilla we wash the area with this resource color and an immediately halts the ab reaction and lowers it to a level that we can work with right. The nice thing about resource colors or resources as safety resources is that they're generic they're not specific to a particular trauma or negative memory or um limiting belief they will work across the spectrum of all of them they may not 100% resolve that that energy container that has all that information in it. But it will take the edge off of it.

So. I'm giving you that as an extra right. I wasn't going to teach that today. But this is something that we can always like whenever we find oursel in a situation that is overwhelming us right.

All we have to do is change our posture change our breathing go to our safety color expand the room wrap it around us and breathe it through us and we'll we'll instant our state will instantly change all we have to do is remember to keep breathing and holding and we can't go back to the the bad. State okay. You can use that out in the field you can use that when you're overwhelmed with a client you can teach it to your clients. So that they can be in more of a have more.

State. Control out in the field therapeutically when we're working with cents whenever we don't know what to do or they're they're going into a very powerful. AB reaction we just wash that area with this frequency or this energy that they created and it cuts it in like half which makes it instantly manageable right. Which gives them the the the experience of realizing that they have absolute control over what their nervous system does now sometimes that that that charge comes on.

So fast people don't have time to to to think right. They lose access to their valal or cognitive. State. Control okay.

Now when we want to do actual full-blown resolution we have to have a more specific frequency a more specific resource and that's what the four questions on your sheet are designed to help you do okay. So the. First question is what do. I want to change the.

Next question is what do. I want instead. Third question is what might that be like. So go to the.

Second. So for those of you who still have how many of you still have something remaining from the. First from the. First issue that we worked on just type it in the chat it's okay.

I expected you to have it okay. Well you guys must be in trance okay. So point to where you feel it look. At it on a scale of one to.

Zer to 10 rate the intensity of that feeling and notice the color connected to that feeling what's the color don't don't type it in the chat just know it for yourself what's the color. First impression okay. How young might you be when you. First feel a feeling like that whatever comes up.

Just. Go. With. It don't don't don't analyze it as you think about that what do you want instead what what do you want in place of this colored feeling that's and trace the outline of it.

So you know how big it is what do you want in place of this colored feeling that you're experiencing right. Now just don't don't type it in the chat just say it out loud. So you know and you've declared what you want instead when you've declared it what you want instead type done in the chat perfect now here's the magic question can you imagine what that might be like can you imagine what that might be like. So whatever this is there's something you wanted instead can you imagine what that might be like close your eyes.

What might you see when you're having that experience what might you hear what might you smell what might you taste because when you do that when you're in that space and you see what you see and you hear what you hear and you smell and you taste what you you smell and you taste there is an amazing wonderful feeling that you get and. I'd like you to notice that there's a place in your body where those amazing feelings start where they grow where they spread from take a moment notice where you feel that and point to it and. I'd like you to notice that there's a color maybe even a series of colors connected to those amazing feelings again this is rhetorically speaking what color colors might that be for you. First impression whatever it is.

I want you to do something for me. I want you to create. I call this your. Stephen.

Spielberg moment. I want you to make an alternate reality movie where you get to live and experience a world where that thing that you wanted instead is true for you. I want you to watch it. I want you to make it big like a drive-in movie theater screen.

Crystal. Clear like an. IMAX turn up the sound the smell. The.

Taste the feelings best moment ever and when it's perfect in every way. I want you to watch that movie over and over and over again not once not twice. But hundreds and thousands of times at the speed of thought with each repetition. I want you to make it 10 times stronger er a hundred times better a thousand times more thrilling fulfilling and satisfying than ever before until it overwrites and replaces every experience you've ever had before and.

Then it just keeps getting better and better and better and as you've notice where that feeling grows. I want you to step into that movie and. I want you to live it from beginning to middle to end over and over again with each path through that movie feel that energy in your body and that in that new place beginning to grow from the top of your head to the tips of your toes and all point point in between and. Then it just keeps getting stronger and stronger and stronger until it becomes.

So strong. So powerful it begins to radiate radiate radiate from your body like the. Rays of the sun forming a beautiful colored frame around that new reality that you've created and when you're ready to own it to personify it to embody it completely. I want you to reach out with both of your hands grab that frame and the reality inside of it lift up over your head expand it to fill the infinite.

Universe pass it through your entire being head to toe. Mind. Body. Soul over and over and over again and notice what happens to that colored icky feeling that used to be in your body and keep passing it through your body until every part of your being is vibrating in complete and total.

Harmony and synchronization with this new reality you've created and when you've got that you know every part of you is vibrating in in perfect harmony with that new reality test it try to bring the old feeling back try to turn the new feelings off notice what happens instead and when you're satisfied and only when you're satisfied stop testing notice how different you feel and type your experiences in the chat tell me what you discovered tell me what happened to you. Agnes says oh my. God that old feeling is non-existent now wow yay buddy can it really be that fast. Zach says the issue is gone it's been replaced by the new reality try to go back to the old reality and notice what happens instead you can't huh jod says.

I had a hard sharp knot in my chest and it's gone hm all that from some dude in the vest having you wave your hands around. H or maybe there's more going on folks from the bottom of my heart with all the truth and and honesty that. I have to give this is just the beginning there's a whole universe of. M magic inside of you and it's your.

Birthright. You're allowed to use it you're allowed to have it. So. Agnes says.

I have no. Idea what that was even after all these years. But it was inexplicably and probably. TMI too.

Anyway. Clowny says my inner child is. So happy the dude in the vest was there with [Laughter] me. Nancy says.

I love magic me too that's how. I see all of you by the way in case you didn't know every time. I see one of you walk into a room. I see magic incarnate me living says.

I am a billionaire. Trader you're on your way if not there already okay. All right. So how many things are left on your list jod says love you love the work we're doing there's a whole lot more too all right.

You guys ready okay. Look. At the. Second thing on your list close your eyes.

Point to where you feel it on a scale of 0 to 10 rate the intensity of the feeling notice there's a color connected to that feeling what's that color. First impression once you have the color trace the outline of it with both of your hands. So you know how big it is how young might you be when you. First feel a feeling like that where might you be most importantly what do you want instead what do you want instead take a moment and think about it.

First impression whatever comes up. First is almost always the right. Answer even if it's sounds lame to your conscious mind what do you want instead now here's the. Next question can you imagine what that might be like it's time for another.

Steven. Spielberg moment want you to close your eyes. All the way down and imagine that amazing experience of what you want instead what might you be seeing when you're in that place what might you be hearing what might you be tasting because when you do that when you're in that place and you see what you see and you hear what what you hear and you smell and you taste what you smell and you taste there's an amazing wonderful feeling that you get a feeling that lets you know you're truly safe and you're truly getting what you want instead and. I'd like you to notice.

I'd like you to become aware that there's a place in your body where those amazing new feelings start where they grow where they spread from take a moment notice where you feel that and point to it and notice there's a color maybe even a series of colors connected to those amazing feelings what color of colors might that be for you. First impression now. I want you to turn that picture into a giant movie and watch it from beginning to middle to end over and over and over again not once not twice. But hundreds and thousands of times at the speed of thought with each repetition.

I want you to make it 10 times stronger 100 times more powerful a thousand times more thrilling fulfilling and satisfying than ever before until it overwrites and replaces every experience you've ever had before and. Then it just keeps getting stronger and stronger until it becomes. So strong. So powerful it begins to radiate radiate radiate from your body like the.

Rays of the sun forming a beautiful colored frame around that new reality that you've created when you're ready to own it to personify it to embody it completely. I want you to reach out with both of your hands grab that frame and the reality inside of it lift it up over your head expand it to fill the infinite. Universe pass it through your entire being head to toe. Mind.

Body. Soul. Spirit over and over and over again and notice what happens to that less than positive feeling that had a certain shape and a certain location in your body and keep passing it through your entire being until it's completely gone impossible to come back. So every part of your being is vibrating in complete and total harmony with that new reality that you've created and when you know it's gone impossible to come back every part of you in.

Perfect. Harmony embodying this new reality all. I want you to do is test it try to go back to the old reality try to turn the new feelings off and notice what happens instead when you're satisfied stop testing give me a report tell me what's happening notice how good you feel what just happen. Zach says the old reality is gone hm how long do you have that reality since birth huh can change really be that quick yeah when you have the username and password right.

Change doesn't have to be slow it doesn't even have to be painful sometimes it is because you got to let go. Ash says that felt very good. My. New.

Reality was camping by a gorgeous lake with friends. I feel way more relaxed now excellent. Franchesca says this one went even better it feels good feel happy and [Music] clear very cool all right. So for those of you that uh are on the fence we have one on more trick well it's not a trick.

But. So once again. Last call. Clowny says my inner child is happy and safe yay.

So once again this is your. Last chance for this this is the. Last call. So the secret the mastering your mind home study program secrets of.

Personality transformation 2497 identity by. Design hypnotherapy home study course hidden. Laws of. Attraction uh stealth.

CPI. Renegade reframing. NLP power. Mastermind mentoring program and of course the stealth instant conversation nnis crash course and if you liked what we're doing imagine three days of stuff like this only getting more powerful and more deeper for an entire three days okay.

Virtual healing intensive. February 7th through the 9th 2025. First 15 people only um total value on this package is $ 13,572 you can get it all for just one installment of$ 797 or three easy installments of 3.97 each all you got to do is click the links www.lpower.com for slind oops can we get the links for the folks in the in who are on the and. I guess there was some problems with the links or something and again if you if you're one of our our buyers tonight and you want to attend our hypnotherapy certification in.

March uh let let. Moss know and uh we will be happy to uh give you a special price tuition for that training okay. Um yeah free free. SPM.

I don't know what an. SPM is. But that's all right. Okay.

So before we put the the cherry on the. Sunday what questions do you have that. I can answer for you nobody has questions you guys are smart my karate instructor back in the day he'd end every class with anybody have questions and everybody just look. At him with that stupid look.

And he'd go well you guys are smart. Zach says how do you restrain yourself from not helping everyone you see well the sobering fact my friends is that not everybody is ready for change as much as. I know the technologies that we have can help everyone not everybody's ready for them that's a pretty big. Claim by the way.

But. I haven't found many people that this stuff didn't at least put it many things that this stuff didn't at least put a dent in um like. I said you don't need you don't need to believe it to use it. But you do have to want it and one of the things you'll discover especially one of the things you'll discover especially if you're a.

Prof a professional change worker is not all the people who say they want change really want it a lot of people out are. So identified with their issues that they're not out to prove they're out to prove they can't be helped and. So a lot of our our work in. Planet.

David both professionally as coaches and healers and therapists even in students is to figure out who's who's really ready right. One of the things that happens with all the people go through our energy trainings or manifestation trainings or spiritual empowerment trainings or healer trainings is they want to take these skills out they just want to they just want to shower everybody and they find out really really quick that half the. People. You.

Meet don't want it half of them half of the half that actually want it don't believe in it um and you you progressively. Whittle down the population of people who are actually ready for it to change and that's why. I keep putting these things out there for all of you is is you know. I can.

I can make it. I can shorten the curve. But. I can't eliminate it that's up to you you guys have to raise your hands and decide you want differ you want something to change the results you produce in your life are not going to change until you do something different and stick with it right.

So. I make it as easy as. I can. But at the end of the day you guys got to level up you guys got to decide.

I'm ready you know and uh. So let me see here. So. Kelly's asking how do.

I attract love okay. Kelly um go through the identity by. Design. Silo clean up your stuff specifically focus on the grey room transformational.

Triad uh temporal editing and. Then go into um hidden. Laws of. Attraction and focus on the image cycling training those things will help you to manifest what the kind of person that you want after you've cleared the traumas okay.

You got some very very powerful results uh with the transfer the identity by. Design. Silo on any on lots of types of different uh traumas. I've seen nerves literally come back online that were dead for years um it's it's bizarre right.

Uh. Lucia is asking my ex was like that okay. There's a conversation going on here okay. Uh identity by.

Design. So. Eduardo is saying hold on a. Second.

I gotta read some questions here yeah it's one of the one of the most painful things to watch is knowing you can help someone and they just won't let you and you have to respect that you have to honor that that's one of the hardest things you know um. So that's why. I say most hypnotists fail because they don't test and most hypnotists don't test because they're afraid to fail well one of the things we're always testing is does this person really want the change they're claiming right. That's eight that's 80% of my 30- minute consultation is making sure the person in the room is actually there because they you know they want to do the work the work doesn't have to be super hard.

But it will be intense right. We can we can do a lot of changes very very quickly. But you got to be willing to walk the path right. Uh.

Peter says what about psychosomatic illness is like diabetes as far as. I'm concerned it's all psychosomatic illness right. Um certainly certain things like where organs are dead like you know type one diabetes something like that we might have to do other things things. But the the vast majority in my experience and all the science is showing us this the vast majority of chronic illness is is rooted in emotional uh toxicity it's in in it's memory based and.

So you go in and you clean up that stuff and you you relieve the repressed emotion from the system and you reframe and reprocess the experience the system automatically moves towards health because those resources aren't being overloaded or or taken up by other things right. Um yeah type one again uh it might be it might be genetic and we can probably do something the we won't know until we do a consult with you um and figure out where we need to go. I won't. I won't claim to.

C be able to cure it. But we can probably put a dent in it. So if if you want us to work with you on that we're happy to do that if you want us to provide you with access to the trainings that allow you to do that stuff on your own we can do that that to it's really up to you how you want to approach it uh bwan is asking the best book. To learn hypnosis probably the best one for most people to start with is um hypnotherapy by.

Dave. Elman hypnotherapy by. Dave. Elman okay.

So that's about all the questions. I have time for. I'm going to leave you with we're going to do one more change process. So look.

At the. Last thing on your list what is it you want to get rid of look. At the. Next thing on your list what do.

I want instead. Next question is what might that be like close your eyes. Think of the thing you want to get rid of notice where in your body you feel it and point to it notice there's a color maybe even a series of colors connected to those feelings what color or colors might that be for you. First impression on a scale of 0 to 10 rate the intensity of those feelings now take both of your fingers trace the outline of that color with both of your hands.

So you know how big it is how young might you be when you. First feel a feeling like that where might you be when you. First feel a feeling like that and most importantly what is it you want instead if. God could reach down wave the cosmic doover button give you the universal reset mechanism that would allow you to transform that experience and recreate reality and exactly what would make you the happiest most joyful most healthy character on the planet by that changing that one experience and and the and the things connected to it what might that be like what might you see when you're in that place what might you hear what might you smell what might you taste.

I call this your. Steven. Spielberg moment and make that experience make that alternate reality movie big as a drive-in movie theater screen. Crystal.

Clear like an. IMAX. Turn. Up.

The. Sounds the smells the tastes the feelings best life ever and when it's perfect in every way. I want you to step into it and. I want you to live it.

First person not once not twice. But over and over and over again not once not twice. But hundreds and thousands of times at the speed of thought with each repetition. I want you to make it 10 times stronger a hundred times better a thousand times more thrilling fulfilling and satisfying than ever before until it overwrites and replaces everything you've ever experienced before and.

Then it just keeps getting better and better and better and. I want you to notice there's a place in your body where those amazing feelings start where they grow where they spread from take a moment notice where you feel it and point to it and notice how each path through that movie that energy that color inside of you begins to grow begins to double in size and strength to double in force and magnet begins to grow and expand to fill your entire being from the top of your head to the tips of your toes and all points in between and. Then it just keeps getting stronger and stronger and stronger and stronger until becomes. So strong.

So powerful begins to radiate radiate radiate from your body like the. Rays of the sun forming a beautiful colored frame around that new reality that you've created and when you're ready to own it to personify it to embody it completely reach out with both of your hands grab that frame in the reality inside of it lift it up over your head expand it to fill the infinite. Universe pass it through your entire being head to toe. Mind.

Body. Soul. Spirit over and over and over again and notice what happens that icky. Naggy less than positive colored feeling that's in your body and keep passing that new energy through your body until it's completely dissolved away and every part of your being is vibrating in perfect harmony with this newer more powerful reality that you've created keep going over and over and over again until it's impossible for it to go back the way it was when you know you've got it it's locked in impossible to go back to the way it was test it try to bring the old feeling back try to turn the new feeling off and notice what happens instead when you're satisfied stop testing scan your body notice how different you feel and give me a report tell me what's happening.

Agnes says what did you just do. I need this skill come to the training we'll show you. Cynthia says my head heart and gut were not or jod says my head heart and gut were not in syn and now they are boom. Cynthia says much better thank you is this helpful is it useful all right.

All. I ask is if you know you want more if you're ready for more click those links grab your package and the let's get let's let's get on the other side of this and level up okay. Any. Last questions before.

I turn you guys loose on the world no. You guys are pro by the way you guys just did a lot of processing me living says powerful powerful stuff wow yes. And yes. All right.

Now. I'm going to give you guys a couple of self-care things the changes you just triggered are very fast they're also very deep they're very powerful and they're pervasive they keep going. So over the. Next few days you may notice feelings and emotions coming up let them as they come up they come out as you feel them you reveal them as you reveal them you heal them solve dissolved resolve from the body solve dissolved resolve from the mind for all the right.

Reasons drink lots and lots of water your body's going to start to detox okay. If you need a little boost change your posture change your breathing bring your happy color your pleasure color up fill the room with it wrap it around you and just dissolve into it. Evan the best thing you can do is pretend. So.

Evan is is asking what to do when you struggle to find a memory or em motion to start with big struggle for me that's that's actually a common thing especially when if you're part of a group exercise what you'll find out is as soon as we log off all these memories will pop up out of nowhere that you couldn't access because you were on the spot take a moment when those come up write them on a piece of paper write them on a piece of paper and. Then go back and watch the replay and as we're guiding you through these steps just refer to your list okay. That's actually the many people have that stutter gear in the headlights kind of effect when they're doing a group process because we we just aren't used to accessing quickly it's not a big deal okay. Okay.

Lots and lots of water all right. Well uh once again when. I log off the fast action bonuses go away. But would now be a good time to click those links.

I put in your chat for you right. In the words of the immortal. C berett. I'm.

So glad we had this time together just to have a laugh or sing a song seems we just got started and before you know it comes the time we have to say. So long good night my friends. I sincerely hope you got value from tonight please like and share this video click those links let's change the world one person at a time starting with with you good night. God bless.
