Title: T8sABcdMveA.txt
Video Id: T8sABcdMveA
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T8sABcdMveA

E e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e hello. Hello friends we'll be starting in just a few seconds make sure you've got things to write on things to write with lots of fun things to consume tonight's. GNA be a rocking night hello hello hello my friends this is. Dr.

David um let me see why there's still a a weird there we go welcome to. Hidden. Laws of. Attraction secrets for attracting health wealth success and happiness for the.

Next couple three hours. I'm going to be your host uh as we explore the wonderful and amazing world of. Mind. Body.

Quantum. Universe interactions for we get in today uh. First of all. I.

I want to tell you how excited. I am uh to be back uh doing a live webinar um. I've been going through a lot of you know that. I've been going through this uh doctorate program in advanced.

Chinese energetic medicine uh. Seth is saying. I'm mirrored does that does that mean you guys can't see my uh is my screen backwards is that what you're telling me yes. No.

Okay. Hold on a. Second let me fix that. I think they made.

I think they changed the setting in. Zoom because it didn't used to be that way um hold on a. Second let me see if it's in my logic capture uh image settings oh about is this better okay. Very good what.

I think happened is. I have a. I have a software yep that's what happened. I have a software that runs my webcam and it gives me a an option to mirror my settings.

But. Then there's also a setting in. Zoom to mirror your camera and. So.

I didn't realize that. I had them both toggled. So that's all actually my bad uh darush welcome my friend. I haven't heard from you in a long time uh if it's the same.

Dar. I'm thinking of. Anyway there's. Nisha welcome.

So we are live streaming to. YouTube and a bunch of other platforms. So once again uh let me just get back to my regularly scheduled program um it's it's good to be back uh. I'm doing this um training this.

Advanced doctoral training in. Chinese energetic medicine and vibrational therapies and really cool mystical spiritual. Quantum stuff and we're coming into the home stretch and there's a bunch of classes that uh needed to be taken to graduate in. August and.

So um. I had to make a choice between that and my business and since it's more of a spiritual thing for me um. I chose the business. But.

I did try to give you guys a lot of content while. I was away it's good to be back. I will tell you coming up in. July there will be about a week to 10 days or.

So where. I'm going to be cramming once again. So just giving you that little heads up. But it's great to be back and.

So. I'm kind of ready to run off at the mouth because. I'm kind of in withdrawal from my my my peeps out here in in manifestation land. So let's go over some some basic administrative details tonight's going to be pretty lengthy.

I know if you're if you're if you're brand new to. Planet. David and if you are new to to. Planet.

David go ahead and type in your name where you're checking in from and. First time in the chats uh if you're a veteran of. Planet. David type in where you're checking in from how long you've been in.

Planet. David and yeah because you guys you veterans uh at some point during the training you're going to be my ta you're going to be my training assistant. I'm going to ask you to uh kind of step in for me because the new people are going to have questions you know the veterans are going to have questions and that's okay. But one of the things that that happens on every webinar is people expect me to tell you uh this is going to do this and this is gonna that and this is gonna and.

I'm gonna my stuff's the best thing since sliced bread right. And. Then. I'll buy my stuff buy my stuff buy my stuff right.

What. I want you guys to do now is. I want you to actually talk to each other in a way that's not going to take away from the webinar what. I mean by that.

I know that's really weird because most people don't even want you talking to each other. But here's how it works you're going to have questions and. I love questions the problem with questions is a lot of times the question that's being asked pulls us away from where we are in the content of tonight's webinar. But.

I love questions anybody who's watched my early. YouTube videos where. I'm teaching meetups and stuff like that you guys know. I love you guys.

I love answering questions because in my opinion the better the question the better the seminar. But tonight we have a finite amount of time for a very focused topic. So here's how you get your questions answered tonight. First and foremost type your question in the chat if.

I see it and it's relevant to the point in the webinar that we're at and. I don't and. I feel that it's not going to take away from too much time to explain. Then.

I will answer the question now there's a lot of people coming in from all the different platforms and and here on the zoom. Channel itself. So there's a lot of the chats are flying by really fast for me. So.

I may not see your question and if that's the case there's two other ways that you can get your questions answered a keep asking it and if one of my veterans sees the question and you have direct experience with the. Technologies from planet. David fixing or or answering that question go ahead and in a way that won't distract from the content of the webinar answer that question for them let them know how these. Technologies how you've used these.

Technologies to help people like yourself get the results that they want because that's what we're all about we're all about results here right. I'm not going to waste your time or. M on stuff that doesn't work right. And.

So that's the one thing that people really love about us is we cut through the. BS and we just get right. Down to it now the. Third and final way to get your question answered is at the end of this webinar as with every webinar that we do there's going to be a replay okay.

So if you're if you're worried that you have if you're coming from. Europe or. Australia or you're in a place where the time zone is just you know you know half past the monkeyy butt you know and uh and it's just oh. Dark 30 where you're at and you're just tired and you can't stay up through the whole webinar well.

First of all do your best to stay up because there's always great stuff at the end of the webinars and the offers are the offer we've got this week is the best probably the best one. I've ever offered um and. I don't think. I'll be ever offering this particular one again now why am.

I saying that because um. I'm always this whole program. I'm going through. I'm always constantly testing and and and things and.

I've got a seminar coming up in. July where. I'm taking a bunch of stuff that has been kept secret for many many many centuries and. I'm going to be revealing it to the public.

But it's a test it's a test to see if this stuff will actually uh integrate at the level. I'm teaching it if not. I'm going to put it back in the archive and only teach it to my megas. So.

I'm very. CL careful about what. I um what. I let out there and.

I want to make sure that you get the biggest bang for your book. So that being said um when the replay of this video goes live find the comment section below the video type your question. I make it a practice unless. I'm doing something like outrageous like 12-h hour trainings or something like that every week.

I go through that. YouTube channel comment section three four five times and. I do my best uh to personally answer all the questions that you ask if. I have the answer.

I'll give it to you right. If. I don't have the answer. Then.

I will point you in a direction where. I think you can get that answer um and. I will simply delete the trolls it's that simple right. We have a a we expect you to be on your best behavior because we're here to help right.

That being said um couple of things if. Politically. Incorrect language colorful metaphors swearing of the word boobies offends you this is probably not the the best use of your. Next two to three hours and yes.

I did say two to three hours why did. I say that because we have uh we we don't follow a traditional webinar format we have we break our webinars up into three basic phases. First phase is the foundations phase this is where we go through the things you absolutely must need to know to make this stuff work our job here is to give you uh. Direct simple actionable content that you can take into the field and start making work for you right.

Away. But also lays the foundation for higher levels and higher trainings when you want to take it further phase two is our. Next steps phase where we show you the the programs we have outlined where you go to take this training to the. Next level get full access to everything we teach and.

Then phase three is where we. Circle back to the foundations that we laid in phase one and we continue to teach we build on those foundations and we continue to customize the content of tonight's webinar to the exact applications that you as a group want to learn and focus on right. That's that's what we call the three-phase webinar plan or the uh free form webinar right. That's what we're doing right.

That means it's going to be a little bit longer than you may be used to. So make sure you have things to write on things to write with the most powerful way the most powerful way to get the most out of this training is to do the drills this is a very interactive class okay. And. So the more things that you do the drills that we walk you through and the things of that nature the more interactive you are the more you're going to be able to internalize that and really uh use it once we get off the webinar okay.

So that being said um if this is the scope of everything there is in terms of. Law of. Attraction manifestation vibrational influence. Quantum realities energy psychic skills psychic defense whatever we have time for this.

So my goal tonight is as is always my goal is to take you as far as. I can in the time that we have and. I will point you in the direction of where to go to take the. Next step is that a fair trade if you think that's fair go ahead and type that's fair in the chat there.

Ed says okay. I see a lot of familiar faces here that's good very cool all right. That being said let's talk about um how many people were are brand new to. Planet.

David let me just double check the uh the chat all right. Go to participants here see where we're at all right. It looks like we got a lot of veterans. But we have a few new people.

So let's talk about hidden. Law of. Attraction. So here's the thing when we talk about hidden.

Laws of. Attraction okay. Or. Laws of.

Attraction how many people here are are familiar with the concept of. Law of. Attraction yes. Type it in the chat okay.

So here's what. I want you to do is um. I want you to type in the chats now what you think the law of attraction is because it's important when you're going to teach about a subject it's important that everybody knows has agreed on a definition how that works for you okay. So what what type in the chat what is your definition of.

Love okay. Ed says uh energetics okay. Is it possible to attract a specific person in my life using methods like image cycling yes. It's possible um okay.

I have one answer from. Edie. I have uh. Carrie an is saying yes.

What you put out you get back okay. Focusing attention and motivation that basil says. Tyler is saying what you put out you get back okay. Tyler that's actually more along the lines of karma.

But you're not far off it has to do with energy your own magnificent. I have no. Idea what else he was going to write there clearing or having the identity of what you want okay. All right.

So. I think it's important that we all have an understanding of what does it mean the about the law what is the law of attraction how does it work and how many people have used the. Law of. Attraction and it didn't work anybody type it in the chat.

Amisha says you get what you vibrate okay. Very good. So we're starting to we're starting to move from this concept of energy into this concept of vibration and honestly if we're when to start speaking in terms of the. Law of.

Attraction um we need to move the conversation from energy to vibration yes. All. VI all energy has a vibration to it and everything is energy. But there's something even more refined than that and that is.

Spirit or. Consciousness and. Consciousness is really what we're talking about when we're talking about pretty much every aspect of the. Law of.

Attraction from the most organic aspects of our self to the most spiritual aspects of oursel we're talking about. Consciousness and. So one of the things that we have to understand is we need. First thing we want to do is we want to start to understand what the law of attraction is versus what it isn't and understand that the.

Law of. Attraction as we understand it isn't one law it's actually seven or more laws right. The. First one that the one that everybody talks about when we we think about law of attraction is every you will attract or pull into your life the the people places situations circumstances and events that are in harmony with your dominant thoughts right.

How many people have heard something along this lines of the secret or um anybody. Okay. Okay. Cool.

So um. I see basil has his hand raised. Basel just go ahead and type your question in the chat and if it's relevant. I'm happy to answer it okay.

So one of the things that we need to understand is that your awareness all around us are infinite possibilities of what can happen of things that we can draw into our life or as is often the case things that we can be drawn to as a byproduct of our vibration. But what what does that really mean well the secret to that that whole phase is that you will pull into your life what is in harmony with your dominant thoughts and this is where we start to get a problem you see most people think they know what their dominant thoughts are. But they don't you see human beings have two sets of thoughts the thoughts they know about and the thoughts they don't okay. So just um for a simple.

Q&A how many people here have ever done affirmations okay. 's raising your hand. I got two people with their hands raised. Okay.

So okay. Oh the numbers are going up. Finally they're waking up yes. You actually have to interact with me on this webinar my friends right.

Okay. Shimon's asking about y informations we'll get to that it's part of tonight's training um and the reason that that. I'm. I'm asking about affirmations is because affirmations or the concept of affirmations on the surface seems very very solid right.

You have a belief system you you repeat these words over and over again and if you do it enough times magic happens that's actually true enough to be true the problem is is why does it take. So long it takes. So long because many times the affirmations that we pick or the affirmations that we choose a are not structured well. But even more importantly than that it's that those affirmations are for things we want that we have limiting beliefs that say we can't have that we don't know we have what did.

David just say you have two sets of beliefs beliefs you know about beliefs you don't know about. So we're going to do an exercise in just a minute right. And. So.

I'm gonna. But before we do that. I'm going to go through a brief laundry list of things and if you can say yes. To any of the things that.

I'm going to talk about tonight. Then we know you're in the right. Place for tonight's webinar if anything. I say doesn't resonate with you.

Then this is probably not the best use of uh your. Next few minutes okay. So. First and foremost uh how many of you would like to become more.

Super confident and attractive how many people like that anybody maybe trct that right. Mr or. Mrs. Right.

Banish insecurity and fear from your life go ahead and type that in the chats right. How many of you would like to make more money book. More clients build your business have a six-figure income yes. Protect yourself from manipulators anybody out there been the victim of a psychic attack or uh energy vampires yes.

Type that in the chat if that's something that you want to learn how to fix if you'd like to program yourself to create massive. Financial abundance more than enough money to buy the things you want and. Then some go ahead type that's me in the chat how many of you would like to nail that new job or get that big promotion at at your at your place of business right. Type in the chat if that's something you're into right.

Okay. If you answered yes. To two or more of these questions you are in the right. Place okay.

So let's talk about the basics the fundamentals if you will um. But for some reason my. PowerPoint is not there we go something locked up on me here. So we said that the law of attraction is all about vibration you will pull into your world the situations circumstances and events that are in harmony with your dominant thoughts.

So here's what. I want you to do of that laundry list that. I just gave you and. I.

I know. I. I know. I skip my pedigree and my history and all that stuff and if you guys most of you guys looking at you are know who.

I am. So. I just thought i' just get right. Into the nitty-gritty to save some time.

But if you guys want to know my laundry list and my curriculum good time. I'm happy to do that how many of you saw something on that list that you'd like to have more of or at all yes. All right. So the.

First thing we're going to do. I want you now if you're now if you're driving don't do this if you're driving don't do this. But uh. The.

Chosen is asking is there a hypnosis technique that. I can that can take away limiting beliefs on autopilot yes. But you have to train it okay. Um.

So the. First thing is pick that thing that you want. I want you to stand up right. I always find it for some reason.

I find it easier to get people uh more in their bodies if they're standing it's kind of weird. So what. I want you to do now is. I want you to just kind of check in with your body okay.

And. I want you to on a piece of paper or you on a piece of paper. I want you to write a simple affirmation a simple affirmation for attracting or getting the thing that you want. So going back to my little list here right.

For example if um let's say. I want to become super attractive to the opposite sex okay. I might say something uh every day and every way. I am becoming more and more attractive to the gender of my choice every day and every way.

I'm becoming more and more attractive to the people. I. I desire every day in every way. I'm becoming more and more attractive to the people.

I desire right. It's just something simple okay. I want you to write it down just way. I gave it to you or you know again this is this is this is a it seems like an.

A. A manifestation exercise it's actually a discovery exercise. So what. I want you to do is.

I want you to just write take a minute write the affirmation on a piece of paper. So you you know you're gonna say the same thing every time when you're done that type done in the chat when you've done that type done in the chat. So. I know okay.

So. Melissa is saying. I want to win the. Iron.

Man. World. Championship excellent excellent um. I am going to win the.

Iron. Man. World. Championship those are great okay.

And we and since she was the. First one to type it in the chat we're going to use hers as an example okay. So. First thing.

I want you to do remember this is not an affirmation exercise it's a discovery exercise because one of the reasons that we. The. Law of. Attraction often doesn't work for us is because it you have two conflicting programs running in your body one's vibrating at this frequency one's vibrating at this frequency and your nervous system has a preference and it's not the one you think.

So we're gonna we're going to explore this okay. So. I want you to check in with your body notice how you feel right. Now.

I want you to take your affirmation of choice and. I want you to say it out loud five times. I want you to say it out loud five times. So stand up now if you're driving don't do this this do this this doesn't really involve trance.

But we are starting to alter our states a little bit. So. I want to make sure you're safe if you want to do this drill and you're driving pull off to the side of the road put the car in park turn the ignition off put the emergency brake on make sure you won't be disturbed or locked up because you're shouting. I.

I want this. I want this. I am this. I am this in the in the in the in the streets okay.

Okay. And now all we're going to do is we're going to say those words out loud. I want to win the. Iron.

Man. World. Championship. I want to win or.

I am going to win the. Iron. Man. World.

Championship. I am going to win the. Iron. Man.

World. Championship again use your affirmation. I'm just using. Melissa because she was nice enough to volunteer hers.

I am going to win the. Iron. Man. World.

Championship five times and. Then when you're done type done in the chat okay. Good now how did you feel at the before the exercise how did you feel after you said it can you can you describe the difference okay. See here better okay.

Scale of 0o to 10 10 being awesome where were you when you started the affirmation where are you now. Tyler says he felt the change excellent five 510 okay. Zero now three excellent six okay. Great now.

I want you to revisit that moment when you were at when you were hitting the four and five level. I want to ask you a question scan your body remember that feeling were there other feelings present like there was this big. Good. Feeling up front and maybe there was these little tiny.

Naggy icky feelings in the back that you were trying to ignore yes. Or no. Lacy says yes. John says yes.

Tyler says yes. A little good congratulations you just discovered the beliefs you didn't know you had now let's talk about that because one of the things the. Law of. Attraction tells us is that you will put out to the.

UN. Universe a vibrational signature a carrier frequency if you will that is in harmony with your dominant thoughts makes sense to me the problem is you think the dominant thought that you have is the one you wrote down and repeated it's not the problem is the dominant thought is the little icky. Naggy feeling in the background that little feeling that little program that little video. Loop is running on a continuous loop all the time below the threshold of your conscious awareness and the only time it breaks the threshold of conscious awareness is when you do something to provoke it you understand you don't know you have that until you come across something either that you're doing in your behavior or you're in an environment that triggers that emotion or triggers that belief system now because that belief is running below the surface all the time that is tainting any manifestation that you put out to the universe it's why sometimes you put something out there and you get something different it's not exactly what you imagined or you thought it would be one way and it's not or it just doesn't manifest it's because those icky.

Naggy feelings in the background now let me talk to you a little bit about that and the reason that. I'm bringing this up is one of the major reasons why the. Law of. Attraction doesn't work because in order for the law of attraction to work you have to be able to communicate effectively with your unconscious mind you need to be able to talk to the part of you that controls your energy field that interacts with the quantum universe that controls your beliefs your perceptions your ideas and if you don't know how to do that.

Then you're going to work harder and harder for less and less reward does that make sense. I don't want to scare you. But. I want to give you guys a realistic understanding of how the.

Law of. Attraction actually works right. You you can't just put out one piece of you can't be sending out a signal one signal while the rest of you is sending out something different does that makes sense you have to be. United and.

So the goal in a lot of. Law of. Attraction work isn't the manifestation part the manifestation actually happens as a byproduct of the other stuff. So let's talk about that for a moment okay.

Um. I'm going to share my screen really quick with you because. I really think it's important uh that we talk about the rules that govern the mind okay. Um and we're going to talk about the rules that govern the.

Mind. First. Then we're going to talk about um the actual. Laws of.

Attraction and. Then we're going to do some more drills okay. So for those of you who want to do. Law of.

Attraction work this is the. First thing. I want. I want you.

I'm going to show this on my screen. I want you to take a screenshot of it okay. Okay. These are called the six.

Dynamics of an unconscious response okay. So let's go through them together because anytime now for those of you who are therapists clients coaches anything where you have to train behaviors in people this are deal with uh traumatic situations or me mindset these are the the six things you must understand if you don't understand these you're going to be working a really really hard for a lot less return on your investment okay. A the unconscious mind always answers. First usually non-verbally it always feels like you're making it up okay.

You always have it always answers you honestly it always feels made up you always have an urge to edit what just came up it's never loud it's never linear now let's jump down to the bottom two never loud never linear when you were giving yourself the affirmation you were speaking to your cons you're using your conscious mind to speak to your subconscious mind yes. True not true true not true guys okay. This is the interactive part of the webinar okay. So here's the thing when you were speaking to your using your conscious mind to speak to your unconscious mind your unconscious mind answered with a feeling two feelings there was the feeling that you wanted and.

Then there was a feeling it was in conflict with okay. That was the. First thing that happens your unconscious mind that autonomic part of you will always answer. First and it will always answer you honestly the the beliefs that you hold may not be true.

But your unconscious mind your autonomic nervous system will treat them as true okay. The part of you that controls all that is also the part that makes things up. So we always feel made up you'll always have an urge to edit what just came up how many times have you been trying to meditate or something like that and all of a sudden uh something pops into your head and the. Next thing that comes into your head is though that can't be right.

Or that's not it ever have that happen or what. I meant to say was when you experience that what has just happened is you asked your n your nervous system a question your nervous system answered your conscious mind didn't like the answer and tried to edit it the parasympathetic nervous system is part of the autonomic nervous system uh. Melissa. So one of the things you need to understand is that the the the the top layer of your brain the conscious mind communicates differently than the other parts of you and.

So we need to understand how does this this deeper part of us the part that controls my energy the part that controls my perceptions the part that controls my belief system how does that communicate to to the newer part of my brain the neocortex okay. So always answers. First always answers honestly always feels made up always have an urge to edit what just came up never loud never linear whenever we start doing work together today okay. These are the six rules that you have to keep focused on when you ask your nervous system a question the.

First thing that pops up regardless of how nonsensical it may seem is actually the right. Answer okay. That's the right. Answer.

But the moment you catch going oh that can't be right. Or that's not it or that. I've had better situations than that that's the conscious mind trying to edit what just came up are you guys. I know are you guys with me.

So far this gets. I did a lot of energy work before. I started this training. So there might be a little bit of.

TR coming through the screen it's all right. Okay. So how about if we could learn how to get rid of all the things that block us would that be useful yes. Or this would that be useful okay.

So let's talk about um well let's just do this right. Real quick how many people have something here when you when you saw the the content of tonight's webinar saw something they really had an idea of what they wanted in other words when you saw tonight's webinar manifesting right. How many of you had something very very specific in mind that you wanted to manifest okay. So here's what we're going to do we're going to do another drill now this is called the emotional motivation checklist okay.

So what's. May what may happen when we do this as we're going through this process your nervous system is going to just turn up the. St it's going to be up on steroids okay. I want you to become aware of how amped your nervous system gets.

But. I also want you to become aware if any of those icky. Naggy feelings come up because if when we start to when we start to tr change our nervous system we want to know how to get rid of those. Naggy feelings and.

So in part three of the webinar what. I'm going to do is. I'm going to show you some very powerful ways to remove those blocks from your life and. Then.

I'll show you how to take. Next steps is that fair yes. Yes. Or yes.

Okay. Good all right. So let's do this. I want you to think of something that you really wanted directly related to a byproduct of tonight's training right.

In other words when you saw tonight's training and you decided you were going to log on and learn about manifesting there was something very very specific that you wanted yes. I want you to take the piece of paper that you wrote your original information down or your affirmation down on and. I want you to write as a byproduct of tonight's webinar. I'm going to get and write that down let me show you this on the screen real quick this is the exercise where is it okay.

Uh go to share screen you have to forgive me. I'm they changed the uh the zoom makeup or the zoom uh layout on this thing and. So. I'm still getting used to it.

So what you see here is the emotional motivation checklist now what you're seeing here guys is one of the single most powerful tools for manifesting in yourself and other people that. I've ever come across okay. Now on the surface it looks like just a few basic questions. But when you do this properly it motivates and it accesses all the divisions of your nervous system in a language every part of you understands and it causes you to become very focused on exactly what you want sending the right.

Message generating a lot of extra energy in the body. But it also allows you to pinpoint the things that might be holding you back. So the. First part of this question when you thought about tonight's webinar as a byproduct of tonight's training what did you want to take away from it what was your outcome and.

I want you to write that out for me uh. Pro uh. Pali is asking can. I plan for more than one thing.

Pali you can absolutely plan for more than one thing after you've mastered this process. So tonight. I want you to have a whole. I want you to have a whole list of things.

But. I want you to pick one the most important one and. I want you to. I want you to answer the question what is it you want other words write your outcome as a byproduct of tonight's training.

I'm going to be able to or. I'm going to get or. I'm going to have or will be able to and write that down and. Then.

I'm. GNA and as you read that and when you've done that just type done in the chat okay. So. Chuck wants to quit procrastinating okay.

Uh. MLV says the ability to manifest anything. I want okay. We can do that uh.

Melissa says. I want all the resources for all. I want college two more degree oh wow youve got a you've got a pretty comprehensive laundry list now. I thank you by the way for writing things in the chat this is not.

NE it's not necessary for you to type these things in the chat although. I am grateful because. I may use those as examples um throughout the webinar. But it's important for you to have this written out on pages on a page in front of you why is that you have these different layers of filter in your nervous system one of the one of the the ones that people have the biggest challenge with is what.

I call the externalization filter when you when you imagine something in your head it's perfect and you know exactly what you mean you know exactly how to manifest you know all of these things and. Then when you try to externalize it and you write it on a paper it's like there's you're just like pushing mud through a screen it's like you there's all this effort to get it out how many people here by a show of hands okay. Have ever wanted to write something or or create a piece of art or what have you and. Then your head it was just amazing right.

And. Then when you tried to put it on paper when you looked at what you done what you written or what you drawn it didn't really match true not true. Ed says yes. Right.

Okay. This is the problem most people when you when you when you're going to be a writer for example and. I went through my undergraduate education on writing scholarships. So.

I understand this process really well right. The. First draft is what we call vomit copy the hardest part of the writing process is getting it out of your head getting it out of your system and into the real world okay. Anytime you hear people say.

I'll know it when. I see it translation they're not going to know it if you want to use the. Law of. Attraction if you want to do manifestation well you have to be specific the only way to be specific is to externalize what you want inside onto something on the outside of you that you can view it pseudo objectively does that make sense yes.

Or yes. It's it's it's the thing that most people believe it or not of all the things. I teach with. Law of.

Attraction this is the piece that most people have the biggest trouble with because they think they know. But when they go to bring it out it's not as easy okay. This is called the externalization filter. So we're going to be doing something we're doing a process called the emotional motivation checklist and this forms the core of a lot of the really.

Advanced manifestation work that we're going to be playing with. But we need to understand these. Dynamics he the six dynamics of the unconscious response the the difference between an obvious feeling and a subtle feeling and how to externalize what we want onto a page. So that we can review it and edit it right.

They people say all good writing is rewriting right. How many people here have ever written something or edited a document like when. I was in when. I was an undergrad right.

They would tell us if you're gonna write something write it and. Then stick it in a drawer for a couple of days and when you go back to edit it you take it out and you read it back you edit it backwards if you wrote it from beginning to end you you edit it from end to beginning why because a your unconscious mind is going to fill in a lot of gaps and. Imperfections and things that don't match up okay. And your and because your unconscious mind is filling that stuff in you don't realize there's a problem until you get a bad grade on the paper it doesn't make sense same thing here with your manifestation work when you're in your head you're thinking about this idealized um highly edited image or or internal representation as.

NLP likes to say. But it's got all kinds of imperfections and things in it. But when you put it on the page and you can look. At it from a meta position which is what we're doing now you see all the things that need tweaking and that's where we can start to really hone in on the exact things that we want.

So what do you want what's important to you about it as you look. At that thing imagine having it for a moment and ask yourself this. Next question what's important about that. So if.

I got this what's that going to do for me and what's important about it and if you got that what's important about that write those things down and. Then what's important about that. So if you look. At our little our little diagram here okay.

So let's let's use one of uh the examples in the chat okay. Uh okay. So. I'm gonna use.

Chuck's example because it's simple as a byproduct of tonight's webinar. I want. I will quit procrastinating okay. So if.

I were. Chuck the. Next thing. I'd be asking is okay.

As a byproduct of tonight's training. I'm going to quit procrastinating and now that. I'm quit. I've quit procrastinating what's important about not procrastinating what's important about uh getting you know how whatever word.

I'm going to use for that. I'm. GNA get things done okay. So if you were to get things done what's that going to do for you well it means.

I'll be more productive oh and what's important to you about being more productive well if. I'm more productive. Then not only will. I get things done.

I'll earn more money. I'll have more time for my kids and. I'll be able to relax and enjoy life oh. So what's if.

So if you were to if you were able to stop procrastinating. You' get more done. So you can make more money have more free time uh enjoy life more and if you would be able to get more done make more money and enjoy life more what's important about that what's that going to do for you well. I'd be happy be fulfilled excellent.

So let's walk back through this again remember we started with a basic question as a byproduct of tonight's webinar what did you want to be able to do quit procrastinating what's important about quitting procrastinating. I get things done what would. Happ and what's important about getting things done well if. I got things done.

I'd make more money. I'd have more time. I'd enjoy life more and what's important to you about making more money and having uh an enjoying life more and. Y yada y well.

I'm be happy you guys see the do you see the hierarchy yes. Right. This is what. I want you to do right.

Now with the one thing that you've picked out for tonight's webinar right. Now keep in mind you may have three or four or five things if you really want to get fired up do this process for all of those. But. I.

I'm doing this for several reasons a because. I want you to see that this webinar is about you it's about what you want it's about getting what you desire. But it's also about teaching you about yourself it's about understanding how your system really works. So you can work with the system okay.

So when you've done these steps just like. I walked through it in my example just type done in the chat now here's a secret you should be getting emotional as you drill down on this and you're really thinking about it you should feel emotions coming up you should be getting emotional right. That's how you know you're getting close to what we call your emotional needs your emotional desires and when we talk about manifestation energy vibration guys and gals it's all about emotion emotion is the the resource that we need okay. Yes.

Imagination is important. But it's the imagination combined with the energy that it generates that creates a shift for us. So here's what we're going to do. Next.

I'm going to jump out uh. So you guys all have a completed form like this yes. Or yes. Okay.

Good. So. I'm. G to jump out of my screen share now we're going to do this drill together.

So now what we're going to do is we're going to take the sheet that we've created right. With our as a byproduct of tonight's webinar. I want. I'm going to have this when.

I have that what's important about that is this is going to be important about that when. I have that going to be this and. Then this this. So we have that we're going to take that sheet of paper now once again if you're driving don't do this okay.

We're going to hold this up at about a 45 degree angle like. So all we're going to do is we're going to read out loud the answers to what we've just written. So before we do that. I want you to check in with your body just like we did with the affirmation exercise before right.

I want you to check in where your body's at as hold this up. I want you to speak each of these answers to your question five times can we do that right. So in the in the procrastination answer uh. I might say uh get things done be more productive make more money have more free time be happy be productive get more done have more time free be happy get more done have more time be happy.

I'm just going to go through that list five or six times with as much. Gusto as. I can okay. When you've done that type done in the chat and again if if yours is not procrastination don't use my example done okay.

Ed's done. Lacy's done very good. Mista is done okay. How do you feel right.

Now compare compare how you started versus how you feel now how do you feel uncomfortable okay. What else unsure a lot better very good stronger okay. Very cool all right. So for those of you who may have provoked the bear a little bit right.

Don't worry part three we're going to clear that stuff up okay. Carri says more posit y'all wi yall wired and fired you ready you ready for the. Next step one of the reasons that those icky feelings come up for those of you one of the reason those icky feelings come up is because you have some beliefs in the way you have some experiences that are saying hey this isn't this isn't economical or ecological for us now there's also another reason it's because of of the. Bel and it goes back to beliefs beliefs have a structure.

So let's do something else shall we and. I'm going to show you. I'm going to share my screen again. But this time this time we're going to focus on something a little different.

So this is a level one technique and. So what we're going to do. So let's let's go back to uh who was it the uh was it. Chuck.

I want you to take the things that we just did and. I want you to rewrite them and this is here's how. I want you to do it rather than saying um. I am no.

Longer procrastinating or some weird affirmation like that. I am okay. I want you to say something along the lines of. I now get things done because and.

I want you to fill in the blank with the. First thing that pops up in your head okay. So for example let's go back to. Melissa's um uh.

I am winning. I'm winning the. Next. Iron.

Man competition because fill in the blank right. So you see the difference instead of saying. I now win. I am now.

I am now winning the. Iron. Man competition and. I know it's a championship by the way you're now going to turn it into what we call a cause and effect statement okay.

I am now winning the. Next. Iron. Man competition because.

I am no. Longer procrastinating because and you want to fill in the blank the. First thing that pops up okay. Going back to once again to this idea unconscious mind always answers.

First right. So let me make this a little bit bigger okay. Um yeah. So information level one.

So these are some things that you might be wanting to do the secret to this is because and. Then fill in the blank. So what. I want you to do now is.

I want you to go back over the answers to the list and. I want you to rewrite them as a because statement. So. I have more time with my family and that means or that or or.

So that's the two things we want to talk about and that means or because. So those are the two words that you fill in are you guys following me because. I'm. I'm a little the temperature in here suddenly got really hot and.

I'm a little fuzzy. So. Okay. Tyler says okay.

Good. So once you have those all those statements. Rewritten type done in the chat okay. All right.

Perfect now we're gonna do whoops how did. I turn my camera off all right. Anyway the. Next thing we're gonna do is.

I want you to do the same thing we did before now. I want you to take your list okay. And. I want you to go ahead and read those out loud.

I am now winning the. Iron. Man competition because. I am uh no.

Longer procrastinating and that means blank and. I and. I want you to use these cause and effect statements and. I just want you to read them five times out loud and tell me what happens type it in the chat when you're done.

Chuck says. I feel in control of my life done okay. So. Melissa what happened when you did it this way no.

Mixed messages ah there we go we're getting there that is as. Rush that's a rush she said. Tyler says yes. Remember something everything you want your nervous system has reasons for why you can get it let me say that again for everything that you want to manifest your nervous system has its own belief systems and reasons for why you can get it and why they want it why it wants it when you tap into that it it starts to ignore all the reasons why you can't have it and it starts freeing up energy and motivation and excitement in the direction of the statement now.

I can. I could spend two and a half days just teaching the. Linguistics and the. Neuroscience behind what you just did with one sentence right.

But. I want you to think about what just happened all you did was change the way you wrote something now compare the energy level you have now versus the way the the way your energy level was with the. First affirmation exercise is it different yes. Or yes.

Because it's powerful yes. It is now what if you spent the same amount of time doing affirmations like this as you did doing the old ones do you think you'd be sending a really powerful message out to the universe you see when you start using this structure to your affirmations your neurology fills in all the reasons why it can do this why it can have this why you do deserve to have this and you pull out all the stops and your brain says go for it and take and and it lets you go for it does that make sense okay. So that being said scale of 0 to 10 how much you want to take this to the. Next level type it in the chat they don't teach us no.

No. I had to figure it out 10 a thousand 10 all right. So. Then if it's if it's okay.

With you with your permission. I'd like to show what. I've shared with you tonight is a tiny tiny piece of a much more comprehensive system and each piece makes every other piece it multiplies the force of every other piece. But this just one tiny thing if you just applied this will change everything.

But there's a whole system behind it right. Obviously. I can't teach you everything. But.

I can show you how to get access to that. So with your permission. I'd like to teach you about what. I've put together for you guys and uh show you where to go to take the.

Next level and and level it up is that okay. Is that fair okay. Very cool. Then with your permission oops with your permission.

I'd like to talk to you about a program. I put put together very special one in fact called. The. Hidden.

Laws of. Attraction ultimate manifestation. Mastery home study program now this is um probably the most comprehensive manifestation training system on the planet um and it with it and. I'm going to be very upfront um.

I have been able to manifest patently impossible things um. I can't guarantee that that'll be true for you. But you have a much higher chance with this than probably any other system hidden. Laws of.

Attraction ultimate manifestation. Mastery home study course is all about helping you take your life to the. Next level it's about making more money actually it's not about making more money it's about attracting more money it's about becoming the person who can be a magnet magnet for money because of the value that they send out to the world it's about closing more deals having more dates or more fulfilling dates helping more people it's about moving through the world confident knowing who you are where you come from why you're here it's about expressing your truth power unleashing the magic within you all the while radiating charm. Charisma and becoming an irresistible.

Force for good in this world you can have and manifest anything you desire as long as you're willing to become the person to whom those things can manifest for and that's what this is all about the true law of attraction is really the study of alchemy it's about becoming a person who knows who they are where they come from and how to unlock the magic that is your. Birthright. As a conscious being. So here's what.

I put together this is a very very limited time offer. I've even actually. I actually put a bunch of limits on this and it expires tonight. June 10th 2024 at 11:59.

PM. So here's where we're going to start we're going to start with our basic well it's not a basic it's our one of our most powerful courses this is the hidden. Laws of. Attraction uh ultimate manifestation home study course we're going to teach you how to unlock the powers of your subconscious mind to quickly manifest anything you desire we're going to teach you how to find or remove block to health wealth and happiness the blocks you didn't even know you had and.

I show. I think you've seen at the beginning of tonight's webinar. I showed you how to find those. I showed you that you actually have these things that are that are pulling your strings that are that are driving the bus for you and.

I'm going to show you how to find them and eliminate them once you do that you'll be able to become a magnetic money person you'll be able to track money at many different levels in many different ways you'll be able to influence people both in person and remote when we talk about influence we're not just talking about making people do what you want that's part of it. But it's also about healing other people helping remove other people's blocks to success and becoming a um a benefit to society right. It's about finding and removing the hidden negativity in yourself and other people how to clear up issues that just don't seem to go away if you've ever gone to somebody for a problem that you've had and they they do something and it goes away and on the way home or a couple days. Later it comes back.

I'm going to show you how to fix that once and for all you just. I've just given you the level one y information method for programming your mind to attract the things you want and change what you deserve and that's the biggest piece you see one of the problems we have is we have these beliefs that say we don't deserve things when you use the information methods there's more than one properly your unconscious mind automatically. Taps into the reasons why you deserve to have something and once it starts tapping into the reasons you deserve to have something it unlocks all the energy reserves it's been holding back how many of you noticed that when you did that that basic information drill there was this massive load of energy that was released into your system right. It's because you were tapping your body said oh it's okay.

To use this now right. That's just the beginning because unlocking that energy is one thing channeling it molding it directing it that's that's where we start to into the real stuff and that's what you're you're going to be learning we're going to teach you how to install the traits qualities and characteristics of naturally lucky people there's an there's a mechanism in your body known as the reticular activating system that that little organic piece of you is designed to control your perceptions of the world around you and the people in it and if you don't understand how this mechanism works it will work random and by default okay. Okay. I usually tell these long drawn out stories.

But how many people have ever uh gone shopping for something and maybe you didn't buy it right. Away or. But you thought about it for a long time and. Then.

Finally you got up the nerve to buy it you bought it you maybe you were driving it home or wearing it home and all of a sudden you look. Around and everybody else is having has something similar on or they're driving something similar you ever had that experience it's like everywhere you look. Is this thing you've been upset ing about you can thank your reticular activating system for that now why is this important because the reticular activating system is also what makes you lucky now what do. I mean by that many many years ago there was a study done by.

I think it was done by. Psychology today they wanted to know if there were actual psychological characteristics that lucky people have in common turns out there are there are about four or five of them right. And one of those was the belief that they were naturally lucky people like all. Lucky people believe they're lucky and because they believe they're lucky this reticular activating system would automatically open up their perceptions and draw them to.

Lucky occurrences in the environment people who weren't who didn't consider themselves lucky would completely ignore uh serendipitous events right. So they would they would rent out this restaurant they would would send the lucky people in they would put a 20. PB note on the floor and 100% of the lucky people found it. Then they would send in average people and about 5050 50% of the people saw it 50% of the people didn't give or take.

Then they send in people who categorize themselves as unlucky and as far as we know those people are still trying to find the restaurant. So there's these characteristics that we can show you how to build and install within yourself that will automatically raise up your luck quotient organically and that's part of what this training is about right. We're going to teach you the the most powerful manifestation tool. I've ever come across there were questions about it it's called image cycling and and if you want go to my.

YouTube video funny. Law of. Attraction stories you'll hear me talking about the power of image cycling how rapidly it can manifest just about anything right. We're going to teach you in depth how to do that and much much more okay.

The. Next thing we're going to talk about okay. The total value on this is 1,997. But because this is a package we've we've bu out and we've rounded out this training with a bunch more stuff for you okay.

Uh we're going to include these special bonuses. First and foremost we're going to include one of my most powerful vibrational influence trainings ever this is the vibrational influence. UK special edition now our vibrational influence classes are usually three days this was a special five-day class that we're going to include the full the two extra days of bonus material it's going to teach you systematically how to unlock the manifestation powers of your subconscious mind it's going to teach you how to tap in to your own energy field and mold and control energies in ways you never thought possible we're going to teach you about mudras and hand seals and mantras and how sound affects the body we're going to teach you how to gain and control uh your mind and body in ways you never thought possible in ways that you can test we're going to teach you how to unlock your own unlimited potentials and harness uh the forces of the universe to do your betting in other words we're going to teach you how to send place in order with the universe in a multiple multitude of ways and have that order come back and work for you and manifest for you okay. Um.

I'm going to teach you how to heal yourself and others using energetics oral work uh spinning color breathing. Magic. Frame things of that nature how to manifest anything you want and increase your very own psychic skills and much much more this was a a i. I really love this training.

I'm almost afraid to give this one out um because this is one of the few ones where. I actually teach what. I call the. Coogi in which is if you ever seen know ninja movies where they're doing all these weird hand signs.

I actually teach a good chunk of that in this training is along with remote influence uh raiki pronic healing some other things as well it's a $2,497 value we're going to give this to you absolutely free uh total combined value on this is $4,495 we're also going to include one of our our specialty trainings called vibrational healing and this is going to teach you once again how to tap into the power of your energy field your spirit uh your cardiac nervous system to. Finally remove blocks and energetic blocks to health and wealth and happiness that you didn't even know that you had how to become a master of energy healing and this is actually probably one of the places that will separate uh you from most other healers out there just to give you an example. I uh. I did a version of this uh in.

Costa. Rica it was a 7-Day and uh my high level students we all went to uh train with uh a very high level teacher in. Chinese medical. Chiang and a lot of these guys joined uh very late in training it was a 16 training a 16 seminar training over four years they came in at seminar 12 and because of the training they had they were able to actually keep up and and do everything that the the.

Master. Level students were able to do. I'm not trying to tap. Pat myself on the back or anything like that they're the ones that did the work.

But when. I talk about the power of this this particular material there's no. BS here if you want to be effective as an energy healer and you want to get it done in the shortest amount of time possible this is the most direct way to unlock your true healing abilities fast okay. Uh we're going to teach you remove negativity from your past we're going to teach you powerful new energy control methods for programming your mind and energy bodies.

Empower your healing and manifestation skills uh for maximum results in minimum time we're going to teach you how to discover the most powerful engines of transformation. I've ever come across in the many disciplines. I've studied and. I've studied everything from cabala to.

Christian mysticism. DST mysticism two forms of christianism um uh. Buddhist mysticism uh. I've been a law student of the.

Law of. Attraction. Huna for a very long time and these are the things that constantly get results these are the things. I've worked into my personal system and.

I want to share them with you. So that you can have these kinds of results too okay. I'm an. OBS kind of guy.

I don't have a lot of patience and if it doesn't work and it well consistently and fast. I don't teach it. I want to make sure you get the same things in your life. I'm pretty sure that's true for you too all that and much much more.

So this is a 2000 $497 value. But we're going to do this for you free we're going to throw this in because. I know a lot of you are healers. I know a lot of you want to take your skills as a coach as a manifestor to the.

Next level this is going to do that for you okay. I really believe that it's a 6,991 total package value. So far. But we're not done yet uh we're also going to include probably one of the most powerful personal development programs.

I've ever created this is called the secrets of person transformation home study course it's based on a curriculum. I created called the self-mastery supercharger and usually when. I teach this it's done uh to people who want to be therapists this particular training is all about how to use these same techniques for yourself on yourself by yourself right. So we're going to teach you how to reprogram your subconscious mind at will we're going to teach you how to find and remove the blocks to negativity and limiting beliefs you didn't even know you had we're going to teach you how to find and remove the uh to clear up issues that go away and come back or just don't seem to go away okay.

We're going to change that crappy voice inside your head in case you're wondering what. I mean it's that voice in your head that just said what voice we're going to teach you how to change that from a voice that tears you down holds you back has you focusing on all the reasons why you shouldn't do something and turn it into your own personal guide mentor and cheerleader the one that tells you all the reasons why you deserve to do something how you can be successful why you deserve to have it. That. Forgives you for all wrongs real or imagined that gives you the very best advice and is always in your corner rooting for you right.

It's one of the most powerful techniques that you can experience okay. We're going to teach you how to resolve all the negativity from your past. But we're not just going to teach you how to resolve the negativity we're going to teach you how to drain the energy out of those stored memories take that energy repurpose it and put it into your positive memories. So your positive memories only get stronger.

So that when you look. Back on the past you only remember the past in ways that make your life better okay. In the advanced trainings we got one coming up in uh in. July.

I'm going to take those guys even further. I'm going to show them how to take that energy out of their memories and use it to rebuild their body it's really cool. But one thing at a time okay. We're going to teach you how to install the traits qualities and characteristics of the people you like and admire.

So if you like my ability with language for example. I'm going to show you through deep trans identification how to install that ability in yourself if you have people who are very good at manifesting and you want to tap into that power for yourself. I will show you through deep trans identification how to make that happen okay. It's super powerful this program is a $2,497 value we're going to give this to you free because.

I want you to win because. I want you to have the very best training available. I get that some people can't travel. But have lives and you want to make make it the best the biggest bang for your buck and.

I want you to have that opportunity. So the total combined value if you do the math on this now is $948. But we're still not done like. I said.

I've never offered a package like this before my uh my assistant thought. I was crazy when. I told him what. I was planning on doing today in fact he actually didn't want me to do it um because he knows the value of what.

I'm giving he feels like. I'm giving away the farm maybe. I am. I'll let you decide um we're also going to throw in very special program some of you when.

I when. I started today's webinar you wanted to manifest a partner you wanted to manifest somebody who was right. For you. So what.

I'm going to do for you guys is. I'm going to throw in a special program that. I created. I only ever did this online it's called the soulmate.

Secrets. Members. Only video master class and this was a class on how to find identify and attract the love of your life and keep them. So soulmate.

Secrets is all about becoming the person who can attract the person person they want. So there's a lot of personal transformation work in it this is not a dating skills class. I'm going to be upfront with you there are some attraction and communication techniques in here. But this is not a dating skills class um this is about the inner game of finding uh that perfect someone.

But. I'll give you some basic ideas about what you can discover uh in this program. I'm going to teach you about the surprising ways that the chemistry of your body contributes to infatuation if you're some one of these people that finds himself going through these. Cycles six to eight weeks of being in love falling out of love the flame is gone and you're off to the.

Next one chances are it's not love it's addiction we're going to show you how to figure that out and what to do about it instead we're going to overcome the soulmate myth we're going to teach you about how the different cultures look. At soulmates and why a soulmate is not what you think and why you can have more than one soulmate okay. We're going to teach you how to eliminate negative relationship programming from your childhood one of the biggest challenges that you beings have is that we tend the the relationships that we're surrounded by growing up our father and our mother or whoever was our dominant caregivers they form the template for our future relationships your unconscious mind is always sorting for what's familiar and if you don't understand this concept of imprinting you will tend to recreate the relationships you had that were around you at a very young age we're going to show you how to how to re reveal that and how to change it. I'm going to teach you how to prepare yourself for proper communication we're going to teach you techniques for moving from infatuation to love how to accept changes in your relationship right.

How to determine what you need in a relationship and what you don't and how you know that you're getting it how to determine what your partner needs in a relationship and how to give it to them right. How to identify the obstacles that come up and. Then conquer them we're going to teach you strategies for keeping that spark alive and that's just a tiny tiny piece of what we're going to we're going to let you help you figure out why you're attracted to certain types of people right. And why you're not why are you always attracted to the wrong types of people there's a whole science behind that that will help you explore you'll learn basic communication patterns and ways to demonstrate love for people.

So that they feel like they're receiving it and. So that you know how to be communicated with to know when you're receiving what love that you want you'll discover the difference between sex and sexuality and sensuality and the role that each one plays how to identify potential relationship challenges before they come up and how to handle them right. We're going to talk about. So many new things this is something that will completely transform your approach to relationships okay.

But we're not done there okay. This is we're going to throw this in absolutely free it's a $1,997 value total combined value. So far is $1,485 now think about what. I've talked about.

So far and what you've been able to do with just one tiny technique from this entire package imagine what you can do if you have all of it on on tap on demand any time that you want right. So let's just look. At this real quick okay. You're going to get the hidden.

Laws of. Attraction home study course including the hidden. Laws of. Attraction program.

So $1,997 value you're going to get the vibrational influence. UK special edition it's a $2,497 value it's we're going to give you vibrational influence 2021 it's a again it's a was a real good class that we did on on. Advanced energetic healing and remote healing 2,4 $97 value we're going to throw in the secrets of. Personality transformation home study course $2,497 value and as a super bonus we're going to give you the hidden.

Laws of. Attraction soulmate. Secrets. Master.

Class $1,997 value total retail on that would be $1,485 if you if you went to the website and tried to buy these things individually. But it's my homecoming. So to speak. So today.

I want to give you the best deal humanly possible he maybe inhumanly possible right. I want to share with you you're not going to have to pay $1,485 right. We're not even going to charge a 9,000 or 6,000 or even $449 right. Would would $2,497 be a fair price for everything that.

I've just talked about actually yeah. But you know what. I'm not even going to charge you that much right. You can get everything in this package and again my my ad.

Moss is is pulling his hair out right. Now. I know it. But you can get it all for one one installment of just $99.97 each or three installments of just 3.97 each all you got to do to get yours is go to www.lpower.com hloa that's www.lpower.com hloa.

So. I'm going to go ahead. I'm. G to paste these links in the chat for you guys hold on.

Second some reason my my chat doesn't want to move we go okay. There's the links for you guys now let's keep going okay. So. So here's the thing some of you may be saying well.

David that's that's a hella good deal. But how do. I know this stuff will work well here's the thing. I want you to take 60 days and work this work these techniques work these programs if after 60 days if after 60 days you're not on the fast track to making more money getting the love you want the way that you want it if you're not attracting more success in the in the areas that are most important to you if you're not on your way to feeling more secure and confident if you're not manifesting or at least moving towards the life you want the way you want it.

I will refund every single dime that you've invested in this program if you're not 100% satisfied with what you're getting and what it's doing for you. I don't want to keep your investment. I want you to take that money and use it on something that does get you the results. But here's the thing.

I want you to understand. I have under promised and under promoted what these techniques will do uh. Susan. Ralph says.

I don't have a membership. I'm trying to sign up uh. Mia if you can help or. Moss if you can help.

Susan that would be good um. I have under promised what these things can do these things will change not just the things you can manifest into your life they will change your. Consciousness they will change your perceptions of the world they will open doors for you that you can only begin to imagine right. We call it seeing the.

Matrix in. David um. So. I warn you you have 60 days to test these things if they don't work we'll give you your money back.

But. I will also warn you that this stuff will change your life forever. So if you're if you're ready to never be the same again click that link right. Now right.

If you're ready for a change because if you keep doing what you've been doing you're going to stay stuck. But if you want to be different click this link right. Now www.lpower.com slhl. O8 drop the.

S out of the. HTTP because that messes up the link uh www.lpower.com. HL a okay. Now here's the thing.

I am a firm believer in over rewarding people why is that because if you take actions you get the goodies the the behavior that gets rewarded gets repeated the behavior gets repeated gets reinforced and. I want you to understand that. Victory goes to the takers transformation goes to the people who get off their butts click the buttons and do the work okay. And.

So. I want to reward you for that. I want to give you this this as a way of rewarding you for a job well done for taking action and clicking those links. So if you click this link now before the end of tonight's webinar now.

I'm going to be very clear what. I'm going to talk to you about. Next there's a lot of limits on it okay. And.

I have my reasons. But the. Next three things. I'm going to talk about are only good until.

I log off the webinar tonight if you call us after the webinar you will not qualify for the things. I'm about to talk about you will qualify for everything. I've talked about up to this point. But you will not qualify for.

What's following some of these things are for firsttime webinar attendees only and. So if you call up and you've gotten a webinar package from us in the past there may be a small fee that we add on it still be a big discount. But this is just we we want to get this information out to the new people. First and reward people for coming back and doing more.

So that being said let's look. At what we've got for you okay. First and foremost if you're one of the. Next five to 10 people to click this link we're going to give you a three-month trial membership to the.

NLP power. Mastermind mentoring. Practice. Group this is a group study that.

I run every month it's run by me um this month this. Saturday coming up we're going to be having a sixh hour training where. I'm. G to literally go around the room and say.

Nisha what do you want to learn lahti what do you want to learn. Seth what do you want to learn. Chuck what do you want to learn. Melissa what do you want to learn and.

I'm going to write those things on the board and for the. Next six hours. I'm going to drill you on those specific skill sets until you can do them in your sleep the end of that time. I'm going to sh you loose on the world you go back in the world you apply the skills you you've been training you come back.

Next month we're going to do it all over again what do you want to learn what do you want to learn what do you want to learn what do you want to learn what do you want to learn right. We're going to create that curriculum and we're going to train for three four five hours and. I'm gonna s you loose again you will not get a certificate from the. NLP power.

Mastermind mentoring. Practice. Group what you will get is 10 times more important maybe a hundred times more important what you will get from the. NLP power.

Mastermind mentoring program is two things you'll get me and the. Hands-On practice you need to take this from interesting information to unstable. Transformations this will take you from. Zero to.

Hero in a. New. York okay. Because this is how you get good this is how you embody the skills you're investing in yourself to learn okay.

Uh. Lacy's asking about payment plans. Moss. M if you could answer her that would be good um it's about doing the work right.

I could give you a certificate right. Now right. I could hand it to you and say okay. You're you're a certified.

Law of. Attraction practitioner you're a certified hypnotist go do the work and you wouldn't be able to do anything why you haven't been trained you haven't you got the. Reps in right. There's a difference by the way between qualification qualif being competent and being experienced one.

I can the. NLP power. Mastermind program is designed to give you experience the the training and the videos the trainings and the live events that we do those will give you the competencies you'll be competent to do things. But what you get to do with the the.

NLP power mastering mentoring program is different it's going to round out your experience it's going to give you real world training that you can take into the field and perform on demand anytime anywhere now the best part about the. Mastermind program is that it's been running non-stop since. October of 2010 and we have videotaped every single one of those trainings as a member of the. NLP power.

Mastermind mentoring program you will have unlimited access to all of the videos of each of those trainings for the. Last 13 years stuff that's never been shown on. YouTube that's never seen the light of day in a product it's been held private and sacrosanct only for the people who are active members of. The.

Mastermind in good standing okay. So you'll be able to binge watch those to your heart's content at the end of 90 days if you love it if you love it we'll show you how to extend your membership if at the end of 90 days you decide well. I got what. I needed.

I'm going to move on that's fine too. But here's the other thing that. The. Mastermind program is going to do for you that is probably the single most important thing.

Beyond repetitions people it's going to give you a community of like-minded people like you like me who want the same things you want who want to learn learn about the same things you want who are looking for people to practice with and train with and get feedback from and give feedback to most of the people who keep coming back to trainings at. Planet. David over and over again. I know.

I'm part of it. But the big part is the people people like you amazing people that want to learn these things and have a safe place to talk and practice these things without feeling like you're going to get burned at the steak or strung up or or what have you right. Or think that people you're nuts or weird or eat a tinfoil hat or whatever right. That's what the that's what the.

Mastermind program is about it's about a community for you and. I. I really invite you to click that link and be one of us be part of the family right. In that non- difficulty kind of way okay.

So you're gonna get 90 days to try it out if you love it we'll show you how to stay if you don't you got 90 days of cool stuff with cool people and you have some fun and you get to talk to me and hang out with me either virtually or in person because a lot of times. I bring people to my office and we do things in person live okay. Okay. Excellent welcome aboard.

Susan. Ralph who is also named. Kim all right. Anyway welcome aboard.

I'm glad you clicked the link um let's get back to our regularly scheduled program shall we. I got more stuff for you. But. I wanted to jump off and look.

You in the eye and kind of explain this to you that's okay. Okay. Let's go back to uh the other things. I got.

So total value on this is $1,597. But we're going to give this to you free $3,082 in total value. So far. But we're not done.

Next thing we're going to give you remember. I said when. I was talking about soulmate. Secrets.

I said the soulmate. Secrets class is not a dating skills. Workshop it's an inner game. Workshop it's about figuring out who you are what you want what you want in a person where to find those people and become attractive to them attraction.

Mastery is the flip side of this this is going to give you as a man or woman the the specific specific skills that you need to locate and acquire and attract the people you want instead of the people you don't want it's design it's a co-ed. Workshop it's designed for men and women to be able to attract the kinds of. Partners they want the way they want it to take that relationship to whatever level they desire and keep the magic flowing okay. This is a a very powerful program it's based on um our our killer influence program which is the number one.

NLP uh training in the world uh and it's going to teach you all the phys how to approach how to signal it being approached how to know what you want how to extract yourself from situations that aren't going well how to recognize attraction how to signal attraction to people how to talk and keep the conversation going. So the person you're with thinks that you're the most fascinating person they've ever met how to keep how to never have be at a loss for words ever again how to feel confident and connected how to recognize the language of. Attraction the seven stages that all men and women go through as they as they're moving from stranger to intimacy the three magic questions protocol that gets people to fall in love with you and give you all the information you need about them to make a decision about whether they're a keeper or not in as little as 20 minutes teaching you how to tell stories that. Fascinate and.

Captivate people and. So much more this is one of the most powerful relationship management and and partner getting tools that. I've ever created. I don't teach this one that often anymore uh because.

I'm. I'm moving in other directions. But one of the things. I keep getting asked about is how do.

I find a better partner how do. I become a better partner how do. I stop dating the same person with a different face and. So much more this is this is the the young of the yin of the soulmate.

Secrets if you have this course and soulmate secrets you have the inner game you have the outer game to be able to find and attract and keep the men or man or woman or whatever of your dreams okay. It is a super powerful program it's a lot of fun it's going to teach you things about yourself that will just shock and. Amaze you okay. It's a $2,497 value we're going to give this to you free if you're one of the.

Next five to 10 people to click that link before. I log off this webinar remember when. I log off the webinar the course goes away okay. Total combined value on this is $1 15,57 we're also going to include and again.

I hesitate to this. But this is what you wanted you guys some of you guys were online with me. Last night when. I was doing an.

AMA and. I asked you what you wanted to learn about. So here's the deal for the. Next 10 people.

I forgot to put a line through that for the. Next 10 people who register right. Now for this webinar package. I am going to give you a.

VIP super ticket to our one and only unleashing the magic within live. Advanced hypnosis energy healing manif estation boot camp live in. Las. Vegas.

July 23rd through the 25th at the. Sahara. Resort in casino. This is.

GNA be there's only 10 people for this there should be a line through this. So. I'm just going to cover that all right. There's we're only.

GNA let the. First 10 people to click those links now have access to this. VIP ticket now. I'm going to tell you why that is.

First and foremost. I don't want a big class the. Second reason is um that because this is an an event. I'm doing in partnership with the.

Hypno. Thoughts life hypnosis convention they get a piece of the revenue for every student that comes whether they're on a. VIP ticket or not. I have to pay hypn thoughts their portion to make sure that everything's hunky.

D. So. I'm only gonna. I'm only getting 10 of these.

VIP tickets away if you are ticket holder 11 right. Then we're going to give you something else. But this is a $1,997 value this is the one and only time. I plan on teaching this um this way.

So if you if you're interested in anything to do with. Advanced hypnosis energy manifestation energy healing uh psychic attack and self-defense this is actually one of the few classes where. I'm actually going to pull back the veil on. Advanced vibrational techniques and psychic self-defense and attack skills uh one of the things that we'll be doing is we'll be using the sound of our voice to actually change the properties of matter we'll actually take um we'll take a a glass of whiskey and we'll connect to the.

Divine and we'll vibrate a tone through the whiskey and we'll actually transform the taste of the whiskey right. In front of you this is actually an intermediate level test for medical chiong practitioners in. China to prove that they could purify uh toxins out of the body right. We're going to show you two ways to do this uh we're going to teach you about image cycling we're going to teach you about the transformational.

Triad we're going to teach you about all these different healing practices. But we're also going to teach you how to use your energy field to amplify the hypnotic effects of other. PE on other people all right. Um it's it's actually something that was kept really really secret um yeah.

I'm not going to talk too much more about that for those of you who want to know a little bit more about that uh there's a video. I released on our. YouTube channel called unleashing the magic within it's about a 10 or 15 minute video you can go watch that um we're actually almost full. But.

I was going to give. I'm giving this as a. Last minute bonus um yeah. I'm.

I'm. I'm. I'm a little. I'm a little nervous about this one.

But if you want to go all right. If one of the. Next five to 10 people to click this link right. Now we're going to give you one of these super tickets okay.

Total combined value on this is $ 17,576. But we're not done oops that's not what. I wanted sorry click that link right. Now and we're going to also throw in the.

VIP super ticket to our. Next three-day virtual healing intensive this is uh usually to walk in to get a a session with me is $3,000 at the door to walk in the door during our healing intensive it's going to be you and a small group of people we're going to zoom in and for the. Next three days. I am personally going to lead you through one healing and transformation exercise after another one after the other after the other it's going to completely resolve all your blocks to success it's going to move you it's going to resolve traumas you didn't even know you had it's going to give you the ability to um reach to change and modify your values to overcome limiting beliefs to resolve physical and emotional pain um and.

So much more this is uh we this will be our. Third one. I think it is uh and people absolutely love it if you if you if you're not interested in manifesting if you just want to fix your own stuff. But you need help and you can't afford my rates this is probably the the the.

Next best thing because it's just you and me and and a a team of my my top ranked therapists that. I've trained guiding you through one exercise after the other uh and. So this you'll come out of this completely different uh and your life will never be the same again. So we're going to limit this also for the.

Next 10 to 15 people because we try to keep um the virtual intensive to around 30 to make sure that everybody can get the personal attention that they need it's a $2,350 value. But we're going to give it to you free if you're one of the. Next 5 to 10 people to to click this link link right. Now and uh register for this.

VIP super package total combined value on this guys is $1,926. I have never ever ever ever ever ever offered a package as robust as this okay. So um if you want to be one of the few people on the. Block to have access to some of the most powerful and secret transformational work if you want access to that unleashing the magic within training seminar three-day training.

I highly encourage you to click that link right. Now reserve your. SP uh and remember if you are number 11 you won't get the unleashing the magic. But you will get the healing intensive.

So by all means click your links right. Now $1,926 value let's just review and. Then we're going to get to part three of our webinar where we talk about clearing stuff up okay. What you're going to get is the hidden.

Laws of. Attraction home study course valued at $1,997 you're going to get the vibrational influence. United. Kingdom special edition 5-day training 20 497 value we're going to give that to you free you're going to get the vibrational healing home study course $2,497 value that we're going to give you 100% free you're going to get secrets of.

Personality transformation uh self-mastery supercharger training system $2,497 value we're going to give that to you free as an extra bonus you're going to get the hidden. Laws of. Attraction soulmate. Secrets master class it's a $1,997 value we're going to give that to you free you're going to get the attraction.

Mastery 4day attraction skills intensive the yin and yang of. Attraction $2,497 value we're going to give that to you free you're going to get the. NLP power. Mastermind mentoring.

Practice. Group trial $1,597. Value. Plus the 13-year archive access we're going to give that to you free we're going to give you.

H the. VIP ticket to the unleashing the magic within super training this is a oneandone training we're not we don't know that we're ever going to offer this again. So if you're serious about energetics hypnos is manifestation and mystical magical applications psychic self-defense psychic attack psychic influence all those things this is the training you want to be at. So $1,997 value we're going to give this to you free if you're one of the.

Next five to 10 people that actually clicks that link right. Now and reserves your webinar package okay. And plus you're also going to get the free. VIP virtual healing intensive super ticket it's a 20 ,350 value we're going to give that to you free now that's free for you whether um you're one of the.

Next five to 10 or not. But for the unleashing the magic you got to be one of the. First five to 10 before. I log off the webinar to get that unleashing the magic okay.

If you click on the link and you're 11 12 13 14 you'll still get the. VIP ticket for the healing intensive. But you will not qualify for the unleashing the magic training. I have to do it this way uh for the reasons.

I stated and. I want to make sure that everybody gets the biggest the most from that training. So. I'm limiting it okay.

Total value is $19,99 you can get it all today for one low installment of just $99.97 or you can make three easy installments of 3.97 each all you got to do to get yours is go to www.lpower.com hloa that's www.lpower.com hloa and uh you will be added to our database and you'll be able to attend you know easy peasy if you have questions give. Moss a call at 858 282 4663 or you can email. Mia at uh. Mia nlpp power.com these are two of my amazing assistants and they are always in the background making sure that you are taken care of in the most efficient.

I and joyful way possible and uh that being said. I'm going to go ahead and give you guys uh about seven minutes to go ahead and click your link ask your questions what have you when we come back from the break. I'm going to go ahead and pick up with phase three of the webinar and we're going to start looking at clearing blocks to success and perhaps customizing the webinar a little bit more to what you really want to focus on in terms of application. So when.

I come back you get to pick the menu uh and. Then whatever you decide as a group is what we'll focus on that being said it is 4:36 pafic time we will be back at 4:43. Pacific time and uh click those links and. I will see you in just a few minutes e e e e e e e e e e all right.

We got a few got about a minute left. So let's go ahead and uh. I'll take. U go ahead and click your links and.

I'll take any questions that you have before we go into part three of the webinar like. I said we're going to continue to teach right. I just wanted to share with you um what we' put together for you um. I've never.

I've never offered a package quite this this comprehensive um. But a lot of it is because. I'm excited about the unleashing of magic within training. But.

I'm also a little nervous about it because this stuff's powerful and um you got to be careful who you teach some of these things too if you know what. I mean. So uh. So.

I reserve the right. To never teach that class again. So if you're interested in in seeing behind the curtain um this is going to be a good one. But you still qualify for the healing intent.

I which is a great one to really just get your stuff resolved once and for all right. People really seem to like it by just as a show of hands those of you who've uh who've been to one of our healing intensive type type uh type your experience or or what you thought about it in the chat. I know lahti was there and a couple you guys all right. So we're moving into phase three of the webinar and this is all about you.

So. I want you guys to now type in the chat what is it that you want to focus on my original intention was to show you some clearing exercises and some programming drills. But one of the things that. I've always found it really important to do is to really find out what it is you want to know about this is one of the reasons why a lot of times um our.

I can teach the same thing over and over and over again and it's different every time because every audience has its own vibration we talked a lot about vibration and all of you are here for a reason there are no. Accidents when it comes to this type of work right. And one of the things you'll learn as you spend more and more time in. Planet.

David and and coming to the events and stuff like that is you'll be sitting. Next to people who are have a very similar set of experiences to you that you have overlap with over and over again and. Then and it'll go. Way.

Beyond what you consciously believe to be just coincidence right. So let's see what we got here. Chim say refraining cold approaching okay. This is shim this is a this is a law of attraction.

Workshop. So uh reframing and cold approaching probably not the best refraining would work. But uh. So.

Tyler is saying my subconscious. Tyler that doesn't really tell me anything what do you want to know about type in the chat now's your chance okay. To be honest right. Now.

I'm feeling overall stuck okay. Wealth all right. Let's start with a clearing drill. Denise says you live far away um okay.

I'm not. I don't understand how that's a barrier. But um okay. So let's do this.

So uh can you guys read my signs back here yes. Or yes. Can you read it type in the chat this is the interactive portion of the webinar okay. So you see here if you change your mind you change your life right.

See what it says here if you let me see if you can point to where you feel it you can change it that's what it says you can point to where you feel it you can change it. So we're going to go back to uh uh was it pro. I want to pronounce his name right. BR jal's question.

I feel stuck. So the. First thing we're gonna do. I want youall to take pick something on a scale of um.

I'll let you pick whatever you want this time. I'm feeling. I'm feeling uh. Denise says.

I that. I understand if you can feel it you can heal it right. Um. So once you think of something you want to change physical fental emotional normally.

I tell people on a scale of uh pick something on a scale of one to 10 anywhere between a one and a three 10 being. Godzilla one being you know the proverbial fart in the breeze somewhere between a one and three. I know half of you are not going to do that like this is not my. First rodeo.

But. I want to give you guys a little bit of a clearing exercise and. So we're going to start with something very very simple this is something that to me. Seth says because you know they will.

Anyway that's true. So we're going to start with something. I taught in the how to reprogram the subconscious mind. Workshop couple.

Last week. So want you to think of that thing you want to change right. It's a feeling you have a feeling you want to change feeling that has everything to do with why you're here there. I want you to take a minute close your eyes.

And point to where you feel it as you point to where you feel it. I want you to notice that there's a color or maybe a series of colors connected to those feelings what color or colors might that be for you. First impression. I want you to take your inner vision and.

I want you to look. At that color and. I want you to take your hands reach in and grab all that color take it out and hold it in your hands in front of make sure you get it all because sometimes that stuff hides some people reach in grab it all one big handful some people like pulling. Taffy.

However you do it just keep pulling until you got it all and. Then just follow along okay. So reach in grab that color take it out hold it in your hands in front of you now look. At it with your inner vision and notice did the color change or stay the same.

First impression excellent now notice it's moving it's spinning in a certain direction what direction is it spinning. First impression. So now grab it with both of your hands and now as you hold this color. I want you to make it the opposite of what it was turn it.

So now it's now spinning in the opposite direction of where it was going now spin it like a wheel and double the spin double the speed double the force double the magnitude keep doubling it over and over and over again until it takes on a life of its own until it's impossible for it to go back the way it was when you know you've got that it's impossible for it to go back the way it was slam it back into the spot you took. It out of notice the change notice it's gone notice is this new program works its way deeper and deeper and deeper into your body any program any belief any memory any experience that's not in harmony with this new set of instructions your neurology is going to begin to shed it's going to begin to purge like a snake shedding its skin like old software being uninstalled by newer better more powerful software there's no. Need to measure it manage it or make it happen faster just notice that process taking place allow it to install itself completely when you know it's done test it try to bring the old feeling back try to turn the new feeling off and notice what happens instead many times this new program works its way deeper and deeper and deeper into our body our bodies go through all kinds of interesting changes and. Transformations some people break out in a sweat some people laugh some people yawn some people cry some people twitch some people just feel waves of emotion coming up.

However your body does it it's just your neurology resetting itself it's just the emotional detox there's no. Need to measure it manage it or make it happen faster just notice the process taking place allow it to run its course completely and when you know it's done and you know know it's really done test it try to bring the old feeling back try to turn the new feeling off notice what happens instead when you're satisfied stop testing type done in the chat and what you experienced. But only when you're done and he says done done what just happened. Lissa says done good.

Lacy just gave me a d doesn't done release lady says she released a block. Kenne says done scale of 0 to 10 rate the remaining feelings if any tell me what you notice super. Bonnie call says super done super relaxation very good okay. There's a whole spiritual science behind what we just did you can call it.

NLP if you want spiritual issues some improvement more more yes. Feeling good good good good now what we did there is technically in if your if your entry level to. Planet. David uh is called.

Energy spinning or the technical term we use in. Planet. David is called psychosomatic neuromodulation there's a whole spiritual science behind sound and color that she'll be introduced to and un she magic. But this is probably one of the techniques that really uh made.

Planet. David famous um and it's one that is came became like the. Rosetta. Stone for a lot of the the vibrational and holonomic applications that that we've we've come out with over time.

So one of the things that we need to understand is that everything human beings do is in response to a feeling it's either a feeling we want more of or a feeling we want a whole lot less of. But every feeling that we have is just data it's just vibration it's just information imprinted on a vibrational. Matrix that plays a certain way it's kind of like when you when you download the mp3s or the. MP4s you know from your package right.

That's just that's just a. VI an electromagnetic field imprinted with data that that when you run it through a player that can decode that information gives you a certain experience. But you can go in if you have the right. Software and the right.

Hardware you can go in and rewrite that program you can rewrite that data you can turn a color program into a black and white program you can turn a a tragedy into a um a comedy literally just by how you change certain elements in the coding system that's how spinning works right. Again you'll learn more about the the. Dynamics of that in your when you get uh when you get your secrets of human influence package not human influence uh secrets of. Personality transformation package and you start working through the identity by.

Design. Silo you'll start to understand all the building blocks of that neurological vibrational coding system that creates all of your experience and this is something that we're working with in various ways when we're using the. Law of. Attraction.

So in this one your your body encoded something in a certain way you took. It out you examined it you decided what you wanted instead and you found the code that made it what you want and. Then you reinstalled it and your body ran the ran the movie right. You can do that in any direction for anything there's a whole science there okay.

Um any questions about that particular technique. F you said that this this funny you said that this had a bad okay. Can you can you rewrite the question question uh. Melissa because.

I'm not sure where that's going uh. Gigi says does this apply to stopping habits you check where the yes. When you're doing habits. So the thing about habit is that it's a habit um and.

So let me explain that a little bit you have two issues when you're when you're reprogramming habits all habits start out as a behavior of some kind that has a specific spefic intention behind it and what do. I mean by that well let's say let's let's take someone who uh is an emotional eater for example emotional eating has two aspects to it there is the purpose it's designed to fulfill and the behavior itself. So when. I'm young and.

I'm feeling insecure and. I. I. I'm not getting the love that.

I want and. I and. I get some level of pleasure from eating food. So anytime.

I feel bad. I eat food. I feel better the the payoff comes from. I eat food.

I feel better that's the emotional payoff behind the behavior. But what happens over time every time. I run that program. I feel bad.

I eat. I feel better the the parts of my brain that wire those two things together grows bigger and stronger and. Then. So what happens is not only does emotional emotional eating come from an emotional trigger there's also a habit that anytime.

I'm in a situation that is similar to the things that made me feel uh insecure or bad. I'll start to eat. So if. I go in as a therapist and.

I dissolve the insecurity. I dissolve the link between feeling bad and eating okay. I fixed that. But there's there still this highly developed neurological pathway that may not be they that may no.

Longer be triggered by feeling bad and overeating. But there may be environmental factors that are what we got. NLP we call them anchors that could re-trigger that habit it's easy for me to do that habit even though. I don't need to anymore because.

I've developed the the the brain muscle the neurological circuit in my brain that makes that easy for me to do. So. I have to wire in an alternative. I have to wire in a choice.

So yes. You can go in and you can dissolve the emotional reason behind the behavior and in many cases the behavior will stop done. But a lot of times what can happen is you go in and you you dissolve and release this the psycho emotional reason behind the behavior. But the.

Habit is still wired in and. So if they don't have anything else to choose they'll still do that. So if you're going to go in and do habit control you have to resolve the emotional reasons and the positive intentions behind the behavior. But you also have to wire in an alternative.

Behavior some people might call that substitution like we instead of eating you know instead of eating chocolate. I eat celery. I'm still eating. But now.

I'm eating healthy that's substitution or it could be instead of eating. I take a walk right. But you where you had a one lane highway now you have a fork in the road right. So there's two different aspects to be to.

Habit that we have to look. At sometimes you can kill both birds with one stone. But sometimes you've got to go back and look. At okay.

We've dissolved the emot reason the reason behind the behavior. But have we have we resolved the habit and the triggers what have we done to wire in choice and. So usually when you have um an emotionally driven. Behavior you haven't wired in choice or or the desire for a choice it's it's a little bit more complicated.

But hope you guys get what. I'm talking about um yes. The bottom line is yes. You can do this to stopping habit.

So uh. I kind of went off on a little bit of a tangent there uh. Melissa saying funny you said this had a bad dream had a bad dream as a child black circle horrible okay. Was saying.

I had a bad dream as teer want to change that okay. Well that's easy is it okay. To get now here's the other thing that we want we're going to talk about this in a minute sometimes our nervous system has a very good reason for holding on to a behavior um and if we can't convince the nervous system that we've learned or that we've satisfied the reason it won't let it go. So if you if you go to my my uh my my channel and you look.

Up. U. Magic. Frame.

Magic. Frame is specifically designed for people who have a reason that things keep going and coming back. GG saying wow. So you can do.

General negativity and specific negativity and you can usually break it yeah a lot of times you can right. Um if there's multiple occurrences like if they've had it for a while you may have to do a little bit deeper uh we call uncovering techniques or hypnoanalysis to get to the root um. But no. A lot of times the transformational.

Triad is like your. First aid kit for psychoemotional and physical issues there's not much it won't put a dent in if not completely get rid of it's it's really freaking amazing sometimes um. So you guys wanna you guys want to do some more stuff yes. Or yes.

Would spinning work with pain as well oh yeah spinning was actually originated. I actually spinning originally came about from dealing with physical and physical pain and. Then we transitioned into emotional pain worked just as well. So yeah like.

I said anything that any physical or emotional pain spinning will work on it'll work on now the one thing is is you have to make sure that there's you don't have a reason for keeping that's why we always when we teach the transformational. Triad we always start with the magic frame and. Then we go to energy spinning and. Then we go to color.

Okay. So we've we've done spinning now for getting rid of something can we do spinning. Then he says do we get a manual to read do you get a manual to read with what the the package do you get tons of manuals not to mention the videos and stuff. But is that what you're asking about yeah yeah you'll get manuals you get tons of mans right.

In fact we have a very in fact the manuals you get will have a very specific way that you're supposed to learn from them uh. So pay attention at the beginning of um secrets of. Personality transformation um and the hidden. Laws of.

Attraction because one of the things that we make you do or we want you to do um with your manuals is we want you to draw the techniques because it makes the learning faster we have a very specific way we want you to to study the manuals. So um great question um sorry my nose keeps itching. I think it's the my allergies are acting up um all right. Let's do this.

I want you guys to think of something that you want more of. So a feeling you want more of usually we do pleasure um because nobody resists pleasure. So everybody think about something that makes them feel really really good not that one. I'm teasing no.

Um point to where you feel it close your eyes. Look. At it notice there's a color connected to that feeling what's the color don't don't type this in the chat just close your eyes. Look.

At it notice there's a color connected to that feeling what's the color. First impression reach in grab that color make sure you get it all because you don't want to miss a single drop of this amazing goodness make sure you get it all as you look. At it notice did the color change or stay the same. First impression and now notice it's moving it's spinning in a certain direction notice for yourself what direction is it spinning and now what.

I want you to do is you notice the direction it's spinning. I want you to take it in both of your hands and. I want you to play with the direction it's spinning until you find the direction that gives you the exact feeling that you want to have as the exact intensity level that you want to have it when you find that new. Direction.

I want you to spin it like a wheel in that in that new. Direction and double the spin double the speed double the force double the magnitude keep doubling it over and over and over again until it takes on a life of its own until it's impossible for it to go back the way it was when you know you've got it slam it back into the spot you took. It out of notice the change notice it's strong notice is this new program works its way deeper and deeper and deeper into your neurology any program any belief any memory any experience that's not in harmony with this new set of instructions your neurolog is going to begin to shed it's going to begin to purge like a snake shedding its skin like old software being uninstalled by newer better more powerful software there's no. Need to measure it manage it or make it happen faster just notice the process taking place allow it to install itself complet completely and when you know it's done test it try to bring the old feeling back try to turn the new feeling off notice what happens instead notice how that program notice how that feeling just gets stronger and stronger and stronger and when you're satisfied stop testing open your eyes.

Notice how good you feel when you're done type done in chat all right. What happened tell me what happened done it's. So intense it feels wonderful excellent. Tyler well done this is a this is a great thing to do at parties makes you very popular he says vertigo.

Then release is that a good thing. Ed is that a good thing excellent there's a whole there's a whole system behind this um. I don't when. I.

First started doing this just funny funny fact fun factoid when. I. First started doing this clinically. I almost went out of business um and.

I'll explain that in a minute and the reason why is because when when. I work with clients. I get paid by the hour and. I was fixing things.

So fast um. I wasn't making any [Music] money. So. But the universe is self-correcting that way says instead of getting people with one problem it started getting people with 13 14 or 15 problems and more complex cases and things like that and uh.

But this thing still it still put it it made the session. So much easier uh for people right. And you can use this for. I.

I gave this to the world for free because people needed to tap into the magic inside of it you needed to tap into the magic inside of you this is the worst you'll ever be at this right. Melissa says bright. Energy very good okay. Uh.

I'll give you a little secret sound is used to create space color is used to fill that space it's in the. Bible right. Won't tell you where. But it's there it's in the.

Quran. But. I won't tell you where it's in the. Torah.

But. I won't tell you where okay. It's in the da systems it's in the. Buddha systems.

But. I won't tell you where extra joy and enthusiasm very good now here's the thing if you can conceive of anything n name it and point to where you feel it you can change it it's it's really that that simple right. Remember those icky feelings we talked about earlier the ones that were ah. Shan's thinking yes.

Right. Um. So you remember those icky things we were working on before. Denise is saying what do you mean name it it's very simple when you conceive of something you have to give it a name don't you yes.

Or no. Okay. It's very simple well okay. I'm not going to name something and.

I want you to point to where you feel it can you do it do you know what it was. I was asking you to point at okay. What what what what what feeling was. I asking you to play the heart okay.

Interesting why do. I feel every feeling in the solar plexus because that's the. Buckle of the fear belt that's where actually um we call this the yellow cord all of your emotions come in here from the other organs to try to enter the heart right. So if.

I say feel. X you don't know what. I'm saying. But if.

I say feel pleasure where in your body do you feel that you can point to that if. I say feel. Joy or feel um anxiety or tension you can point to different places. But you don't know what feelings to access consciously until we give it a name right.

So the way your nervous system works once you have a name for it you can do anything you want with it now in trauma work this is a this is a an important thing how many people here have ever read the uh the book. Um the body keep keeps the score by basil. Vander okay. In that book.

He talks about a phenomenon known as. Alexia. Alexia is the inability to put a name to a feeling and one of the things that is on that very interesting about the human nervous system is that if we can't assign a name to it we can't process it. But we get around that that liability by transforming the feeling we can't name into something much more.

Primal or primary we turn it into a color once we turn a feeling into a color even if you don't have a name for the feeling you have a name for the color or colors and now the brain can process it no. Problem. So we just give it some we we take that information transcoded into something else and let another part of the brain process it for us right. This is how we can transmute vibrations in the body very very easily the vibrational frequency that you send out to the world is equivalent to the feelings in your body at any given moment the sum total of the feelings in your body at every given moment now we've just showed you in the prev in part one of the webinar that there there are feelings you know about and there's feelings you don't there's beliefs you know about and there's beliefs you don't right.

Most of the work is about finding the things that are operating below the threshold of conscious awareness changing them. So that they're in alignment with the things we want spinning is one of the fastest ways to do that because part of the code that your nervous system uses to designate a good feeling from a not. So good feeling is. Direction and color we have those two things we can start to modify the code and turn a pain into a pleasure turn a fear into a into a a desire it can be that simple sometimes it's a little bit more complicated than that.

But at a basic level that's where we start right. I've seen people turn math phobias into math talents and. I didn't do it. I they just learned a technique from me right.

And they did it for their own kid okay. So are we clear about the whole name not name thing right. Again when you come to unleashing the magic or you work with with um if you use your secrets of. Personality transformation program or hidden.

Laws of. Attraction training um these. Concepts will keep coming you you'll be introduced to these. Concepts more and more and more.

But for those of you who are are students of ancient practices mysticism metaphysics one of the most powerful things that you could have you could possess was something's true name because if you had its true name you could control it you could command it right. So this this idea of names being having tremendous power isn't necessarily just a a metaphysical thing it's a neurological one right. Shimon's asking. I'm curious why do pets jump on people who do spinning can they feel that yes.

Animals are extremely energy sensitive and like when we do uh meditations and stuff. I have to tell all my my. Zoomers and people to to take their animals and put them outside and close the door because the animals will jump in their lap they'll jump on the keyboard the moment especially cats by the way moment they feel the they feel that energy boom they're all over it okay. Yeah yeah um again there's.

So many different ways to talk about this topic. But that being said um. I'm going to go on to one more exercise and this is going to be a combination exercise um it's guided meditation. Then me says what happens if people see a black color for a negative emotion well what's wrong with that.

H you're gonna have to give me more information. Denisha. I'm sorry again if you give me a fragment of a question. I can't give you a full answer right.

The color that comes out really doesn't matter except to you okay. But if you can take if if it comes out black okay. What color would make it better what color would turn it into what you want. Oh add green now all of a sudden it's it's yellow right.

That's color breathing that's a different palette right. We can use a vibration to change a vibration there's a whole like. I said there's a whole system within a system here guys. I can't give you all the nuances that's why we we put the package out there.

But. I can give you some basic stuff that you can just start using to change right. Now. So spinning is going to be the one that gives you the biggest bang for your buck because there's nothing.

I haven't seen that it can't put a dent in. I've seen it shrink tumors. I've seen it change math phobias into math skills. I.

I've it's um. I've seen it shrink lipomas well. I haven't seen it. I've actually heard from from my clients because they learned the technique on.

YouTube and. Then use it on woke up the. Next day their stuff was gone it can be uh if your body's been holding on to a lot of stuff you need to drink a lot more water um is it okay. To visualize yourself fulfilling your goal desire.

Etc or is it better to not do that and keep that neuros system hungry um there's different schools of thought on that some people believe that if you're going to program something in your timeline um you should see yourself having it and. Then step out of it. So you're looking at yourself like from a in a picture and leave it there uh some. But other people believe that you should act as if you already have it.

So it'll manifest right. So there's different schools of thought you have to test which one works best for you right. This this the principles govern. But a lot of times the way they process and the way they interact with your nervous system they can change.

So you have to test like for me. I have to let things go like when. I create an intention. I create my thought bubble.

I create my thought form uh. I. I do my cycling and. Then.

I just forget about it and go away and. I don't worry about whether. I see it as already happening or staying hungry. I don't worry about that.

I just put the order out to the universe set it and forget it and within of a short time it will manifest other people they have to be think they want to think about it all the time. I've never seen that work for anybody okay. Because it's like it's like placing an it's like calling a waiter or waitress to your table your server placing an order and. Then as they go to deliver the order to the kitchen you grab a hold of their wrist and order more and order the same thing when they go to place the order you you p hold the wrist and order the same thing and wonder why your order never comes right.

So that's kind of how. I look. At when you're when you're manifesting things everything you want is already here. But there's this this incalculable number of layers and filters between the reality that you're manifesting and you it's called time as you as you start to evolve and you remove those filters to your.

Consciousness the space between cause and effect starts to shorten and this is again remember at the beginning of the webinar. I talked a lot about. Consciousness that the law of attraction is really about the seven hermetic principles and how that interacts with. Consciousness the more conscious you become the more crap you clear the greater the speed between cause and effect.

But the more stuff you have the more filter in place the more emotion and. Trauma and and negative belief systems all this dims your light and it creates more distance between cause and effect does that make sense okay. All right. So here's what we're going to do.

Next you're welcome um we're going to do a guided meditation and. So in this meditation one more please. Jeff is that one more question or or one more repeat affirmations okay. I got.

I think. I got open looped set them yeah. I would set them and forget them right. Um one of the things that we're going to be talking about at a basic level uh at unleash the magic is something called thought form creation and management um because when you're doing psychic self-defense and um even psychic attack you need to understand the.

Dynamics of thought forms. So that you can uh use them effectively and not create more problems by doing it ineffectively and safely uh. But for most most manifestation applications uh set and forget it has kind of been the best approach now let me let me clarify that because. I'm we're.

GNA go through the offer real quick and. Then we're going to go into our. Next meditation set it and forget it does not mean set you know create the intention send it out to the universe and do nothing that's not what that means set it and forget it means you you create the intention the thought form the the holographic memory container you release it to the universe and you let that go and you go do the things you would normally do if you had to do all the physical work right. As if you'd never done this you go and you do the work as if it's all it's all based on your efforts now why is that because when you set something into the non-local universe it's it's in it's in a potential.

State and the manifestation of it is separated in time for everything you put into the physical into the quantum there has to be a vessel to receive it. So if you're putting something into into manifestation that you don't qualify for like in order like say for example you're a high school graduate okay. And you put out to the. Universe.

I. Want to be a medical doctor like licensed medical doctor right. Good luck with that okay. Why because there's a lot of distance between what you want and who you need to be to manifest that you need to be the vessel that can receive that.

So if you're going to manifest something my my teacher um in my illumin when. I was doing myum medicine training um. Taylor. Sinclair would talk about how her mother would say you can be or do or have anything in this life that you want.

But. First you have to become the person for whom that thing can happen and what she was meaning what she meant by that was you have to become the vessel that can receive that that energy and hold it right. And part of that means getting the skill sets doing the work. So that when you manifest it it happens right.

Um now when you set that particular using that example when you set that particular thought form in motion all kinds of things are going to happen right. That are going to come up as choices you have to make and you you and you have to keep your eye on what you want and keep moving forward in that and becoming and doing those steps and. Then manifestation and and work come together and you become the vessel that receives that and it manifests okay. The more work on yourself that you do the faster that happens okay.

A lot of people turn to the. Law of. Attraction as an easy way to get something. I'm.

GNA tell you right. Up front there's no. Free lunch there's no. Free lunch if you want the power you've got to pay the dues okay.

Now a lot of people don't want to hear that. But it's true don't as my teacher would say don't shoot the messenger you want you want something lofty become the person who deserves to have it which means by definition you have to do something different than what you've been doing okay. Now uh let's go ahead and just remind you about the offer. Then we're going to come back we're going to do another guided meditation this is actually more of a meditation than um than the the previous spinning exercise was.

But. I think this one will will help you guys a lot. So uh real quick for those of you who are on the fence like. I said.

I'm only taking five to 10 for the fast action bonuses you're going to get the hidden. Laws of. Attraction home study course uh it's $1,997 value it's going to come with the vibrational influence. United.

Kingdom special edition training it's $2,497 value we're going to give that to you free you're going to get the vibrational healing home study course 249 $7 value we're going to give that to you free you're going to get the secrets of. Personality transformation home study course $2,497 value we're going to give that to you free we're going to include the special edition soulmate. Secrets. Master.

Class $1,997 value we're going to give that to you free you're going to get. ATT traction. Mastery 4-day intensive for men and women attra uh it's $2,497 value we're going to give that to you free you're going to get the. NLP power masterin mind mentoring.

Practice. Group trial program. So 1,00 597 value we're going to give that to you free you're going to get if you're one of the. Next five to 10 who click that link right.

Now you're. G to get a free. VIP ticket to our unleashing the magic within three-day intensive it's $1,997 value we're going to give that to you free and. Then uh for those of you who don't qualify for the unleashing the magic uh you'll also get the virtual healing intensive $2,350 value we're going to give that to you free total package value is9 $1,926 and you can get all of that today for one low installment of just $9.97 or if you need a little extra time you can break that up into three easy installments of just 3.97 each uh all you got to do is go to to get yours is go to www.lpower.com hloa that's www.lpower.com slhl a that being said.

I want you all to um sit with your feet flat on the floor put your hands comfortably in your lap take a moment and look. At your your affirmations that you've created look. At the things that you've written [Music] down that you say you want and just get a good mental representation of those the kind of representation that allows you to really feel like you have it like it's coming like it's true for you okay. If you're driving please do not listen to this recording all right.

Uh if you want to participate in this meditation. Then. I suggest that you find a a safe place to park the vehicle put it in park put the parking brake on um turn off the ignition um and make sure you won't be disturbed if you have pets please please please put the pets in another room and close the door. So that you will not be disturbed during this process okay.

When you've done all that and you're ready. I want you to go ahead and type done or ready in the chat and we'll continue done good. Lacy good good good good good okay. Excellente.

I want you to close your eyes. For me take a deep breath in and let that breath out with a sigh deeper and deeper. With. Every.

Breath. You. Take and every beat of your heart just relax let go listen to the sound of my voice any sounds that you hear other than the sounds of my voice are simply the sounds of our natural environment they're not going to disturb you they're not going to distract you in any way in fact all they're going to do is signal you remind you reinforce inside your mind body and soul the fact that you're completely safe that no. Matter how far inside you travel no.

Matter how deep inside you go you will always always always be able to hear my words follow my instructions and obey my commands because you realize that everything. I say and everything. I do is for you to give you the life and the lifestyle that you want the way that you want it by your standards and your definitions now in a moment now yet. But in just a moment.

I'm going to ask you to focus all of your attention on the lids of your eyes. I'm going to ask you to begin to relax those tiny muscles in your eyelids. I want you to relax them more and more and more until they're. So relaxed that they just don't want to work anymore till they're.

So relaxed in fact you couldn't actually open them without putting more tension back into them when you know they're completely relaxed. So relaxed they just don't want to work all. I want you to do is give them a quick test just to be sure and when you're done when you're satisfied stop testing allow that level of relaxation to flow from the top of your head all the way down down to the tips of your toes deeper and deeper. With.

Every. Breath. You. Take and every beat of your heart just relax let go follow my instructions now in a moment not yet.

But in just a moment. I'm going to ask you to relax your mind just as deeply as we've been relaxing your body we're going to do that in a very special way in a moment not yet. But in just a moment. I'm.

G to ask you to begin to imagine the alphabet backwards starting with the. Last letter and moving forward to the. First letter with each letter starting with the. Last and moving forward.

I want you to make those letters smaller and darker harder to see turn the volume all the way down down down deeper deeper down down down obviously. I can't do this for you only you can allow this to happen and when you know they're gone and you're as deeply relaxed in your mind as you are in your body all. I want you to do is allow your head to nod and honest unconscious movements to let me know and we'll continue with the. Next part our process drifting dreaming floating smaller and darker harder to see turning the volume all the way down down down deeper deeper down down down just like now obviously can't do this for you in a moment not yet.

But in just a moment. I'm. G to ask you to use that amazing imagination of yours that. I know that you have.

I'm wondering if you could imagine something for me whenever. I talk to my students my patients. I'm always fascinated how they use their imagination. So.

I'm wondering if you might be able to imagine a place for me a magical place a place that is. So wonderful and amazing magical even a place that is. So nurturing. So positive peaceful joyful forgiving accepting protective a place that was.

So absolutely safe that no. Negativity of any kind could exist there for even a fraction of a. Second without being immediately vaporized or turned into its opposite. I'm curious.

I'm wondering if you can imagine what a place like that might be like. I always wonder what might you see when you're in that place what might you hear what might you smell what might you taste because when you do that when you're in that place and you see what you see and you hear what you hear and you smell and you taste what you smell and you taste there's an amazing wonderful feeling that you get a feeling that lets you know you're truly safe. I'd like you to notice that there's a place in your body where those amazing feelings start where they grow where they spread from take a moment notice where you feel it and point to it and as you do that notice that there's a color maybe even a series of colors connected to those amazing feelings what color of colors might that be for you. First impression you don't need to type it just know it and whatever those colors are imagine a brilliant ball of that energy floating above your head notice how the feelings in your body shift and changes with.

Every. Breath. You. Take and every beat of your heart that amazing ball of energy begins to grow begins to expand begins to fill the entire room from floor to ceiling from wall to wall and all points in between notice how it wraps itself around you like an amazing blanket safety transformation a cocoon a shield a suit of armor insulating you protecting you from all negativity all threats all downers all bummers real or imagined well at the same time flooding your mind flooding your body flooding your spirit with everything it most wants and everything it most needs in an infinite ever expanding and.

Unlimited. Supply when you know you've got that breathe those amazing colors through your en entire being let it fill you up like water fills up a bottle like fluid fills up a test tube like hot air or helium fills up a balloon anchor it in. So fully. So completely no.

Force in the universe can turn it off or take it away not even you and when you realize it's true test it try to turn it on try to take it away and notice what happens instead and when you're satisfied stop testing and allow that energy to just flow through you now in a moment not yet. But in just a moment. I'm going to ask you to begin to scan your body one more time and this time. I'd like you to become aware of any place in your body where you're holding on to any form of dens or tightness or tension you see as we travel through this experience this video game this simulation we call life we encounter situations and circumstances and events that we aren't ready for that overwhelm us that violate our physical mental emotional spiritual boundaries in some way and what's fascinating what's amazing is that the.

Universe in its infinite wisdom built into each and every one of us a very special survival system. A system that would activate in times of trouble in times of overwhelm in times of need when we wouldn't we didn't know what to do or we didn't know how to respond that would allow us to survive and the closest metaphor that. I find that works really well for this particular mechanism if you ever watch the old. Ghostbusters moving anytime a ghost would rear its ugly head they'd call out the.

Ghostbusters they pull out their proton packs they'd capture that ghost they'd slide a big old trap underneath it and that trap would just suck that energy and that ghost into that little trap it's kind of like your antivirus software on your computer when it finds a file doesn't belong there that it can't get rid of and it quarantines that file keeping it in storage where it won't affect anything until such a time as. Guided by the right. Expertise equipped with the right. Technology you could go back inside after the.

Next update and delete those files many times when this system goes into operation in our lives it stores those files in the hard drive we call the body and when the body stores those places those files they often take the forms of density of tightness of tension held safely in storage until guided with the right. Expertise equipped with the right. Technology you can go back inside upgrade the software delete the files and upgrade your system. So what in a moment not yet.

But in just a moment as you're scanning your body and you become aware of those places of density and tightness and tension. I want you to take your all powerful safe energy. I. Want.

You to. Breathe it through those dense areas let it flow over and around and through those areas like hot water flowing over an ice cube notice how those areas begin to melt and dissolve away solv dissolved and resolve from the body solv dissolved and resolved from the mind for all the right. Reasons that's right. Into the spaces between the spaces feel those areas begin to melt and dissolve away flowing out of your mind flowing out of your body flowing out of your spirit and flowing into its place into those spaces and the spaces between the spaces and the spaces between the spaces between the spaces flows everything you most need want and desire instead energizing you harmonizing you repurposing and rebalancing and re loading the system in all the ways that are important to you now many times when this new energy begins to move through our system we encounter all kinds of interesting phenomena some people break out in a sweat some people laugh some people yawn some people cry some people twitch some people just feel waves of emotion coming up.

However your body does it it's just your neurology resetting itself it's just your neuro emotional detox there's no. Need to measure it or manage it make it happen faster just notice that process taking place allow it if you will to install itself completely when you know you've got that test try to bring the old feelings back try to turn the new feelings off notice what happens instead when you're done stop testing and allow yourself to completely let go to dissolve into that amazing energy now many times my students report that as they dissolve into this current of divine safe energy as they float up out of that physical body they can feel the shackles and the bonds and the boundaries and the blocks that have been keeping them stuck that have been keeping them from moving forward in life from manifesting and achieving all the things they want they feel them all beginning to dissolve to melt to block to to fall away you ever heard the sound of a a lock unlocking and manacles and chains falling onto the ground my students often report a feeling of just. Freedom they feel their. Spirit begin to grow and expand to move beyond the confines of the physical body and up into that infinite cloud of safe energy as they continue to float higher higher higher still they can look.

Down and they can actually see themselves in the chair they continue to float higher and they can see them they can see the building or the vehicle that they're in before too long they can even see the city and the country and. Then the whole world and all of a sudden they suddenly realize that they're not in. Kansas anymore that they're somewhere different as they look. Around it's like being in outer space except not outer space it's more like.

Inner. Space it's see stars and points of light. But unlike the vast reaches of outer space this place isn't empty it isn't cold it's warm and it's safe and it's inviting kind of like being in the womb in fact in. Planet.

David we call this place the womb of. Eternity and it's the realm. Beyond time and space a place where anything you can conceive of and name anything you can imagine anything you can pretend and act out with your physical body must must must become real and true and made manifest in the physical world that we understand because you see we all understand and we all know that it's the inner world that that in forms and creates and shapes and molds the the external one and in this place you have complete and total permission to make any change that you want for any reason that you want in the blink of an eye you can fly back on the wings of time to any scene situation or event that you desire to experience or witness the blink of another eye or whim you can fly forward in time into future lives and future incarnations to explore new versions of yourself you can fly lateral through time and space experiencing parallel lives and parallel. Dimensions it's all available to you here and today while we're in this place we're going to do something very special as you look.

Down at your body even though you're far far up you can still see yourself clearly from above and if you look. Closely you'll notice what looks like a glowing line of time extending off in one direction for as far as the eye can see and the other end of that line extending in the opposite direction for as far as the eye can see and there's a part of you that instinctively knows and understands that. One. Direction represents your future the events that have yet to happen that have yet to manifest and the other direction well that represents the past the things you've experienced the things you think you remember the events you've recorded now in a moment not yet.

But in just a moment there was a specific thing that. I asked you to focus on that you wanted to manifest as a byproduct from tonight's training. I want you to create a mental movie now. I call this.

Steven. Spielberg moment and. I want you to make a movie of you having it of you becoming the person and taking all the steps necessary to enjoy that experience and. I want you to make that movie in your mind and.

I want you to make it real. I want you to make it big as a drive-in movie theater screen. Crystal. Clear like an.

IMAX. Turn. Up. The.

Sounds the smells the tastes the feelings best life ever and when that movie is perfect in every way. I want you to watch it over and over and over again not once not twice. But hundreds and thousands of times at the speed of thought with each repetition. I want you to make it 10 times stronger a hundred times more powerful a thousand times more thrilling fulfilling and satisfying than ever before for until it overwrites and replaces every experience you've ever had before and.

Then it just keeps getting better and better and better still and when you know you've got that. I'd like you to notice that there's a place in your body where those amazing feelings start where they grow where they spread from take a moment and going to where you feel it and notice there's a color maybe even a series of colors connected to those amazing feelings become aware of what color or colors that may be for you and when you do that. I. Want.

You to. Breathe those colors through that entire body mind. Soul and. Spirit we call ourselves let it fill you up like water fills up a bottle like fluid fills up a test tube like hot air or helium fill.

PS up a balloon anchor it in. So fully. So completely no. Force in the universe can turn it off or take it away not even you when you realize it's true test try to turn it off try to take it away notice what happens instead when you're satisfied stop testing look.

At the movie you've created and with a wave of your all powerful magical hand. I want you to make a duplicate of that movie. I want you to take that movie in your hands and. I want you to float into your future until you find the exact point in that timeline where you want this thing to manifest and like you would plug a.

USB drive into a. USB slot or a slide into a slide deck. I want you to go ahead and plug that memory of the future into your future timeline as you do that as you feel that energy click into place notice how your entire timeline begins to. Ripple backwards changing permeating transmuting restructuring itself to move you in the direction of this new reality that you've created feel it.

Ripple back through that line of time all the way back to your physical body notice how the feelings in your body shift and change as that ripple from the future transforms your present and. Then follow that energy back to your physical body bringing that other picture with you and when you know you've got that take that picture that was the original hold it in your hands and hold it in your hands as you bring it down into your body with you feeling the new changes activate as you become more fully embodied when you've got that take that picture that you're holding in both of your hands and expand it to fill the infinite. Universe lift it up over your head pass it through your entire being head to toe. Mind.

Body. Soul and. Spirit and notice what happens to any part of your body that was vibrating out of harmony with this new reality and just keep passing it through until every part of you is vibrating in perfect synchrony perfect harmony with this new reality that you've created when you know you've done that it's locked in test it try to go back to the old version of yourself and notice what happens instead as a byproduct of this training you're going to become super powerful super successful super happy you're going to uncover and unleash the magic within you that allows you to manifest anything you want no. Matter what you want you'll begin to understand how your system works with the quantum.

Universe in a way that allows you to fully get everything you want the way that you want it by your standards and your definitions as you feel and become aware of all these changes taking place realize that in the coming days and weeks and months these changes are going to amplify they're going to accelerate every morning you'll see the world through new eyes. Hear the world through. New. Years smell and taste and feel the world through a mind body and soul alive these ever increasing ever accelerating.

Transformations each day when you look. In the mirror you'll love the person staring back at you and you'll understand at the deepest soul level of your being that that person in the mirror loves you even more for all the right. Reasons your reasons in a moment not yet. But in just a moment.

I'm going to count from one to five when. I reach the number five you can emerge from this process bringing all of these. Transformations modifications upgrades. Revelations.

Transformations. With. You. Like a.

Phoenix. Rising. From the. Ashes like a butterfly emerging from a cocoon one phase of your transformation complete the.

Next phase the best phase just beginning number one feel yourself returning to this place we call reality bringing with you the keys to creating a new one number two all of my suggestions from me to you from you to your own other than conscious mind are now 10 times more powerful 100 times more permanent a thousand times more thrilling fulfilling and satisfying than ever before embraced held locked into that part of your mind body and soul that most wants desires can implement facil facilitate and express these changes in all the ways that give you the life that you want the way that you want it by your standards and your definitions number three because there's always at least three ways to overcome any situation obstacle or circumstance that you may face there's always at least three solutions to any problem you need to solve and your all powerful other than conscious mind will now easily effortlessly and automatically generate those. Solutions and. Implement them in the quickest easiest most effective way for the good of yourself and all concerned number four because it's all for you you're making the investment you're following the instructions you're obeying the commands you're unleashing the magic within you're doing the drills you're testing the skills you've earned the rewards and the right. To keep them it's your reality it's your truth it's your life and you get to live it to the fullest starting now on the.

Next count you can emerge from this process head clear mind clear heart clear. Soul clear thinking feeling acting with self assurance magnetized to the. Future you've created ready to do whatever it takes to make it manifest for you and exactly the way you want how you want it by your standards and definitions head clear mind clear thinking feeling acting with calm self assurance feeling good all over and glad to be alive ready to thrive number five take your time come on back notice how good you feel when you're done when you're back just type back in the chat and we'll continue all right. Well in the words of the immortal.

Carol. Bernett back though woozy that's all right. All right. I'm gonna give you guys a few minutes just to click these links and go ahead and uh finalize your purchases or whatever you're going to do and.

Then uh. I'm. GNA use. I'm gonna it's time to it's time for us to say goodbye.

So any if you guys have are conscious enough to give me some feedback. I'd love to hear it. Shimon says thanks that was great you're welcome back with the cat. Tyler loved it awesome nothing like it that was awesome cool nice thing is it's recorded.

So you can do it again right. Okay. So. Anyway.

Last call for those of you who want to unleash the magic come on out click those links get your packages let's make some changes in the world starting with each of us one at a time. I love you all in the words of the immortal. Carol. Bernette.

I'm. So glad we had this time together just to have a laugh or sing a song seems we just got started and before you know it comes the time we have to say. So long good night my friends manifest well and. I'll see you on the other side good night and.

God bless.
