Title: TYWiF11vfGg.txt
Video Id: TYWiF11vfGg
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TYWiF11vfGg

All right. So you got your switch installed yes. No. All right.

Now. I'm going to give you several tasks to perform with your light switch technique. Uh. Kevin come in.

Z hered assume the position. I'll sit down where's your magic finger raise your magic finger erect it for me and what. I'd like you to do. Kevin is.

I'd like you when you're ready just drop that finger and go as deep into trance as you've trained yourself to go deeper and deeper and deeper. With. Every. Breath.

You. Take into. Every. Beat of your heart just go deeper and deeper and deeper still.

Now. Kevin there's a technique that you learned from me that you absolutely love a technique that makes you feel. So good inside and. I want you to take a moment imagine a beautiful ball of glowing golden orange fluid flowing above your head.

I want you to notice how the feelings in your body shift and change as. With. Every. Breath.

You. Take and every beat of your heart that beautiful glowing golden orange energy begins to flow in through the top of your head all the way down through your spine your face your neck your back all the way into the soles of your feet to the tips of your toes and it begins to fill you up fill you up fill you up like water fills up a bottle like fluid fills up a test tube like hot air or helium fills up a balloon and this beautiful golden orange fluid that you're experiencing in the world according to. David we call it the universal solvent and it has some very very amazing very very cool properties that. I'll describe in just a moment as you notice those effects taking place deep inside your mind body and soul you see.

Kevin like a magnet is drawn to metal like water soaking into a dry sponge that universal solvent seeks out every place in your mind every place in your body where you're harboring any stress any strain any less than positive belief or memory or experience erence the ones you consciously remember the ones you consciously understand and most importantly. Kevin the ones you unconsciously remember the ones you unconsciously understand the secret recorded thoughts memories beliefs and experiences that activate in certain times that cause you to say things you don't want to say or do things you don't want to do or as is sometimes the case to say and do things you know you don't want to say and do as that. Universal solvent fills your body like a magnet is drawn to metal like water soaking into a dry sponge that. Universal solid flows into those areas it begins to saturate to penetrate to dilute to dissolve any stress any strain any less than positive belief or memory or experience begins to break out to pull out to dissolve and hold in suspension all of that stop and in its place everything you most want everything you most need in an infinite ever expanding.

Unlimited. Supply. I want you to notice how the feelings in your body shift and change that. Universal.

Sol and flows up up up from your toes to your feet from your feet to your ankles from your ankles to your calves from your calves to your legs your legs to your hips through your abdomen all the way up through your back and neck and. Spine down your arms and into your fingers filling you up filling you up filling you up like water fills up a bottle like fluid fills up a test tube like hot air or helium fills up a balloon and when you know you're completely filled with it from the tips of your toes to the ends of your hair and all points in between you can just. Nodge your head to let me know and we'll continue with the. Next part of our process excellent now as.

I count from one to five. Kevin you're going to notice something interesting you're going to notice the intensity of that amazing powerful super universal solvent doubling in size and strength doubling in force in magnitude working its way deeper and deeper and deeper into every nerve every cell every atom and every space between those atoms into your physical body your astral body your mental body seeking out any place in your system any place in your beingness where you're harboring any stress any any strain any less than positive belief from memory or experience breaks up dissolves solving dissolving and resolving from the body solving dissolving and resolving from the. Mind two doubling again resolving it from the mind for all the right. Reasons just notice that process going deeper and deeper and deeper still finding every place where you're holding any stress any strain any less than positive belief or memory or experience three doubling even more powerfully now four on the.

Next count maximum intensity number that's right. Wait for it wait for it f that's right. Let's feel all that stuff transforming solving dissolving and resolving from the body solving dissolving and resolving from the mind for all the right. Reasons it's not uncommon as this universal solvent.

Works its way deeper and deeper and deeper into your mind body and soul for people to experience all kinds of interesting symptoms some people twitch some people laugh some people yawn some people cry some people break out into the sweat some people just feel waves of emotion coming up. However your body expresses these. Transformations it's just the neurology resetting itself it's just the emotional detox there's no. Need to measure it or manage it or make it happen faster.

Kevin just notice the process taking place and when you know you're completely cleansed from the top of your head to the tips of your toes from the most superficial level of your physical form to the most subtle level of your soul you just nod your head or let one of your fingers float up with honest unconscious movements to let me know that's right. Now in a moment. Kevin not yet. But in just a moment.

I'm going to count from 1 to five when. I reach the number five that magic finger of yours will float up. But another interesting thing will happen it's as if little spets little openings and the soles of your feet and the tips of your fingers open wide like a drain and all that golden orange fluid with all that stuff that used to be inside of you will flow out of you leaving you fresh and clean and purify from the top of your head to the tips of your toes from the most corporeal aspects of your physical being or the coarsest aspects of your physical to the subtlest vibrational aspects of your soul head toe. Mind.

Body. Soul cleansed healed rejuvenated ready to rock and roll 10 times better than ever before one feel yourself returning to this place we call reality feel those little tiny spets those. Faucets in your fingers and your toes beginning to open wide notice that universal solvent taking all that stuff out of your mind out of your body out of your spirit forever leaving you a. AE fresh clean vessel alive with transformation and lots and lots of space for better stuff number two feel that energy flowing out feel that lightness going through your entire mind body and soul three faster and faster four on the.

Next count coming out of that this process only at the rate and speed that you know all that stuff is out of you deep into the. Earth and flowing into the top of your head and energy that gives you everything you most want instead that revitalizes you rejuvenates you clarifies your mind sharpens your body gives you all the vitality and abilities that you most want all happening at that. Last count five take your time notice how good you feel welcome back give him a big round of applause that's the universal solid it sure is right. I usually use this um.

I do this. Then. I take them to the gray room once. I take them to the gry room depending on what.

I have determined as the best fit technically for them um after specific negativity. U we can use the gallery or the control room we and the gallery and the control room are expansions on the. Magic. Frame technique.

So if you know how to do magic frame you already know 80% of the gallery in the control room okay. Uh because we're focusing around the light switch we're going to teach you these techniques uh in the in the in the context of doing self-work because they're very good for self-work. But they're just as easily done with a client okay. So we're going to jump down here to direct suggestion because it's the simplest really.

I mean just. But simple um. I need a piece of can. I.

Bor no. That's no. I don't want to take that does anybody have a small piece of notebook. Paper paper that.

I can borrow oh here's something never mind. So this is the method of self-suggestion that was given to me by. Jerry. K.

I do not use this. I have. But. I have found that the ways that my neurology devised to give suggestion work better for me if this one this is a very simple way to do it um there are many ways to do self- hypnosis or as the.

Russians the. Soviets call it auto suggestion okay. The most important thing is to be exposed to all of them test all of them and see which ones give you the best result which work best with your particular personality or or um feelings right. Was the universal solvent very hard as a as a conceptually right.

It's it's it's that's one of the reasons. I didn't emphasize it quite. So much it's just if you can do the safe place in induction which is infinitely harder comparatively it's the same process though right. It's exactly the same the only difference is instead of a golden orange fluid.

I'm using your safe energy if they can't if they don't have a safe resource. I'm going to use pleasure and it and it can be any kind of pleasure and you're going to find out that because pleasure is a higher vibration than most traumatic imprints it will significantly dissolve the constructs this is why. I'm saying be playful there there's only a couple of vibrations higher or or or concepts higher than play and that's pleasure love and safety and. I'm not even sure if safety is higher than pleasure or play because a lot of times you have to be safe in order to feel pleasure right.

So it's more of a. Bas emotions are not the enemy they are your pallet they are your tools your emotions are not your enemy they're a tool that all huh well as a as a subject too your emotions are the keys that allow you to navigate this vibrational reality. But you have to understand your feelings your kinesthetics differently you have to see it from a different experience it from a different place if you look. At emotions as things that just happen to you.

Then you're always going to be a victim of your emotions if you look. At your. I would think. I prefer to think of the emotional experiences that we have as a navigation tool if you can imagine being on an ocean and using and sailing on the ocean the emotions that you deal with are like the winds and the currents your outcomes are like the stars you get the metaphor if not think of think of emotions being the colors of an artist's pet and with that pallet of colors you can paint whatever picture you desire right.

They're they're not. I me for people who don't understand what we know emotions are things that just happen like the weather they come and they go. But for people who are trained to understand and navigate and create they're far more right. That's what you're that's that's you you understand your emotions are not your enemy you just didn't understand what you didn't understand now you can begin to learn how to sail and learn how to paint and learn how to create using the ultimate pallet energy and emotion and with it you create whatever reality you want right.

So when we give ourselves suggestion this particular method what you do is you give yourself the suggestions before you go into trance before you go into trance this has a direct analog to various kinds of sleep programming how many people here have ever gone to sleep thinking about a problem woken up the. Next day with the answer okay. Congratulations you've just practiced self- hypnosis your brain tends to fixate and focus all of its resources on the. Last thing you think about as you go to sleep okay.

We are working with almost the exact same mechanism in this process we have our handy dandy light switch we have a single suggestion okay. So you have to put thought into this suggestion and and keep it simple one to two lines at the most okay. You take the suggestion you write it on a piece of paper and remember there's no. Magic in the piece of paper you don't need to hoard your slips right.

Keep them in a little safe somewhere like some people do the magic is in the the suggestion you're going to take that suggestion you're going to hold it up at about a 45. Dee angle and you're going to read that suggestion either. I recommend you do it out loud. But if if your environment doesn't allow you to do that.

Then as an energetically as positively as aggressively in in a positive way as you can like let's say uh every day and every way. I'm becoming better at hypnosis maybe that's my suggestion. So. I'll sit here have my.

Rusty finger locked and loaded every day in every way. I am getting better and better at hypnosis every day in every way. I am getting better and better at hypnosis every day in every way. I am getting better and better at hypnosis every day in every way.

I getting better and better at hypnosis. I'm just going to keep repeating it with as much energy and as much certainty and as much enthusiasm as. I can until. I reach an emotional.

Peak an emotional climax when. I reach that emotional climax. I drop the finger drop the paper go into trance for. However long.

I'm going to go in and. I don't try to. I just cook. In trance.

I don't try to think about it. I don't try to repeat the suggestion. I just go into trans whever long. I need to and when.

I'm and when. I'm when. I know. I'm done.

I allow my finger to float up and. I come up out of. Trance go about your day okay. When your.

First now that you've installed your trigger your. First couple of suggestions should be making the trigger stronger enhancing the trigger being able to take in more suggestions and you should do this suggestion as many times a day as you can for 30 days one suggestion compound it as much as possible over the. Next 30 days after that you can do as many different types of suggestion as you want as many times a day as you want okay. But for training purposes for uh blocking this process in one suggestion right.

And. I would recommend that you make that suggestion something that enhances this technique make sense um you could do this you could do that uh. I recommend for 30 days you focus on locking in this mechanism and. Then use it for sleeping you can use it to go to sleep at night yes.

Okay. The short answer is yes. Should you do that right. Away.

I don't recommend it. I would lock in the technique. First as a tool and. Then worry about all the different things you can do with it right.

So again finger suggestion repeat repeat repeat build your emotional intensity when it reaches that climax was funny when. Jerry did it. Anyway all right. So um questions on it say that again you could you again this technique can stand by itself if you want to supplement it that's fine right.

But to install the technique 30 days one suggestion. I recommend you man you you use it to make yourself better at the at the process after that you can do as many suggestions a day as you want one at a time um and you can do the same suggestion over and over again you can do multiple suggestions five different again it doesn't matter it's just one suggestion per per episode or or one you know one set right. And. Then just set it and forget it right.

This is very powerful very direct suggestion other things you can do is you can go into trans universal solvent yourself right. Transition metaphor gry room. I have no. Idea what.

I'm grabbing. But. I'm processing the out of something when they start yawning they're start they processing right. When you know it's [Music] done now if.

I need to. I can open a door in the gray room step into another room and this room is loaded with picture frames kind of like an old style television set and. I instinctively look. I look.

Around and. I instinctively realize that all the positive ones have one color frame and all the. Noto positive ones have a different color frame and in the center of the room instead of a big old fireplace it's what looks like a big old drop slot you ever see those mail slots or those garbage shoots and there's also one behind me in the wall. So.

I walk over and. I touch one of those frames that represents a less than positive belief or memory experience. I notice where. I feel it.

I take it off the wall find a bunch of. Dos and dials here turn all the way to the right. Notice how that makes me feel turn all the way to the left notice how that makes me feel decide which one. I like better and there were some notes that.

I need to make for this. So. I'll just write those on the screen. I'll just keep writing till.

I know. I got it all shrink it down put it in the slot take another [Music] one [Music] no. I have no. Clue what.

I'm writing [Music] let me come once. I'm done there. I have a choice. I could keep going and go.

I can open a door go into another room now this room has frames in it too. But this one's a little bit different if you ever been inside one of those virtual reality computers you know ever seen we watched. Tony. Stark and.

Iron. Man or miss or a. Minority. Report they have this holographic computer computer where they're exploding diagrams and making things bigger making things smaller there's a great scene in.

Iron. Man 3 where he's literally walking through a crime scene and holographically exploding diagrams and things like that you walk into this room floating in space all around you are frames and some you recognize as positive some you recognize as negative some are really really big some are really really small and you just look. Around you look. At where they're stacked and where they're [Music] filed and you just start putting them in the place that makes it feel the best.

So you start organizing the desktop in your frontal hemisphere if you find something that needs to go back shrink it down wi it out like the notes put it in the slot if it's something that's positive something that's powerful something that gives you a resource or something you want to have more of say. I want to remember to always see the world in a certain way. I'll find that file. I'll reach out and touch it and.

I want it to be bigger. So. I'll make it bigger. I'll make it slightly transparent and.

I'll make it panoramic. So. I looked the world through it anything that gets in the way. I'll either move it to the side or down below or into the recycle bin or.

I'll just shrink it down and put it behind me and. I'm just organizing everything out here all these floating squares cuz each one represents a file and these files either enhance you or they diminish you they either get in your way or they move you forward and you have to decide keep it get rid of it make it stronger make it weaker refile it to some place more important once. I've gone through that process. I'll go back to the gallery look.

Around make sure everything's taken care of here once. I'm happy there. I go back to my gray room make sure everything's happy there step back into my body let the. Golden.

Fluid drain out and when. I'm done when. I know it's all out that finger will float up out of. Trance you come pretty easy huh how many went along for the ride right.

Remember something one of the reasons that what. I'm teaching you in terms of rooms and and things like that is. So powerful much more. So than dialogue by the way is because the human nervous system is hardwired for spatial memory you're hardwired for it that's why ancient techniques like the.

Memory. Palace for those of you who know what that is are. So effective your spatial orientation is the strongest memory you have it's also one of those seven magic language patterns that are one of the most powerful in the world. So anytime you utilize constructs of time and space you're going to have more impact and go through it much more easily than anything that is purely dialogue based if you can interact with those spatial constructs now you're doing what you actually do and life right.

That's with me. So in that process we would. I did. Universal.

I did direct suggestion or. I went into trance. I did universal solvent. I went into the gry room did what.

I had to do in gry room as soon as. I was done little door open transition metaphor. I'm into another room maybe it's a dome-shaped room with pearly gray walls maybe it's a completely. Square.

Room doesn't matter. But. But as. I look.

Around the room. I notice on that wall on those walls are picture frames and. I instinctively recognize one set of frames are all the good things all the things that make me feel strong and confident worthy and deserving those other colored frames represent all the less than positive stuff the difference is because we know what the frame does those things have lessons attached that we need to process a little bit differently before we get rid of them. So.

I take them off the wall. I notice where. I feel it. I wipe the image out.

I write the lessons. I don't need to know consciously what the lessons are my unconscious mind put that frame there it knows exactly what that's for. So. I just let it do what it knows how to do when.

I'm happy when. I'm satisfied that that's done into the drop slot right. You could have the drop slot in the center because we know what that's for metaphorically. But we also know neurologically that the place for over and done is behind us remember almost like the exact single.

Magic. Frame exercise right. It's the same freaking thing you see the pattern specific negativity. But.

I'm batch removing stuff that's called. The. Gallery okay. It's on your little thingy there right.

So we go from universal solvent to the gray room to the gallery to the control room now. I'm in a virtual reality room. I have all these positive things floating around me three-dimensionally. I have all these negative files floating around me three-dimensionally and now.

I sort them some of them are going to be big some of them are going to be small. I want to make all my good ones big and close all the negative ones if they need to keep them. I'm going to make them small and. I'm going to put them away way if they're completely irrelevant back where we put all those things that are overdone and no.

Longer relevant it's no. Different than. Magic. Frame except in each case we're adding one or two things right.

In single frame it's a specific issue we get rid of it we move it in the gallery there's a whole bunch of stuff there that the unconscious mind says hey these things have lessons connected to let's get those out reprocess them move on in the. Galler in the control room now now we're looking at our desktop of our computer our own personal computer the human neurology and just like before you're going to see all the positive ones all the negative ones floating there you can inspect them if you want. But you instinctively know which ones are positive which ones are negative you reach out you touch the negative ones notice where you feel it decide if it needs to stay in front or it needs to go in the back move it if it's a positive one and you want more of it make it bigger bring it closer if there's a place move the picture around find out what spot in and around you gives you the best result this is where you get to customize your internal dashboard understand the difference. First one we're just getting rid of a single thing.

Second one we're getting rid of all as many negative things as as are on that wall. Third level we're deciding what gets bigger what gets stronger what stays what goes you see the progression okay. Now you can guide people through this exercise or you can do it on your own right. I recommend you do both right.

Might want to um see it's 5 after 12. So here's what. I want you to do. I want you to to practice your finger drop.

I want you to go through un universal solvent do your gry room do a gallery do a control room two or three times on your own soon as you're done two or three times on your own get a partner and guide them through it two or three times can we do that this means yes. This means no. You got 35 minutes go.
