Title: Psychological Tricks: How to Program Your Mind With Pleasure - Drug of Choice For Self Hypnosis
File Name: U6Ss5reNsDk.txt
Video Id: U6Ss5reNsDk
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U6Ss5reNsDk

The interesting thing about drug of choice is that drug of choice is about feelings as well. However it's about a sequence of feelings each and every one of well let's do this together okay. I want you guys to think of a state that you really enjoy it could be drug induced it could be legal or illegal. I don't care it could be an erotic experience.

I don't care. But. I want you to know. I want you to realize to close your eyes.

For me take a deep breath in relax and remember that state that you really really enjoy right. I want you to remember the best example of that time when you took. That substance or you were going into that state there was a sensation you noticed. First that lets you know the effect was starting to happen you remember where in your body that feeling started and what it was like and.

Then when that feeling activated there was another feeling that followed it somewhere else in your body that let you know the strength was the process was moving along faster deepening and. Then it moved to another place and. Then another place and. Then another place until eventually your entire body was completely under that influence and it came back to its point of origin and started again and all.

I want you to do is. Trace that pathway through your body like a boat on a river just let it circulate to your entire body it's flowing in that beast. But that let that come back and. Then just amplify the speed at which it moves through your body allow it to flow stronger and stronger and notice what happens and enjoy it open your eyes.

Look. Around notice what you notice and. Then close your eyes. And allow it to get even deeper and now from now on what.

I'd like you to do is. I'd like you to notice that every time you reach up and touch your right. Earlobe that feeling is going to double speed at which it circulates is going to triple and quadruple getting more satisfying more wonderful mo better than ever before and every time you touch your left your lobe it's going to turn off like flipping a light switch. I want you to just practice each time you lift that right.

Here a little bit comes back 10 times stronger than the time before each time you touch that. Lefty a little bit shuts off completely back to full rational. Satan sane soberness all with that other man. I just want you to play with it notice it gets stronger and more effective each and every time take all the time you need to lock that in and realize anytime you want to anytime you need to you can go into that state just by touching that earlobe and enjoy it for as long as you like and when it's time to change your state touch that other earlobe and enjoy those feelings that's right.

When you know you've got it try to turn that off try to de-potentiate those processes and notice what happens instead click off your state look. Up here guys all got it foreign [Applause] pretty cool huh that's how you can transfer anchors really quick okay. But remember this every state that we have has a feeling connected to it point to where we feel it we have the key and the walk now we just trace it we've activated. I'll give you another quick and dirty way to activate steaks how many people here have ever been in a really profound.

Trans. State cool close your eyes. Remember the best state ever the most powerful transformational state if you were given a suggestion in this state it just automatically engaged you had no. Choice and it was only the things you wanted most the ultimate programming.

State maybe there's more than one. But. I want you to remember that feeling where it started where it went notice there's a place in your body where that feeling lives. I want you to point to it that's right.

I want you to notice there's a color connected to that feeling notice the color or set of colors and notice it's moving it's spitting in a certain direction. I want you to notice what happens to your body when that thing starts to speed up faster and faster notice what happens just allow it to spin faster and faster notice what happens to the state you don't have to physically turn it you can just notice it happening unless you want to physically turn it and. Then when you're ready to come out slow it down spin it the other way and allow your eyes. To open and if you want to go back in spin it the other way and play with that instant spinductions pretty cool huh right.

And the. Last way just pretend pretending to go into the deepest most powerful transformational. State you've ever been in notice where in your body you feel it and go there you're pretty stoned aren't you brother right. These are some very powerful ways that you can put yourself in state now sometimes we need something a little bit more overt right.

Now. Mark and and. Jerry both used to teach a technique called a finger drop which is very easy to do you just pick a finger not pull a finger come out of state guys come on. I fractionated you a little too much today haven't.

I okay. And that's a good thing because now you'll learn it even faster. So what you do now any of these states any of these triggers you can use to induce a state and. Then what you want to do just like we did our earlobes we want to use a finger.

So maybe if. I'm doing a drug of choice state. I'll. I'll start with the finger in the upright.

Position and. Then. I'll drop myself. I'll.

I'll sequence through that state and. Then maybe when. I want to come out. I'll reverse the process and allow the finger to come up and.

I'll link the two together. So that as. I re-triggered the state. I drop the finger and.

Then. I go and. Then when. I'm ready to come out thank you and the finger comes up and.

I want to link them together. I want to wash rinse repeat this until when the finger comes up. I come up out of state when the finger drops. I go back in boom that would be fun right.

Make sure it's something you're not going to accidentally trigger right. Yes. Teresa well that's what unconscious timing is going to do because once you have this finger trigger set up you're going to get your cell phone out with a timer on it and you're going to give yourself a suggestion you're going to do this as a partner drill and you're going to go into trance for exactly 30 seconds and have your unconscious mind bring you out and you're going to keep practicing until you can consistently do it within a five to five. Second window either way that's good enough if you can get to most people get right.

To like 29 seconds or 28 seconds. So. But the secret is you're going to have to learn to trust oh yeah you'll eventually come out you actually one of two things will happen you'll either come out or you'll go to sleep right. So the idea is when we're starting to do self-directed trans work right.

Which you've all been doing by the way you don't need the other person anymore you just don't know you don't need it right. Um this is the one that really cements in the fact that you have an unconscious mind that you can actually rely on it doesn't seem like a big deal one of the big problems that we have many times is calibration between the inner world and the outer world because we go into massive time. Distortion when we're in trance in your unconscious mind can track all this. But it needs that you need to develop the pathway right.

So what. I would like you guys to do before we do unconscious timing is. I want you to practice the trancing and creating the triggers and. Then what.

I want you to do once you're in state. I want you to go through the identity by. Design. Silo on your own.

I want you to go from. Gray room to. Magic. Frame to the two pillars of power use lies the voice of authority temporally edit merge can we do that huh no.

Okay. No. No. No.

We're going to do unconscious timing after we do this the secret once again feeling trigger lock that in go into. State and play pretend just like when you were a little kid and remember the key if you can point to it you can change it for self-work the key to this is getting your body engaged especially at the beginning okay. The more you get your body engaged the more absorption you create voice of authority is just to create the voice of a trusted mentor actually what. I do a lot of times is.

I use the voice of authority to guide me on what to do. Next see. I installed it. I installed it already.

So you can just listen to it and have it guide you. But you've been through these processes over and over and over again right. So just be in that moment and do it all right. And you're going to discover something pretty cool is that the more you get involved in the process the more you'll forget you're doing it by yourself okay.

Yes. Um. So again if they think of the think of a light switch right. It's in the off position on position off position.

So when the finger's up. I'm out of trans when the finger drops. I'm in finger comes up. I come out.

So you can do it both ways you can go into trans and drop the finger come out of trance and raise the finger and eventually it'll be a feedback loop where one causes the other right. And that's the light switch it's very simple. First establish what trigger you would like if you don't like fingers you could do an earlobe you could do a nose touch you can do a keyword. I don't care.

But the secret is you've got to generate the feeling. First you've got to decide what you want what your trigger is going to be generate the feeling and. Link them multiple multiple times you can't do this too much right. You've all been entrance a gazillion times this weekend you know what it feels like you're already there in it now okay.

If you feel better have somebody guide you through the process of creating the trigger compared to the comp compared to the the processes you've been doing this is like a walk in the park okay. You guys ready to play go 30 minutes come out of. Trance all right. One more time decide which way you want to install a trigger for trams you can generate the feeling amplify the feeling you can do drug of choice which is moving the feeling around your body creating that circuit okay.

You can pretend to go into trans they're all working they're all going to work once you decide what your preferred mode is link it to a stimulus most people like the finger drop. Mark. Cunningham used to like to install a little switch behind the neck you just tap them and down they go all the way up thank you all right. Yours is still there obviously.

But my point is whatever the trigger decide beforehand what the trigger is going to be access the state link them very simple just tell them link it right. And and practice it multiple multiple times until it's consistent for you it's again it's a fractionation exercise if you come out you go in any time you go in it goes deeper until they're connected right. Once you've got that go into state deepen yourself. However you want to do it and begin great room go through your gray room do some magic frame once you're done with magic frame step into a pillar of power do your pillars of power listen to your voice of.

Authority for a few minutes once you're done with voice of authority float up above your timeline or the wave of your right. Hand all the positives wave of your left hand do your temporal editing cycle through it emerge yeah as many as you like as many as you like as many times as you can from start to finish okay. And here's the again. I'm going to come back to this the more you get your body involved the more powerful the experience will be whether you believe you're in trance or not you understand that it doesn't matter what your conscious mind believes if you're pretending and the body's engaged the changes will lock in they will install okay.

Yeah.
