Title: UbBRKVDuLRc.txt
Video Id: UbBRKVDuLRc
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UbBRKVDuLRc

Know what you learn pretty cool huh young meridians open the body can. I use you. Mac you sign the waiver right. You sign the waiver right.

Yeah. I do okay. Now that's on the arm you saw what happened when. I when.

I when. I activate the young points if. I hate remember the back they hit the. Sun hits the back it's a young.

Meridian if. I just tap his back see how he wants to open up. But if. I tap the front see how he wants to fold.

So the same thing goes on the torso and goes deep. But it's weird right. Cuz. I'm doing swinging right.

Oh okay. So the. Next drill we're gonna actually borrow from a cocktail called my hon cheat some of you know this contest some of you do not. But the this is kind of where in in my world the art of.

Systema. Kyushu. Jitsu jujitsu. Aiki jujitsu and.

Escrima all intersect the opening move in that cot that goes like this okay. And. Then it moves sideways okay. Now to the average person who does that kata they say.

I'm stepping over rice paddies and. I'm blocking and. Then. I'm elbowing somebody in the chest or whatever no.

Remember the cod is a code kata tells me how. I'm being attacked tells me how. I'm going to counter and what to do if that move doesn't work. So the opening movie.

Nakata goes like this which means if you were coming at me wouldn't it be natural do a couple ways that people come out you need to come at you with a fist to your face a push finger in the face that's why some of your kata in various caught in various systems they'll start like this or they'll start like this this particular cut are some start like this this particular kata starts like this this represents on one level someone coming at me with a push either one hand or two hand it really doesn't matter. So he's coming at me with a push this way right. The original version are the original interpretation. I was taught for that move.

First of all it meant nothing it's the bow doesn't mean anything horse the minute you move from a natural stance like this into anything the cod has begun all the bowel movements they kill people okay. But. I'd win this is a g-rated show. So we're not gonna kill anybody on stage.

But this movement tells me if. I kick. I'm late see how my hand meet him. I am to touch this pressure point and this pressure point together and move that direction he's gonna fall in line for the hand to be hit that's one level of application any time you see a form and most of your basic cocktail will do this they will turn and they will go this way and they will do this movement.

Then they will go the opposite direction and do this movement and most people will tell you. I have an opponent here and. I have an opponent here know what that means is that that movement will work again on either side of the person who's in front of me kata and. I.

Han. Chi goes here. But it moves sideways. So let's say he's pushing me right.

So as he pushes. I can put slope see this watch and we attack fingers this is called a palm twist okay. And sistema we don't give resistance we just let him go where he wants to go right. Small circle works a lot.

I'm 1/8 the brown belt and small circle jujitsu small circle looks a lot on small joint manipulations. So you'll see a lot of this. So we can take the same movement as he pushes notice add the harder heat and deeper he pushes the more he stays stuck to me weird huh yeah. Junior's a sore.

I'm sorry. But. I. So.

I can also. So this movement means that. I am to meet his palm some way as. I meet his palms.

I am to bend now if you look. At this is called biomechanical. Kyushu. Jitsu by the way line line match there's a triangle here we call this line the hypotenuse right.

If all. I do is compress the invisible line okay. So side side hypotenuse and down he goes right. Now if he's giving me the forward momentum slope he'll go down on his own okay.

But. I want to do it in such a way that he doesn't know what's happening. So as he pushes he can't help himself he just falls okay. Now on the ends of the fingers this is a fire finger this is also a fire finger this is a wood or fire finger this is a metal finger if.

I'm touching metal this is yin metal right. Here what's the easiest way to energetically to show at the body yeah and yarn right. Positive-negative you in metal young metal all right. So watch here now fire again going to changing systems now.

But just to show you here fire metal if. I just touch these baibek fire metal this is young fire unifier are you getting metal he goes down faster kind of weird again yeah right. So if. I understand this.

So all. I want you is as he pushes you now. I want you to catch palm to. Palm and.

I want you to just create that invisible triangle for now we'll get more subtle with it right. And. Then all. I want you to do is find either young metal or you in metal keep it in your cutting board right.

And just bend your knees and all of a sudden that point comes to you come here. Louise you'll be laughing at your friend all day here. So the push comes in here. I catch this now.

I moved. I'm on him on the outside. But what if it what if he pushed deeper and. I came inside right.

So. I can come in this way. I can come this way. But.

I catch this. I give him something to run into it's an illusion there's no. Support there. But he thinks there is because he's trying to brace himself and as he tries to brace himself and.

Then. I pull me ok. But this is a biomechanical principle course called side side hypotenuse anyplace where you can create a triangle on the body you compress the invisible side you see it can you see the triangle any any position you want side side hypotenuse right. Play with it that's biomechanical cue show.

Jitsu go okay. There's not enough tension here. So as he's asked he's pressing he's not committing to the movement he's got moving yeah man what's gonna happen. Next the secret by the way guys a lot of what you're gonna see me do there's an optical illusion going on can easy.

Chris when. I'm playing with things like when. I see you talk about vectors or vital points or things like that you will see many times that the guy looks like he's like kind of airborne right. Like he's moving at a diagonal that's an illusion what's really happening is.

I'm at you you think. I'm. I'm moving in that direction. I'm not the secret to a lot of this stuff is anytime the structure of the body anytime the structure of the body is distorted the optimal direction to move is down okay.

It's never never this it's never this. But it looks like because the body is unwinding in space anytime you have any distortion in the body if. I just give a little drop it translates into the structure oh right. See how easy the points come to me by the way when you do this technique and you wanted me get up you got to make sure they can move in that direction all right.

Sex for them all right. So you guys play with the hypotenuse yes. Now what. I want you to do since you guys seem to want to see a lot of more this.

Jedi stuff where you want to just okay. Yeah. I'm good here's what. I want you to do we're gonna learn the finger lock finger lock now why don't you do two styles do the finger lock.

But they don't do it well. I'm gonna piss them off a lot of jiu-jitsu people by saying. But they don't do it well because what they do is they grab that finger and they jam it kind of like we're doing with the hypotenuse you guys have you guys okay. With that one did that work out pretty well for you by the way the further you can get on the phalanges the better it works right.

Wally had a wall he had a technique where he would catch the guy here he would angle and take take the elbow outside and just come up like that that's just this kind of a show-off technique because it's much easy to go that way thing. So when was. I going with this. Oh finger lot.

So as we get the pong okay. Not one move to that kata. I could like. I got told.

Steven he came to agree he could spend twenty years breaking down that opening move to that form it's all about palm twisting and energetics. So one of the ways that we can do the palm twist from cotton-eye. Han. Qi is like we started we can do it systemically which is here systemic and we get into that in the.

Next part of the meet up and they start doing more jujitsu stuff. Systema is all about non resistance if he pushes me. I move at the rate speed that he's aggressing. So he never senses where it's at right.

It tricks your nervous system. Wally. Jade who was the founder of small circle jujitsu had a similar concept. But he called the avoid a head-on collision of forces.

So the words if. Kris is pushing at me. I'm not gonna laugh or. I'm not gonna go yeah right.

And try and wrestle him to the ground let me get out of the way. I'm gonna get out of the way okay. But there's another way to do this palm twist and get into the finger lock you can what. I'm about to show you you can do on any digit okay.

I taught small. I teach six-year-old kids to put 300-pound guys on the ground anybody who does any kind of weapons work if you're not training finger locks and palm twisting you have you're missing out your mate you're working a whole lot harder than you have to okay. So on the. First one we were here right.

Second one we were here. Third version we're here now. I chop the fingers as. I chop the finger.

I'm gonna take my little finger and my thumb anybody ever play cowboys and. Indians. I'm gonna shoot him with my gun here's my gun right. Here two-way action pull with the bottom push with the top down he goes okay.

The other secret is is. I got to get out of my own way. I bring him in he'll only go. So far and.

Then he'll get strong again proprioceptive. Lee it's because. I'm in the line he wants to fall if all. I do is move he'll go in the hole okay.

There's this weird neurological stuff. So as he's coming at me. I can chop this whatever. I get.

I use it's the same finger position whether. I'm on the little finger whether. I'm on the thumb it does what. I'm on more than one it's this movement.

So we're gonna start from here you're gonna get your partner find the index you just can do this like he's you know doing that no. No. Finger at you like your mom used to do right. You're gonna come here you're gonna hook.

This and here two way action pull at the bottom push with the top draw your elbow back and put the gun in your holsters just put the gun in your holster okay. And. Then we'll build on that okay. Go play thank you easy peasy there's a ballet school.

Next door now where would. I where would. I touch him to take him down okay. You would the crank his neck.

But that was you were close. So watch again. So just from a structure standpoint. I bring him down he's down here.

I'm just forming a circle. Oh with my left hand it's a work doesn't matter you can do it this way yeah okay. Oh my gosh now the secret is you got halfway there. So.

I'm here right. Yeah now watch. I put the gun in my holster okay. So.

I'm here that draws you in that puts you down pretty much well the finger prick. Then. I'm gonna hit you. But the whole idea a lot of this comes from the fact that you're terrified of it breaking most people's fascial fascial connections in their hand are.

So tight that it's all you see is white you know now some people who are on drugs or think that they won't feel the pain. So you have to. Britt you probably will have to break it and go somewhere else immediately because they will sacrifice a special-forces person they'll sacrifice the limb to get to you. So you've got to use these for what they were for to get to something more vital.

I can use these to control people do pain compliance if. I'm a bouncer or something like that. But in the world according to. David the best compliance is when he's out cold they don't you know they're pretty much done after that.

So. I'm always fine the way to get to the to the off switch okay. We got this now you could amuse. Steve you can use the fingers you can use the fingers as setup points for your kill shots when.

I say kill shots. I mean your finishing points okay. So whether. I kid him left to right.

Right. To left a right. To right. In this case all.

I have to do is get a structure bent and make him move down okay. So as. I come in here if. I want him to drop forward there is right.

If. I want him to move out there it is if he's too far away now we're cha chaan right. Right. But let's say he does that go ahead that's called crossed extensor reflex neurologically speaking when this hands in trouble that hand turns into a coward and look.

Where. I'm at right. Where is his head with a cutting board you never reach you let them come you yes. So and again.

I'm gonna reason. I'm spending a lot of time with the finger lock is because it's a very easy way to just change everything right. Even these guys who like to grapple you start playing with fingers they get really upset right. A lot of these gets the rules.

But if. I've got the finger lock in and our right. To right. Situation here.

So. I popped in here now depending on on what his response to that is that may be lights out that may be over for him right. The. Next thing.

I want to do is. I want to put him down. I want to put in ideally. I want to put him face down to put him face down we put him palm down all right.

And. Then we just lay flat there thank you extend your pans behind you please thank you right. And. Then we can do other things.

But the whole idea is you want a thing done you want to think of your palm. I call this the joystick technique anybody ever seen this kids playing with those remote-control cars in small circle we have this thing we call creating a base many times when they have like rubber herbs or something like that we'll go to do this move and they'll just they can stretch their finger all the way back to the to touch their forearm in order to get to bypass that what you have to do is you have to take the slack out of the. Next joint up. So whereas this this works really well on.

John. So we're gonna have to let me here have like really flexible joints that. I can torque no. Okay.

So you're that you're turning the barrel. But okay. So what's gonna happen now is let's say he does have super flexible joints right. What.

I and. I go to do this and it's not working like it should what. I want to do now is. I want to take all the slack out of the.

Next joint up. I'm gonna cut it and now it's worse because. I've removed the slack in the joint. But.

I've also if. I know. I'm. I think.

I know a thing about my polarities eun-jung fire metal one pressure point causes pain usually right. On the spot - pressure points caused the pain to meet between the two support points of stimulation if. I touch here he gets a little bit of juice there if. I touch here it's a touch nerve it weakens the weakens the wrist if.

I touch them both. I get a different energy don't. I if. I touch three it magnifies okay.

So when. I do this and. I just take the slack out that hurts if. I do this and.

I move skin and. I lock those nerves in it's worse. But now. I've set him up for a.

KO or whatever does that make sense. So where was. I going with this. Anyway.

So. I'm coming in he's giving me this he's given me seventh cranial. I pop him now. I have to look.

At his body mechanics what do. I want to do to him what do. I want to do ideally if he's not out. I want him face down this is gonna be the the most helpless position for him right.

If he's a system a guy if he knows anything if you have any kind of sensitivity he'll try to roll out of it that's why. I want to. I want to punch his ticket as quick as. I can right.

Maybe he didn't go down maybe he has rubber nursed it up maybe. I'm off that day. Then. I need to move him in such a way that his weapons can't hurt me.

So now. I've turned in front of his body away which gives me the xylophone of his spine the the medulla oblongata of the brainstem. I need to punch his ticket. I can he's got a lot more to work he's got a lot harder job to hurt me back also.

I haven't lost control of him because what if he's got friends right. I can control him okay. Very very easily and still keep an eye on his buddies all right. That doesn't mean.

I want to stay here right. Because it's only a matter of time this one means what we have to thank you this is one of the reasons why we have to understand the importance of movement and mobility okay. Most martial arts are built around what we call a dueling model. Chris they're built around you are somewhat right.

I am samurai on the count of three we go right. It's a. Dueling model twenty paces turn and. Fire right.

That's not how most of you are gonna wind up getting into it okay. If you go to an. MMA gym maybe you go to a boxing match maybe out there on the street you probably won't feel you want to. I won't see the knife until it's sticking out of you.

So that's why in certain other arts that. I teach that's where you start you start with the knife on you or practically in you and learn how to survive and. Then fight and they're very complimentary. But the whole idea behind what.

I'm teaching you here now is. I can use the finger anywhere. I point the palm anywhere. I point the palm the body is going to go which means if.

I can't if he's in front of me. I can't get to my nerve there it is right. If. I understand more advanced biomechanical cue show.

Jitsu this is a vector line shoulder to shoulder. I drew a laser from point to point and followed it to the ground. I know it doesn't look. Like it would work.

So he's here he's solid right. Now with up lines here if. I'm moving he moves real easy that way. But he's not going down.

I need to get the vector skewed okay. We'll get into that maybe a little. Later. But if.

I want to get to my points now. I'm gonna give you another point from the front there's someone you like a lot find you behind the bridge of your nose find what the cartilage is find where the cartilage meets the bone all right. Now if you ever look. At a skull you'll see a little wavy line where that juncture is up through that little wavy line sorry now.

I know it's coming up through that little wavy line our nerves or cranial nerves now most of us have been around the martial arts any length of time we're taught if we want to kill somebody we take our pom and we drive it up through that note nasal bone and into the brain and he's gonna die probably not okay. If you can hit him hard enough to drive that little bone all the way back there you're probably gonna cave in the front of his skull okay. Not really a finesse move right. To hurt and attack that part of the body you must come down and in 45 degrees towards the base of the spine okay.

This way. So if. I go side charge they tighten up your nose. But how do you say that right.

But if. I do this that's just that makes him want to sneeze it makes his eyes. Water a little bit right. I just do this yeah it's definitely different right.

So combining this. I move him. I get triple warmer bang okay. He's not out yet down or.

I'm trying not to. I want you guys to come back. But. I take him down this way now.

Warren okay. If he doesn't means. Lewis. I'm using you guys up.

So. I'm here right. So now he's dropped to his knees. I have a choice.

I can move him out right. Using the finger. I can move him in using the finger. I can move him down using the finger.

I can hold him in mobile. But activated neurologically using the finger and give him a little tap pretty wild huh okay. The relative position of my body to his will change the energetics of that technique now you saw can you face the camera oh. I just.

So. I'm here right. And. I just tapped him okay.

Just a little tap watch stand up you see a difference sit kneel just the change in relative height can change the energetic polarity of his body now that's if you pay few levels up your pay grade bottom line when. I have in here down and in across the gristle of the nose towards the spine even if it doesn't put him out well at least break the nose it'll make his eyes. Water and it'll do this it'll put him on his back. So you can get away.

So what. I want you to do now nice and gently is that as he comes in you can meet it straight on you can meet it this way you can meet it this way and all. I want you to do is move him into position to connect the dots can you do that go play okay. Good is it good when you see it it doesn't you know when you feel it's not as effective and it's also the angle your angle is different right.

Very well keep your spine straight down okay. That's one of the big secrets is your posture has to be good maybe. I should teach you guys how to revive before we go any further yeah nice very nice she's vicious man you know. I'm sure all she would've had to do man with a wham / you got it you got to watch out what you teach your girlfriend's because they will they will not hold back on your ass to you it's they will hold back on everybody else.

But on you it's open season [Music] yep there it is see now for him. But you got him in this position again. So you've got him here right. That's just easier why bend down because that puts you in a in a disadvantaged position right.

Yeah just again he can you can kneel right. On this you can there's your hypotenuse if you want it all kinds of things you can do it. But again remember you might have fun in the. Next segment we're going to talk about spinal alignment he's got a kind of a bigger nose you know some people have like as long as you can find where the gristle and the bone meet it'll work now the.

Asian faces. I don't think you have any. Native. American in you do you okay.

A lot of the. Native. American and. Asian faces will have a bigger cheekbone.

So they'll be more vulnerable in the cheek area than they will in the eyebrow area okay. She's got a good nose she'll go right. Out [Laughter]. But as long as you get those knuckles and you just give it a little tap right.

You got it broken at least once one with that crooked nose. So his bristles right. Here right. So.

I find this right. He's tall. So. I have to see the difference well.

I love you that. Next tap to reverse the area here yeah it wakes him up you just want to hit down not. So much. But when.

I went up he had a flash it's because he's taller than me that's why when. I put. Louisa on the ground and hit down he flashed when. I stood him up it wasn't nearly as person what.

I'm more than you go up that's one of the secrets is not you have to learn how to read bodies to know where they're weak otherwise the technique that worked perfectly on you know on one guy might not work on you know because it's subtle they're subtleties that you have to consider and they're not in the books they're not in the books.
