Title: Veterans Day AMA W/ Dr. David - Psychological Secrets for Success Health Wealth and Happiness
File Name: UdnHJJ6yUK4.txt
Video Id: UdnHJJ6yUK4
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UdnHJJ6yUK4

Foreign hey guys how's it going welcome to uh veterans day ama with me your uh your friend and host the the uh often manic and sometimes demonic dr david uh pardon me while i kind of get situated here [Music]. Anyway um yeah i had to shut the uh i was gonna have the infinity echo effect if i wasn't careful. So hey guys how's everybody doing good to see y'all janet says she sees my beautiful background i am zoomed i am simulcasting through zoom again. So i will warn you up front that uh you know i can answer you through video i'll see your chat in real time.

But uh. But the answers to your questions might come through uh a little bit. Later i can answer you in real time in the chat. But there might be a little bit of a.

Anyway. So how's everybody doing type type in your name and where you're checking in from and yes. My books are huge this is my my virtual background of my real life bookshelf um the ongoing saga of renovating my downstairs studio continues as i'm fighting with the hoa to get uh an ac heating unit installed. So that i can i could have more room and space to walk around in front of my real books.

But uh in the meantime i'll just take i'll work with my virtual books uh miller is asking how often should i do elemental breathing and for how long each i think that's a very um in terms of elemental breathing i would do it for as long as it's comfortable keep in mind that many times as you begin to accumulate a certain amount of charge of an element um your body goes through these little um the closest analogy is like an orgasm uh in and not necessarily in that ecstatic way. But your body builds up a charge and it just keeps building and building also and you break through that. Next barrier that being said if you're going to do elemental charging you should also do elemental discharging what that means is if you the whole point behind elemental breathing at a beginner's level is to build the capacity of your tissues to hold a charge and. Then practice releasing that charge back to zero because you if your vessel can't handle the energies that you're packing in you're going to blow a fuse literally or metaphor myth metaphorically you're going to blow a few weights right.

You put 50 pounds on the weight on the bench you do your curls and. Then you relax you recover. Then you put 55 pounds on the bench and. Then you do your presses or your curls and.

Then you recover and. Then you go and you sleep and you let your body fully recover that's kind of what the point of condensing breathing which is what we're talking about we're talking about condensing elements and things of that nature that's really what we're talking about we're talking about creating an emotional frequency a harmonic in your body connecting it to its more uh higher level creating that bridge and the deep level of rapport bridge to that frequency and building a surcharge of that in your body. So. But the secret is you've got to be able to release that charge just as easily as you can accumulate it in fact i would actually go.

So far as to say that it's actually more important to release the charge from your body than it is to accumulate more of it. But at the beginner's level it's about building tolerance building a capacity a muscle and an energetic muscle that can hold that energy and work with it. So i hope that helps that's an interesting way to start off the questions i'm going to try my new computer glasses and see how they look. What do you think uh golden j says uh david how can we maximize our body language through video chat when working with clients a um if you're going to i'll i'll give you some really really important pointers.

First and foremost stop sitting if you want to maximize body language you have to understand that your energy dramatically changes when you sit you actually cut your energy off not that you can't be engaging and compelling sitting down. But i challenge you to try this do some sessions standing like i am now and. Then do some sessions seated and. Then have people go from standing you know go from standing to sitting and people ask you about your energy the the energy of the vibe that they're getting from you i found this out i kind of knew this a little bit for my my acting days and my theater days.

But it really got driven home probably two or three years ago well not even not even quite that um i had hired a guy grudgingly uh to act as a consultant for my web the webinar side of my business and um you know he was monitoring my video one day and he says you know when you sit down your energy just drops and and that kind of drove something home to me is that you know if you watch if you i don't know if you've ever had a chance to see it. But if you can find videos on youtube of a-list actors uh doing voice-overs and uh dubbing and things like that i i never see them sitting i never see them sitting right. Just because you can sit doesn't mean you do you should sit. So i think to be point blank about it if you want to have the most mojo um in your sessions if you're not at least stan you know if you can't if you if you're not up to standing all the time have some room that you can move and have the ability to sit or stand without affecting the camera too much either by having the camera that follows you or by uh going to the.

Next piece that i'm going to talk about which is have a big enough shot that you can sit right. Or stand without screwing up the shot too much without too much transmission or transposition of the um of the camera shot. So that's that's key number two the. Second one is make sure your this kind of goes with the.

First one which goes with this actually this goes with the. Second which goes with the. First one make sure they can see your hands right. Uh and usually for that a half shot or bet or or even a little bit longer even a um a three-quarter shot is actually a better more engaging video than a hedge than a talking head video because the more that they can see your gestures the more powerfully what you do with your body is going to impact them.

So those three things will make anything you do far more engaging and far more compelling it's certainly one of the big things that i teach in my my hypnotic presentation skills class where we teach you all the secrets that guys like t harvecker and lisa cecivich and mark victor hansen and robert allen and all these guys do that they don't teach their instructor trainees on how to set up stages and how to do things. So you got to understand stagecraft stagecraft is just as important when you're doing a little private talking head video um as when you're on stage you know in front of a hundred people or a thousand people now keep in mind that you don't have to be like all tricked out like i'm certainly not i'm in kind of my leather um adventurer mode today kind of getting ready to play dungeons and dragons or something. But um. But the truth is is that good stagecraft will always enhance your presence which will actually allow you to to communicate better with the person.

So i hope that helps you let's see here oh god lots of people ivy from florida asmr from munich uh jay from ontario canada milor from sakura west west africa wow uh jeannette south australia um lisa hartman lisa from kentucky okay. Gus from new zealand nice hey you guys we're working really hard those of you downs down under um australia new zealand we're uh we're trying to get down there may 2021. So um if you want to come out and see us and you haven't already gotten your tickets you might want to reach out to my my administrative goddess stephanie and see about maybe reserving a spot because as soon as those borders open man we're going hot we're already negotiating with the hotel because they took. Our deposit for.

Last year and they wouldn't give it back. So we're trying to get something done groovy d says very stark what kind of stark am i am i a tony stark or an edgar stark right. Uh is winter coming or is it the end game right. Uh cyrus from brotherhood society says i'm checking in from new zealand awesome uh let's see here hold on a.

Second let me put the chat oops let me put the chat right. In front of me here. So i can read these um mental disorder that makes me dream 15 hours a day maladaptive daydreaming what can i do about that melor i don't actually have an answer for you in terms of maladaptive daydreaming um i have never even heard of that particular disorder until you just mentioned it oh thank you i'm glad you like the glasses they do help my eyes. Especially right.

Now because i'm suffering from i think a very bad computer vision syndrome because for i was i've been reading these this series of books for like the. Last three weeks and i just been binging them because they're like 42 in the series um hey there's uh renee from washington good to see you uh washington state or washington d.c renee um see gus gus says hey i was wondering if there was an easy way to use hypnosis to help put a one-year-old baby to sleep yes. But you're going to have to rely on rhythmic pacing or rhythmic tonalities a rhythmic tempo and you're going to have to use very soothing tonality. So if your tonality is like nails on a blackboard good luck getting that baby to sleep um where things like lullabies um work wonders because they give you that rhythm they give you that tone and they give you the the timing that entrains a child's neurology of course having good state control skills is going to be a massive massive amplifier to that um ivy says i'm having a hard time connecting to people on a pleasure level and with energy not sure what that block may be my.

First question ivy is has there ever been anyone in your family in previous generations your mom your dad your grandparents your aunts your uncles who had a similar problem because chances are that it didn't start with you and it's something that you picked up as part of the generational transmission of behavior patterns we get from from our descendants i'm doing a lot of research right. Now into the concept of generational trauma and what you describe it sounds to me textbook. Like a situation of an imprint from a previous generation coming across in in your particular um in your particular relationship. So i hope that helps you oh by the way the book.

To start with for that i was called it didn't start with you i'm probably i'll put that in the chat by mark wolin i'm going to be teaching a module um in a couple of weeks in dc to my uh my hypnotherapy class uh based on the teachings in that book. And we'll probably use that as a textbook. As well um because as a hypnotist as hypnotists and neurology programmers we actually have way better tools for dealing with this kind of work unfortunately we don't always have the best interview format to find them and i think what what bolin brings to the to the work more than anything else is he's got a beautiful interview process and what to look. For in people's response is and verbalizations that give you a really strong indicator of the analogical patterns that are people that are being perpetuated throughout your bloodline.

So i think the combination of that hypnotherapy techniques and the advanced energy psychology techniques that we do combine with his process of core questions core language things of that nature is going to be that one-two punch and especially for combining with face reading that really gives us the advantage as therapists to to knock this stuff out of your bloodline out of your gene pool and and get people back to healthy as soon as possible uh let me see here john pickowski says are there any books you recommend for learning influence or negotiation absolutely start with um [Music] never split the difference by chris voss and get any book. He recommends um our killer influence program is probably a great place to give you a foundation and i would definitely s once you've got a foundation in killer influence and a foundation in negotiation i would definitely look. Into um the the six minute x-ray by chase hughes uh which i believe is coming out on amazon very very shortly you guys to home study course as well that you can pick up at his website. But um what you need in negotiation skills is you need to understand the the inner game of it and the out redeem of it and i think those books will give you a very very solid foundation on inner and outer game that you can actually using the killer influence platform you can apply directly to your negotiation and mediation processes.

But banks didn't quite possibly yes. Multiple sclerosis has is a highly inflammatory uh based illness and bankston seems to work very very well on inflammatory based diseases. So if you can find somebody who's competent and trained in in the bankston system you have a good chance you have a very good chance um marcel hey david can you comment on the current development of the hypnosis community i feel like there are uh there are besides of your work no. Real improvements changes during the.

Last two decades well um at the risk of sounding arrogant um there haven't been a whole lot of of of things new on the block um certainly the hypnosis even even old school hypnosis has one of the highest success rates of all forms of psycho emotional interventions out there both for physical and emotional pain. So you know sometimes you don't need to work you know sometimes things don't improve as fast because there's not a lot of improvement to be made. But that that being said there's always there's always people that are innovating and finding new new twists and new approaches um you see i i hit the i hit the jump button and i missed i'm not sure if i'm answering that question quite the way marcel wanted me to do it um there hasn't it really to marcel it really depends on what you consider uh improvements and changes um certainly i my my inherent genetic lack of patience has inspired me to find faster easier more direct ways of doing things um. But i think there are some people out there who've got some some really cool insights know how things work i think ken gupta with his smoke cessation protocol uh is doing some really great work i don't know you know at the risk of tooting you know sounding like we're tuning our own horn we have some really really good inner interventions and reorganizations of things that have been around for a while.

But have never been put together in quite the way that we do um and. So far it's been yielding some pretty good results. So thank you on one side for recognizing the power of the technologies that we teach. But at the same time i don't wanna i don't wanna you know say my peers or colleagues or whatever um because there are some really good people out there they just have different approaches right.

And their ways do work. But when we compare when we compare the scope of change versus the amount of time to get that change as a rule what i've seen and i've consistently seen this is that our technology seemed to be ahead of the pack of that. But don't don't don't think for a minute that things like mindfulness and eft and all these other systems out there don't emdr or cbt don't have their validity um they're just a little bit less integrative i guess is a good way to say it right. I'm always looking for the bigger better way um and if you and and when it comes to those kinds of things if you if you can do something faster than i doing what you do.

Then i can again i'm using the editorial you of course if you can do something faster and better. Then i can doing what you do. Then i me doing what i do i'm gonna be in your seminar. Next right.

Um and uh and that's one of the reasons why i kind of like my colleague chase used. So much because he has spent 30 000 hours or whatever is um diving into the behavioral sciences from a with a budget that most of us couldn't match because he was funded by the military and everything i learned from chase goes right. Back into my systems and makes them better why because he's got some good stuff does he have everything we have no. But there's a lot of stuff that he brings to the table that makes what we do even better.

So that's kind of where i go from there. But. Anyway getting i i kind of went off on a squirrel there. But you know um i don't see as much as i would like i see what i do see a lot of and this marcel might be what you're referring to is i see a lot of rebranding of old stuff and um [Music] that's okay.

If you know again it's kind of like a caveat m to a buyer beware kind of a market right. But old school hypnosis works i still whip it out every now and. Then because uh sometimes when when there's no. School advice like old school you gotta you gotta do that and i spent a lot of time actually teaching my my protege students and my personal students uh a lot of things that come from old school because it stood the step the test of time.

So i hope that kind of answers your question um cyrus from brotherhood society says how can i ensure that my boss hires me for a higher position instead of hiring outside three things echo technique criterion values elicitation three magic questions if you use those three techniques um you should significantly you should significantly separate yourself from the pack and cement yourself emotionally in his mind as the ideal candidate and we have videos available on that we have webinars actually where i've talked about that content specifically for those applications. So i would highly recommend that you uh you look. Into that let's see okay. I would like to reach more intimate levels and states of being with the other person okay.

Once again i said that sounds to me like generational trauma if there's any history of sexual or romantic uh emotional abuse in your past it's probably a good idea to clean those things up and again there's ways to do that for us for ivy by the way groovy d tony hey tony um lord thompson says i haven't actually played dungeons dragons in probably 20 years boy that brings back memories a lot of my students still play was it was one of my my. First social outlets and and i miss it to this day okay. Let's see here golden j says well. First we have to get them to be vulnerable which is the building block of intimacy account must be directed at ivy uh naughty mom says hi from oceanside san diego hi naughty mom abu kamal says hi david from canada welcome any productivity hack turn off your cell phone turn off your internet that's probably the best i can give you uh that's by by far that's the biggest time sink in my life and i i guarantee if it's mine it's probably somebody else's too uh alvaro coroa says hey david hey everyone alvaro from is that rhode island ri c johnson says hey doc david thank you.

So much i'm. So excited to see i'm. So looking forward to meet you and learning from you i am. So excited to meet you as well and you know what i learned just as much from you guys out in the audience as i do from uh you know as you do from me and that's that's truly truly where my heart is at with that i was wondering how can i be good at conversational skills like flirting hey learn to enjoy the process have as much fun as humanly possible become as playful and curious about the other people as you can the three magic questions protocol and build in a state control that has a combination of higher energy level and a perceptible social status gap which comes from by the way from doing uh three magic questions.

So hopefully that answers your question there are a bunch of processes there that we do teach some of them are actually available for free on the youtube channel. So if you look. For them you can find them see here i was just going to say same thing about babies also it helps if you're not the baby's parents okay. How can i approach the resistance to approaching strangers especially when i find it difficult to just do it um there's a bunch of different things you can do i would start with self mastery supercharger or any of the identity by design techniques and.

Then if it's still available i would i would reach out to my friend joseph matthews at artofapproaching.com and get his techniques on approaching people i'll be doing a training by the way um in february on attraction and relationships we're probably going to call it like renegade renegade romance the art of social dynamics uh and we'll be talking about approaching and some other uh magic bullets that you can begin to use to supercharge your relationship. But one of one of the biggest problems people have is approach is approach skills and. So we'll be talking about those things both genders both women and men and we'll talk about the total dynamic and the dating map of what's going on out there in terms of interpersonal relationships um and. Then we'll build on that and give you a system that you can begin to apply that allows you to start meeting and approaching more people effectively.

So look. For we're not and by the way we're not advertising that on the website um anybody who's interested in the attraction mastery program i think it's a three or five day training call states stephanie at 858 282 34663 um if you're interested in that and she'll give you dates on that nicolas ruiz. So dna modifies behavior yep and behavior modifies dna it's a it's a it's a feedback loop all right. Uh reference um the work of dr bruce lipton and epigenetics for more information on that would hypnosis be great for creative writing 100 nicholas absolutely how deep into the world of david must i go to get such a smashing vest um this particular vest has an interesting story behind it there was a show on a few years back it was about um it was based on a world where a succubus there was a succubus i forget her and i forget what it was called now uh it wasn't bitten that was about werewolves there was another one.

Anyway there was a guy in there who was a werewolf and he always wore these really cool celtic vests and i fell in love with the vest style and. So i went on amazon and i started looking for knockoffs you know we have people sometimes recreate fashions from tv shows and stuff and i found this one and i bought it and it's in my it's in my heart my vibrational tone it works for me um. But i got it on amazon of all places believe it or not uh andrea glitter24 there's a great book. On how to properly influence people called fierce conversations oh interesting i'm gonna have to check that one out see what that's about okay.

For those of you who want hands-on training um come see me out come and see me in vegas in february let's see here uh cj says c johnson says should a student of nlp go to take golden path training or identity by design. First i will take identity by design. First uh and i'll tell you why um in our particular when i. First was training golden path i took.

Golden path twice and. Then i became trained as a facilitator in golden path and one of the things that was always and this is one of my biggest. First i love face reading by the way. So before anybody interprets what i'm saying is being negative uh let me just start off by saying i am head over heels as in love with face reading as i am with nlp and hypnosis energetic college and all the things i teach.

But one of my biggest frustrations because no. System is perfect one of my biggest frustrations with face reading was that it was purely diagnostic and what i mean by that is i could look. At somebody and i could know all kinds of things about them. But there was very little available in terms of fixing what you find in other words the per you could go to a facebook.

And they could tell you this and this and this and this and this and maybe if they helped you unpack a an issue around a particular marketing that that would change. But normally they would find more things than they would be able to fix in a session and. So you would be left with this laundry list of things about you that you maybe didn't like or wanted to change or you needed to be addressed. But you had to find somebody else to do that and sometimes if you've ever had this experience you go to a practitioner and they don't pay attention to what you say they're going to do what they think you need rather than paying attention to to what came out and.

So after after about a couple of years of of of going to face reading trainings and stuff like that i started integrating my therapeutic techniques into my face reading techniques. So i have this this course i call secrets of face reading and chinese medical hypnotherapy which is an integration of hypnosis skills how does that relate to golden path well the problem with golden path once again is you will come away from golden path with a life direction remember that golden path itself isn't about a job although it may include a job it's about a lifestyle and a life direction that integrates all the aspects that bring more of your spirit and more of your fulfillment into your body and as a result of that you live longer you get younger you start to have more more spontaneous lucky events it's just the way to lead it as close to a charmed life as humanly possible the problem is as you go through this golden path process and all these things come up you start to realize where your blocks are you start to realize where you went wrong or where you were traumatized into believing things about yourself that weren't true and you don't have again when you come out of the golden path you don't have the way to fix those things. But if you. But what we've done now is we started saying that hey if you want to come to our golden path training you have to have identity by design.

First because the. First few the. First couple days is nothing. But just finding your path and.

Then the. Last day is nothing. But knocking out the blocks and reprogramming and getting yourself back in to that golden path in terms of mind body heart soul spirit and it uses the identity by design techniques and variations of the identity by design techniques. So the short answer is take identity by design.

First. So you have the toolbox. So that when you find stuff that needs fixing you have the tools to fix it rather than having to go out get the tools and. Then come back and fix it right.

And because. Then if you're in the if you're in the room and we're walking you through these processes it's very easy for us to monitor you tweak things for you and give you extra help. So that's kind of how we do our golden path which is a three day instead of a two day which is traditionally taught and people say that that. Third day makes all the difference in the world we have a couple of people uh on the chat today who've been through those golden paths and and can speak to that.

So short answer um i wouldn't i wouldn't use any i wouldn't go to nlp. First i would go to face reading i would actually go to identity by design. Then i would go to golden path you don't need face reading training to go to golden path face reading is a training that utilize or a golden path is a train that utilizes face reading. But doesn't require you to know it for you to use it.

So i hope that helps andrea glitter says wouldn't you just have to get them vibing with you and you wouldn't know because some people are less willing to i'm not sure i understand the question andrea maybe you can ask it a little differently and that might help me answer you better peter todderoff says do you know the exact amount of ways to correctly influence people no. Because there is no. Exact amount of ways there are there are practically an infinite number of ways to access somebody's system ways we know about and ways we haven't figured we haven't realized yet there's channels of information that are purely non-verbal you know we're talking about you know talking about the four honest signals you've got authority you've got the influence channel you've got the mimicry channel you've got the activity level channel you've got the consistency channel these are completely they're completely non-verbal you have all the forms of hypnotic language out there you have the unconscious hello you have um you know um positive eye contact all the kinesics and proxemic interview levers that we teach in killer influence right. You have meta programs you have all these things and that's kind of one of the kind of the problem with a lot of this influence tools is that there's no.

Systematic approach that's what we do in killer influences we give you do this. Then do this. Then do this and do this and. Then as you master that core that core system you can add all the bells and pinstripes and modifications that you want based on what's easy for you.

So when you say that do i know the exact number no. I'm still finding new ways and i'm always prioritizing seeing what gives us the biggest return for the least amount of investment right. There are some really powerful techniques out there take a huge learning curve to learn and apply and there's a lot of little ones out there they're not it's not a big learning curve and you get an even bigger boost to your training and. So we prioritize based on how fast you can deploy it and the scope and and the time and the amount of time it takes to actually see a change and that's how we've designed our technologies.

So i hope that helps [Music] let's see here how to know if somebody's manipulating your subconscious mind with evil intent and what to do about it i find that there's a weird and invasive and vulnerable feeling behind it when it's done well jay that's one way it can be done certainly narcissists dark triads machiavellians things of sociopaths they're going to have those effects on you. But don't be surprised many times because some of the most powerful forms of manipulation actually involve pleasure. But it's not just pleasure what it is it's an oscillation between pleasure and pain right. And because your system is weighted more toward to respond adaptively to painful stimuli.

Then pleasure stimuli those are the things that tend to have the most psychological leverage on you okay. What am i doing workshops at my office not anytime soon pennsylvania california is becoming more and more of a lockdown state they've they've actually um limited us to like we can't even have we can't even have like people over for thanksgiving practically uh and that's why we've moved all of our live events to las vegas with the exception of the one coming up. Next week which is going to be in washington dc um. But uh.

But we still have live events and. So we're obviously we're alternating back and forth between virtual and live because we've built our reputation for helping people in a live format become absolutely unstoppable with these things and we're absolutely committed to that and we want you there. So if you're interested in coming to a live event you can always check our website nlpower.com and just click on the master calendar and see what we've got coming up or you can call stephanie 858 282-4663 and find out what's the latest she's always interested in hearing from you um. So philip lucas says i love reading oh wait i feel i love reading books you recommend like influence red gold et cetera what books are you doing now uh right.

Now the primary book. I'm focusing on uh in terms of the trainings i teach is it didn't start with you by mark wolin i think that's kind of the. Next number and i keep getting pulled back into uh energetics. So i think the.

Next place i'm going is going to be more into advanced manifestation and energetic techniques and manifesting techniques um. So for those of you who've been through my my killer influence classes or vibrational level one or head laws of attraction level one you can probably guess that there's going to be more energetic training coming out um probably 21 20 20 20 22 um because i'm always coming up with new stuff. So uh let's see here and a lot of it's not even new it's just me going through things finding out what works stuff that does using it to make my life better and. Then teaching anybody who wants to learn it um.

So they can help themselves and other people as well that's kind of my my process. So okay. I love how i'm typing in and watching through a friend ha ha okay. Thanks laura okay.

Um john petkowski do you know any books on learning how to be funny or the psychology of humor actually i do. But i don't have them in front of me right. Now john if you uh if you leave a comment in the chat section uh when this video goes to the to the lineup i'll look. Some up there's also one of my good friends uh tracy kanan who's a stand-up comedian gave me a couple of websites um that she was using to to to to polish up on her her stand up skills and uh i think those would be and tracy and tracy is funny she has got a whip that just will not quit um.

So i would recommend uh if i can find the names of those websites. Then i will absolutely patch them on because i think the ability to have humor and to be funny is absolutely one of the most powerful social skills that we can bring to bear especially now we people need it kenji says can you name some titles of good books to start on learning how to read and influence people uh actually kenji if you if you listen to the earlier part of this video i rattled off quite a few of them. But i guess i would start with uh never split the difference i would get the like switch by jack schwartz i would get uh forbidden keys of persuasion by blair warren uh and. Then i would follow up with maybe um our killer influence program actually i would start with our killer influence program.

But you asked about books. So i'm just going to name books um unlimited selling power by donald moyn would be useful uh and. Then i. Finally i think you would you might want to check out the six-minute x-ray by chase hughes when it comes out those would all be some very good books that would kind of give you a nucleus of things to focus on um [Music] credit master says man oh man you are awesome god bless you well thank you credit master thank you very much for that uh dave sun help to how to help people you care about from being emotionally manipulated by others ie guys trying to seduce a girlfriend posing to be a friend okay.

Well there's there's different roads to that uh it really depends on how invasive and sneaky you want to be dave um there's a book. Flags by wendy patrick and maybe maybe give it to your friend and have her read it if she's willing to usually i'll tell you right. Now when when you approach people directly and tell them that the person they want to see is just lying or using a manipulation they tend to get reacted on you and they cleave to that person they cling to that person much more strongly. So i would be very very careful how you bring this up um there's certain covert hypnosis ways that you can do things of course.

But that takes a certain skill set and a certain bell curve you could image cycle it if you know that that particular process which helps to manifest changes those are those are some ways. But again they all have a curve to them. So if you're looking for something quick and dirty um probably not not gonna find that uh short of just like clubbing the guy over the head throwing him in a dumpster somewhere and you know standing out with the garbage which i don't recommend i don't advocate violence of any kind. But if you want to get the guy out of it out of her life either got to present her with a bigger better option or expose this guy um for the kind of person he is or have her reach that conclusion unconsciously hint hint um [Music] i'll see you at the top isn't that by zig ziglar credit master good book.

See what top yeah uh cynthia holly nice energy training you are pro at that well i don't know if i'm a pro i can do some things um. But when you look. At the scope of of what's possible with energetics versus what i can actually do i feel like a [ __ ] most of the time. But thank you for the compliment i appreciate that um manifesting techniques are awesome to learn and yes.

There is a huge category of manifesting techniques available as well as advanced city skills if you know what that means siddhi that are available to the working alchemist the practitioner of her medics and things of that nature and well we're exploring those things. But by and large learning curve is based on the classes we've done before and we're going to actually restrict some of that access to a handful because it requires more hands-on attention and. So that's kind of how we're structuring things i just added a new level to my training style called the protege level the protege program which is a one-on-one mentoring program it's not cheap and it's really we're really only offering it to our platinum members um. But it allows it affords me the ability to spend personal time helping people through their [ __ ] clearing their stuff guiding them through advanced alchemical processes and things like that and it puts them on the instructor track.

So if they want to represent become an nlp power instructor um doing our stuff cpi killer influence things of that nature um. Then we'll mentor them on how to do that. So if anybody's interested in that you can always reach out to us or come to a live event where we talk about that fully. But in terms of going back to why and how it relates to energetics a lot of the things if you think about the to use a star wars reference there's uh a little bit of a mentor padawan relationship that kind of has to evolve um to get into the deeper levels of some of these things and that's one of the reasons why i haven't been teaching uh a lot of this a lot of the really like way out there stuff um a because most people don't have the foundations to be able to do them and c because it requires a little bit more skin in the game right.

It's not something you can just burn off of amazon and just burn out in the weekend it takes it takes some time and some training and some things of that nature and certainly i learned by doing. So this is as much gonna help me as it's gonna help my my padawans. So to speak. But um.

But trust that wherever whatever you have access to whatever you can afford to do that's where you're supposed to be um. So i don't know where why why that came out like that somebody needed to hear that i don't know who. But um let's see here uh manifest testing okay. Uh i'm a okay.

Pat smith at ron pagan can't see anything on youtube either or am i let misunderstanding take a look. Here no. I i can see my picture on youtube quite well. So i'm not sure what's going on with that let me scroll back down i apologize if i miss anybody's questions godfrey david says live with the legend you guys are funny really uh got this game thursday uh kenji is asking do you have some nice suggestions for books or writers on how to quickly and accurately read people and maybe manipulating you um i would start once again with um actually get wolf get get a book.

Called in sheep's clothing uh snakes in suits red flags and um character disturbance just google google snakes and suits uh character disturbance what was the. Last one i said i can't remember now oh red flags you take those books i think you're going to have a pretty good road map as to how to spot manipulation if you're not going to take a live training um certainly they're not you have to put all these things together yourself into your own approach. But these are the things that are gonna that i've used as resources um kenji says it just joined sorry not a problem genji we're glad you're here uh groovy says tracy and the twins not sure what's going on there susan says yay susan says don't kill him she will find some words can anyone pat says can anyone see my comment please tell me youtube isn't letting me watch videos hmm not sure what's going on there guys let's see here charlotte lee says this happened before i remember um from my perspective when i look. When i go to when i go up to to look.

At my my video everything's fine. So whatever's going on is probably on your maybe it's a laggy internet or something right. Sometimes that will happen i know that i've noticed that with skype when i would do sessions if the bandwidth was skype would turn off our video [Music] preserve the connection some audio would keep going that might be there might be something like that going on with um or changed or modified their software or whatever um bret elias says dig the aesthetic today dr d well thank you brett i'm glad you like it this is actually more what i like uh it's just harder to find these kinds of things and it's kind of a it's a little bit on the it's a little bit too butch sometimes uh for a therapeutic context or or something like that um. But um you know i like all my looks.

But i don't get a chance to wear these as often as i would like. So i'm kind of i'm kind of in that mood today right. Matthew says picture with no. Audio please respond we are here matt just uh i'm not sure what's going on with your end because i'm not seeing any i'm not getting any prompts of any kind that's say uh let's say we have low bandwidth or what have you.

So all right. What other questions you got for me i've got i've got a little bit more time before the kid let's come home oh by the way those of you who are platinum members just putting this out there i'm thinking about uh if i can if i can block off enough time of doing our private ask me anything session or three hour ask me anything session on uh sunday on november i think it's november 14th just double check that really quick no. It's november 15th i'm not sure time yet um. But if if people are okay.

With that i'd like to do that before i head off to dc because i don't know what my schedule's gonna be like once i hit dc jeff says no. Video no. Audio tried laptop not sure what's going on guys i it's got to be an internet thing that's all i can tell you oh uh ivy says i'm planning to be oh are you diamond member here on youtube excellent thank you look. Forward ivy working with you and by the way uh in case you were wondering um the.

Next uh diamond mastermind is this saturday november 13 2020 at 11 am pacific 24 pm pacific. So if you want to participate [Music] i would go ahead and and if you haven't upgraded from platinum to diamond you might want to do that if you want to participate this weekend if not that's fine i just want to let you know we're having because i'm doing i'm because of my training schedule in washington dc this month um i have to move things up and um the way it started i'll just put this out there again this isn't a scarcity tactic. But i'm starting to notice we have. So many people we're starting to get.

So many people in the diamond level now um that it's starting to impact my ability to integrate and get to everybody's stuff unless there's a significant amount of overlap. So i'm toying with the idea of limiting the uh the number of people we can take for diamond level um in the near future i haven't made a final decision yet. But uh for those of you who want to get grandfathered in. So to speak um you might want to go ahead and and and jump if you want the hands on if you don't want the hands-on training that's fine you're not going to get a certificate from it all you're going to do is get an answer to your biggest question and the ability to actually practice the skills that allow you to get your result um plus you get to hang out with some really cool people doing a lot of cool stuff.

But if that's not something that that that resonates with you stay with whatever level that you're at. But um what i'm seeing now in order to keep the quality of the instruction for the people in the diamond in the mastermind group uh and the integrity of the group i need to start i probably start to need to limit um limit how many people i lit in okay. So laura thompson says i was just on the down detector youtube has an issue yes. That's what i figured it.

So guys i apologize if you're having trouble it's not us laura just told me and laura's our little tech a little hiding tech guru um she did a check it's something going on with youtube uh let me see what your question was brit and i will scroll up here if i can um usually when i read when i when i when i post this to the group or to the to the channel i usually include the chat logs with it. So if your question if i if i heard your question and i answered it you'll be able to hear it um let me see here honest panda live i bet global censorship because i've all the possible notifications on for dr david none of them told me that david is live hmm maybe i'm persona non grata on youtube right. I don't know maybe um maybe i'm maybe i'm considered a subversive what do you think brick t hi david can you sing with animals dogs catches there like you stink with people with a trained nervous system yes. You can in fact the research that proved you could do it with humans was done with animals specifically dogs and horses.

So if you go to heartmath.org they have a free ebook. That you can download go to chapter six of that free ebook. And you'll have all the studies right. There.

So yes. It's absolutely 100 possible in fact a lot of horse whisperers actively do this oh brandon says youtube is down it's not just his live don't worry if for some reason something gets screwed up with the youtube copy of this video i'm streaming through zoom. So i can upload the unfettered undoctored unvarnished version of this. So that you guys can get the full thing right.

And by the way if for some reason and this is i always say this if for some reason your question goes by multiple times and i don't answer it when this video gets posted to the youtube channel go to the comments section for this video ask your question because i always go back and review the comments multiple times a day and for comments on live events like this i always try to answer the questions as best i can. So if you if i for some reason i miss your question don't worry if you just go to the comments section not the chat you can keep posting it in the chat and hope i get to it. But if you want us if you want an answer for the question add your question to the comments section that will be below this video when it goes uh when it goes full non-live. But available on youtube and you'll and i'll answer it for you it may take a little bit longer for me to get to it.

But i will answer it laurie said laura ari arima says oh man i'm in the i can't get the video in the middle of the tropical storm oh [ __ ] laura laura stay safe out there okay. Right. You can watch the video anytime right. Matthew smith yep i can't get anything on youtube now midwest oklahoma arkansas kansas matthew i used to live right.

In norman oklahoma i'm a graduate of osu i'm a sooner not a sooner a poke sorry i always get them confused because i literally i went to osu. But i literally lived two blocks from the oklahoma city oklahoma university campus. So right. On norman uh let's see here ron paul gullion says how do you tap into a energy field if you can't physically see them you imagine them and.

Then you wait for the bluetooth synchronization to take place sundancer says same east coast tj says. So many people are these days david yep tj says wait a minute i missed a piece that too passing tourist a teacher says i'd like to manifest stopping the cashless society and high-tech totalism that seems to be barreling towards us tj i would agree with you here's the thing here at the risk of of alienating some people we have as human beings we have two battling sides of us and what i mean by that is there's a part of us that yearns for freedom for personal autonomy and a lot of us believe a lot of humans believe that that is in fact the highest drive that we have besides survival that we have this need to be free. However behavioral researchers and and propaganda experts understand needs a little bit differently and this is the battle that's going on in the world right. Now on a you know this is again a very the strongest drive to be taken care of now they're you know the drive for freedom and self-actualization and survival are neck and neck.

But that need that drive to be taken care of is what moves us to try and become more social become more of a integrated society where one hand watches the other and people communicate and unfortunately people have learned how to hijack that drive they've learned how to co-op that in that inherent drive within us to be taken care of and apply an ideology to it or a methodology they know how to press those fear buttons and those drive and all those reptilian-based um drives that move us towards fear and need survival and to be taken care of and. So a lot of people with totalitarian agendas not have that have that agenda that's that's the button they're gonna press right. Um. But that's.

But here's the here's the ugly truth about that my friends and that is that those needs and those those types of people those types of agencies and organizations and groups have been with us and doing this since man crawled out of the ocean it is nothing new and. So what's incumbent upon us as self-evolving human beings is we must develop the awareness and the perceptive abilities and. Then the will to recognize when these things are being applied to us and to make an informed choice as to what to do about it my job isn't to say socialism is bad or capitalism is good or trump didn't it's not my job my job is to say figure out who you are know what's being done to you and decide which types of influence you're willing to allow yourself to be moved by because you're going to be influenced regardless of whether you think you can be or not there's too much out there there's too many there's too much leverage your job isn't not necessarily just to resist the influence it's to manage it to navigate dreams and the out and the currents that come your way and to thrive to adapt and change uh. So i hope at the risk of you know maybe pissing some people off which is always possible because i don't claim to be politically correct uh to me it's all just a game of influence right.

You know my reminder that old kansas video the game where the two people playing chat the two agent good and evil playing chess or life and death playing chess that's all it is and you're the you're unfortunately you're the you're the men on the chess board women on the chessboard. So become self-actualizing in that respect become the captain of your own ship and decide whose ideology works best for you and. Then create your own version of that ideology and stick to it okay. Uh i wanna.

So i hope that helps if not delete it can i get a zoom link again you um i don't know if i do you guys really wanna zoom link uh hold on a. Second let me see if i can find one um actually this might work all right. If you guys want a zoom invitation um [Music] i'll give you guys a zoom invitation i'm not going to stay on much longer though okay. I gotta shrink down the link oops hold on a.

Second there you go i wasn't expecting people to want to jump on zoom. But okay. Here we go there's the link guys if you want to jump into the zoom chat you're more than welcome to do that let's see here it's easy with horses good heart says yep tj the right. Speaker works now uh okay.

Just got spotty video and audio back people are reporting all over the world that youtube is down we might be headed into those 10 days of darkness how do we find our needs ooh very good question. First place i would start with is maslow's pyramid. Then i would look. At your own criterion values and.

Then i would look. At chase used as hierarchy of human needs and organize them that way let's see here [Music] roy prasad thank you for all of your mentoring i would like to help police officers in lowering stress and anxiety is this approach doable any recommendations roy it's 100 doable start with identity by design get the training there and. Then uh work into real world trauma resolution and you'll be able to uh help those police officers significantly all right. So people want to come in i'm people are starting to find me on zoom i wasn't really planning on that.

But hey okay. People want to do that let's see here uh cynthia says can i say hold on a. Second youtube is down i thought we were just youtubing it was just me nope youtube ain't okay. People are reporting youtube down all over politics and religion are all in the same idols before god yep israel can you please turn it back on shalom oh welcome wait wait wait it's something that knew that can provide new okay.

I'm not sure about that are there any books on the primal brain i could use to learn about um not really sure what books i'd recommend off the top of my head hold on a. Second there's a bunch of people coming into the chats. So i gotta again i wasn't i was just gonna pop on for a brief chat. But youtube is down um.

But you're all. So you're not seeing my video. But you are seeing my chat i'm assuming right. All right.

For those of you who are on on with me on zoom you can type things in the chat. But i've disabled the ability to me to unmute yourselves just to make sure that um that i don't get distracted or we don't get into these long conversations and other people miss their questions uh let's see close that out all right. Can you all still see me for those of you who want to jump on the zoom with me here's the link again ron pagulian says asks what is the best state control position you can use for persuasion while sitting like in a business meeting whatever position the report leader is in gonna be the strongest one ron um i think youtube is having issues yes. It's quite obvious someone let me in zoom uh that's honest panda oh people are starting to pick it up uh let's see here uh robie's asked can you sync with animals and dogs uh robia i answered that yes.

You absolutely can 100 100 percent okay. Moving on casper anderson trump tube what's that about um cj says i see you doc okay. All right. Anybody else have any any questions anything else i can answer cj says you're doing great doc thanks guys appreciate it any chatters there i only got i only have one question in the chat here on zoom.

So here you go this is for honest panda who's asking for a zoom link i've posted it three times let's see here kathleen how to help people who've been gaslighted to the point of not trusting themselves or being able to discern well. First thing i would do is regress to cause and. Then i would run them through the identity by design silo because people you gotta understand that people who have been gaslighted a lot have almost no. Sense of scope they have no.

Sense of um perspective that that ability to trust in themselves has been. So eroded that they they rely on the judgment of an external source to know what's right. And what's not and. So you need to you need to clear the trauma that's been induced which is usually some form of regression and.

Then you need to build stronger inner game stronger ego boundaries and the identity by design processes are custom made for that kind of work. So if you're coming to identity by design. Next week you're going to have the exact tools that you need especially if we start focusing on some of the generational trauma stuff sean says how can i create a sphere of influence you have to master the bridging drills that we teach in cpi uh imagine uh have a desire to connect test that you've got the connection make a big ball of energy around you wrap it around the other person like a big warm hug amplify it set it and forget it that's how you do it um oh apparently i thought i turned off the waiting room function i did turn off the waiting room. But apparently there's a delay or something.

Anyway would generational trauma also help on past life yes. Generational trauma is a form of past life trauma uh it's an it's it's close it's a very close analog uh and i've see i've actually seen uh um the genetic proof of this in in some of my. So. So cj says my daughter is 22 months old seemingly at the moment learning everything on a show one time basis what would you suggest i do to keep her on this path and amplify it.

Later in her development reward uh reward her achievements clean up your own [ __ ] cj c johnson best thing you can do ivy says can we work with state control a small bit uh in a chat format it's not as it's not as useful as i would like um. But if you understand it. But if you reference power poses by amy cuddy and. Then reference mind control the latest video i posted mind control skills empathic superpowers you'll get a pretty good understanding of how that works cynthia is asking did you get my image cycling good video uh any of the the uh vibrational alchemy videos any of the mastermind videos uh any of the hidden laws of attraction videos will have a segment on on on image cycling ivy saying are you going to save and upload this live to youtube i want to watch and review yes.

If it's not already there in good in a good format when i finish. Then i will take the base the the zoom copy of the video and i will upload that instead uh let's see here do you have any recommendations on a crisis of faith i'm not sure how to reconcile what i believe with what i know to be true well if what you know to be true is different than what you believe which one's the truth i default to truth it's not about necessarily uh a crisis of faith it's just understanding that you've coded something in such a way that it's harder for you to remove. So what you might want to do is take those things you know to be true and recode them at the same in the same process as the beliefs you used to have and. Then take the code of the beliefs you used to have and turn them into some into the code of a weaker belief we have actually one of the webinars um mental training secrets for success we actually walk people through that process in the.

Second half of the video. So if you have beliefs or a conundrum like that and you want to remove it that's how you do it right. Um it's just chakras at work here not sure what that means is anything martial arts taught you about learning or how josh pachowski says is there anything martial arts taught you about learning or how to learn most efficiently yes. You can learn anything if you become intensely curious playful and chunk it down small enough you just have to make the pieces smaller and smaller until they're simple easy and it's fun for you all right.

And that's something that is uniquely individual okay. Uh jeff patches can i post a zoom link of course i can um concerning creating energy spheres all i notice is that my mind environment changing that it kind of wet and drippy with them okay. Matthew i'm not sure what you're getting at there i'm gonna have to re-ask that question um cynthia if you're i don't know if you're in um i'm going to just copy this whole thing ron paguleon was caught was kind enough to actually find you a video where i'm doing image cycling. So here's that video from ron all right.

Let me see we're at anybody else. So shawn delaney says i've completed watching cpi 1 and 3 identity by design hidden laws of attraction and several others i was interested in the golden path training. But i want to be in person if i go to the las vegas identity by design could i get certified in hypnosis yes. If you go to las vegas for identity by design you can get certified in hypnosis we took.

A vote and we decided to make golden path a virtual training we've been very successful doing golden path online um um. But again if you want to hold out till we're ready to do another live one you're more than welcome to do that sean. But i would definitely if you want to get on your golden path faster i will jump into the identity by design training. Next week if it's available for you and.

Then do golden path in january ron says which is the best state control position you can use to persuade water sitting. But ron i answered this question for you. But i'll say it again it's whatever it's whatever posture and breathing pattern the person you're seeking to influence is holding okay. Um the more like them you become the more likely they are to do what you want them to do okay.

See johnson says all right. Hold on a. Second see john says i've been practicing my coochie killing in the morning and my mood just before bed excellent. So cj how is that work for you what are you noticing or discovering as you go deeper into the process ivy how do we identify our needs and values start with maslow's pyramid.

Then cross reference that um to your own criteria and values for the context in which you want to focus and. Then cross reference that with chase uses hierarchy of needs and i think you'll come away with a pretty good map of what makes you tick see johnson i've already noticed a difference before putting my full awareness into each step is there nuggets of insight you can offer just keep cycling uh i don't know i don't know cj are you doing my version of the coochie are you did you learn your kuji from someone else uh brit ellia can you give some recommendations and guidance for dealing with narcissists specifically in a divorce ooh brick did you see the. Last two uh platinum member videos i did which were all about dealing with narcissists liars and other a and other predatory a-holes that is exactly the content you need to look. Up if you're not a a platinum member i would i would join the platinum level and just go back and watch those two videos there were two very special um courses that i put together for our platinum and diamond members and that's exactly the kind of stuff that i think you're looking for tailor fit to what you're doing okay.

Um also reference the books i mentioned earlier uh in sheep's clothing snakes and suits red flags okay. Romeo you've asked me this question multiple times and i've said can you sync with animals and dogs like you sync with people with a trained nervous system yes. You can i'm i'm gonna just type this in yes. You can this is the.

Third time i've answered it okay. Uh actually no. Brit got it okay. Good good okay.

Let's see here okay. Uh austria rahul says to everyone david during the pandemic what can i practice in terms of not being able to meet people. But practicing state controller what would you recommend i have irregular influence in cpi and attractivity austria if you have killer influence in cpi you have the exact drills you need okay. You have the exact drills you need to develop very very powerful connections in people to banish fear from your life become more playful outgoing and curious and charismatic you have everything you need just do those okay.

[Music] could you give recommendation guide that got that one. But it says i didn't i'm not a platinum member probably should be absolutely okay. Um go to um how many of you want uh are interested in our platinum or diamond levels if you're interested in the platinum or diamond levels type it in the chat and what i'll do is i'll post a link for you if you don't know where to go go ahead and type that in because i'm not gonna i'm not gonna bother looking it up if you guys aren't interested no. Worries robia i'm used to getting asked the same question multiple times it's all right.

Okay. Okay. Brit's obviously interested okay. Anybody else anybody else want to know about how to get into the diamond or platinum levels allegra says in already all right.

Hold on let me see if i can find a link for you guys this is probably the least amount of people i've ever had on a live it must be because youtube is down i've got i got 21 people in zoom okay. Um how high are david's children's iqs i'm not sure hold on a. Second let me find that link for you guys let me see if i can find it really quick i gotta do a lot of clicking to get there. So hold just bear with me.

So i think in order to get to it you've gotta go you know what now i think about it you may not be able to find it without help. So hold on a. Second i used to think you could just go to the community tab and grab it. But actually that might not be the case membership links okay.

Okay. So once again let me see if i can find you oops where'd you guys go there you are here's the link for those of you who want to upgrade to the platinum or diamond level i'll put this in the zoom chat as well there's a lot of good stuff in that level all right. I got a little bit more time what other questions you got. So austria has a weird question during any hypnotic induction usually after a busy day i can directly get to installing new traits or should i can i directly get to installing a trainer should i do a general negativity and magic frame.

First and how necessary is that if you follow old school old school approaches you don't need to do it if you follow the world according to david i would absolutely 100 do a general negativity clearing before i start installing or amplifying trades it's just good medicine okay. It's just good medicine. So hold on a. Second a lot of people are private messaging um could you explain the tell me technique yes.

Uh the tell me technique is a very simple one uh. But it should not be confused with the tell me game that is taught by mark cunningham uh in the tell me game taught by mark cunningham uh what he's doing it's it's a a mental conditioning exercise for creating submissives or personal slaves and. So what it does is and in the tell me game um he might say something like tell me how much you love what i do to you and. Then the person would tell them would tell the hypnotist how much they love what they do and it would just go back and forth like that okay.

The tell me technique is different the tummy technique is designed as a way for you to take somebody's internal temperature as to the degree of change you've created and what degree of change has been generalized into their future. So what happens in the tell me again to tell me technique what we do is we have a person go into a future time look. Around listen feel smell and taste and have them tell you what they find when they get there this is different than what we call a hypnosis or nlp future pacing where we we create a mental movie and we imagine it in the future that's not what's going on here with the tell me technique we project them into the future that's already set and they tell us what they find and the act of them telling us what they find locks in that level of change. So it's the projective path into your future that the unconscious mind creates based on the cleanup you've done in your past.

So that's that's the tell me technique okay. And it's an integrated part of both our general change work silo and the identity by design well actually it's more in the general change or excel. But it can also be used in the um in the identity by design silo okay. So let's go back to youtube is it possible to have a language of influence that is non-verbal john pachowski one thousand percent in fact most of your language most of your influence language is non-verbal and if you come to cpi or killer influence you will get a deep dive into those non-verbal channels um let's see here good morning from india good morning sir um youtube is up okay.

Good good i don't know how many people are actually on youtube with me right. Now a bunch of us in uh robio's asking me a romeo you might want to stop direct messaging me and ask it in the chat. So everybody can benefit from the question are past lives really do you tap into some collective of consciousness and experience other memories i don't know what i'm talking about the answer to your question robio is d they're all real they're all they as far as the unconscious mind is concerned as far as the autonomic nervous system is concerned they're all equally real regardless of the path that that particular set of memories came through to get to you the neurology processes processes every single one of them as if they're 100 concrete and real right. And.

So that gives us as hypnotists and neuro linguistic program programmers and energy psychotherapists tremendous power and leverage to create to change anything sean delaney says thank you i've been trying to ask the right. Questions with my subconscious is are there is there better questions to ask to gain right. Insight through dialogue with the subconscious mind absolutely i think there are better questions. But i don't know what questions you're asking.

So i don't know what right. Questions what better questions would be for you john p says i don't know much about all of your products david what is the difference between killer influence and cpi great question and um i get this quite often because when we talk about human influence i'll get back to our youtubers in just a minute. But when we talk about human influence it comes in two varieties verbal and nonverbal cpi and killer influence both start in the same place they start with what we call the universal persuasion protocol this was a system that i developed for me back in my darth snyder days that allowed me to exert massive influence in any social situation any business situation any scholastic or professional situation uh it's fast it's effective you can use it in the bar room the boardroom the therapy room the courtroom the bedroom chase hughes has even used it in the interrogation room okay. And it's a very simple formula that you follow that allows you to leverage very powerful linguistic and non-verbal influence anywhere you go.

So cpi and killer influence both start there. However see the cp the cpi layers that follow cpi2 cpi3 cpi4 and even cpi5 when it comes out are all about language-based influence in other words how you say things what you say when you say it. So everything if you want to go deeper into the power of language. Then you need to focus on the cpi track killer influence starts with cpi because language is a fundamental part of our communication and it's like the thread that connects every other aspect.

But cpr killer influence takes you into this scope of non-verbal hypnotic operators things in the environment in behavior things in how the clothing that you wear uh that teaches you how to psychologically position yourself in the minds of your listeners or your subjects to strategically influence them without necessarily relying just on language because there will be many places where the ability to use subtle languaging won't be available to you. But you have extreme leverage in the ability of the way how you manipulate the environment the clothing that you wear how you profile people and understand their body language how you come in on non-verbal channels what sides you should stand on to have the most influence where to position them at the negotiation table. So you generate the most authority how to detect lies and detection and how to generate massive authority in people how to generate massive attraction in people how to radiate attraction um all of these things are taught in the killer influence process that's again starts from that cpi one which is that universal persuasion protocol. But.

Then expands your scope of influence into everything that is not linguistically based when you combine them you get a hole that's greater than the sum of the parts. But again the emphasis is is it it starts with language and. Then goes in very different directions. So i hope that answers your question about killer influence in cpi okay.

Let's see here would stems be a good place i don't know that's um laura's asking would stems be a good place for sean to start i don't know it's possible the the questions and stems are pretty generic um if we knew more about the context in which he was operating um we could probably give him a better answer. But it might be uh allegra says i've been getting a lot of visual knowing messages between wake and sleep what can i do to enhance that let your unconscious mind know that you want more of it send it love and gratitude and appreciation for the messages that it is sending you remember that the behavior that gets rewarded gets reinforced another question love from india by the way i have your kill okay. We've asked that question wait a minute according to you i should approach it learning your beautiful videos there's a gold in every sentence i usually tend to write word by word in my book. Okay.

That answers my question thank you why do our minds love repetition. So much you'd have to ask god um i honestly don't know that's that's something that's just because it's adaptive it's evolutionarily useful right. Um i've been trying to figure out which which figures to install with magic circle well again who do you want to be like who do you want to resonate with that's what it comes down to when it comes to magic circle and remember everything is changeable anything the mind creates the mind can change you chants or mantras have a spiritual effect by itself without you giving them a meaning no. Um and i'll explain that because it's not exactly true um i think if you're going to choose a mantra that you already have a meaning or an intention behind it and and that meaning or intention will modify the effect the vibrational effect of the mantra along the lines of your intention.

But mantras by themselves do very little unless there's an intention and a meaning of scientist that you assign you don't have to you don't have to it's the meaning you assign to a mantra that's going to have the most impact all vibration aside. So i hope nobody gets the wrong idea by that can you hypnotize a deaf person 100 how does the hypnotic language transition to other languages mostly very well okay. Let's go back to uh some of our youtubers john pachowski tatsuki asks how do we get someone who's not very talkative to be very talkative echo technique and have them talk about things they love see here lovebird says i am from california cool florida laughing my ass off all right. Uh let's see sean delaney says if you wanted a specific idea would i have to create a person to step into for the thought form or would there be some other construct you could create your own easily easily you could create your own um.

But any characterization would do even a book. Character can be can work okay. The the the avatars that you use believe it or not don't have to exist in real life that's the beauty of your neurology is as long as you can conceive of it your neurology will manifest um a facsimile that you can work with no. Guys for those of you who are having trouble on youtube it's it's the platform itself yeah something's going on with youtube today not sure if it's a veteran's day thing not sure if there's some kind of hacking thing going on um.

But uh yeah i apologize i don't i mean censorship is an issue. But i think we're a little ways away from you know soviet level government controlled media we're moving that way for sure. But let's see here i don't know this austria most australia says i know most of the people i live with speak in hindi how does the language transition to other languages i don't know the structure of the hindi language. So i don't know exactly how certain patterns would translate.

But by and large in most languages i've seen including chinese the majority of the patterns will translate it's a purely vibrational process um. But when you do when you say the word om robio there's an intention in there to align with the the base harmonic of the universe. So i think what's more important with them there is a vibrational component to the mantra. But if your intention isn't all in alignment with the mantra you're going to negate it.

So when you learn a mantra there's an intention that fuels it and it's the intention that i think is actually more important than the vibe than the mantra itself. However if you can have an intention that's in alignment with the native harmonic of the mantra you may get an amplified effect and again that's just my opinion there's many many sources out there kabbalah does it yoga the vedics do it that they say just knowing the syllables will create an effect probably will the question is how long will it take for that effect to manifest and that's usually the case where you don't have a lot of information to connect the mudra to the archetype that you're trying to channel right. We live in a vibrational universe. So if we can match the vibrational harmonic of something we will become like it.

But if we don't know what the heart what the attributes of that vibrational harmonic are we can't recognize that we're getting it right. So the more we know about our mantra the more likely we are to get an effect and the more likely we are to get the effect we want faster is there a way to strengthen the magnet ball-bearing technique that you teach for yes. Do it a lot practice it just like qigong practice it just like qigong now seriously that's how i got good at qigong i actually came across that stupid technique when i was in my early 20s believe it or not and i started being able to do things really really quick and i never connected that stupid ball bearing technique to the fact that i could move energy. So easily right.

And it's taken me 30 years to reverse engineer and figure out why that was true. So you know i give it to you i share it with you use it and do your best not to blow yourselves up if you don't know what the ball bearing technique is get cpi one or killer influence or vibrational influence and you can learn it okay. The questions are starting to flow really quick now. So let me jump back to youtube for people um it's crazy how much we rely on youtube 100 in case you guys didn't know it youtube is the.

Second largest search engine in the world right. And that's why i spend a lot of time here i don't spend a lot of time on google itself because everybody's trying to be. First place on google um this is where my my people are. So this is where i come [Music] um montana 23 degrees ew.

So basically to get someone to talk we just get to talk about what they value and mirror echo them when they yes. John that's exactly right. Now let's see ivy says i can channel any character it's interesting and it gets super detailed i guess i'm not i'm good at dissociation okay. That doesn't sound like a question ivy.

But okay. Exactly uh there is no. Cpi6 john there's four there's four cpis and i'm planning on doing a five cpi one hold on leave me you know what let me type this in my notepad and. Then i'll post it in both chicas this cpi1 is the universal persuasion protocol cpi2 is all about neuroscience of story and metaphor cpi3 is called renegade reframing and it's all about overcoming objections resistance to change a resistance to influence and conversational belief change instant conversational belief change it's one of the most powerful modules cpi4 is all about hypnotic presentation skills how to do this stuff from the stage you can't get into cpi two three or four without having cpi one.

So make sure that you get that whether you or if you have killer influence you can come to the cpi's let me cut and paste this for you guys hold on a. Second why is that not coming through did we lose our oh it's too many language too many letters there you go allegra asked i think i've cleared a lot of stuff. But stuff comes up and i'm thinking it's this generational thing can i practice clearing out my owner is that better done with another i would say it's you're better off starting with somebody guiding you through the process and. Then once you're comfortable with it.

Then you can do it more on your own which is how i always recommend people start things they haven't done before don't go to the book. And. Then try to mumble your way through it get with somebody who's who's experienced in these things get walked through the process get a grip on the process and. Then apply the process to yourself when you're at home sean delaney says i'm confused on kinesthetic report i still don't know when i've got it mostly i'm trying to induce attraction women you don't try to induce attraction in women go for the kinesthetic sensation and let you know you've created a bridge between you and that person and.

Then feel good be playful and go and generate attraction by making them have a good time in your presence hi david what about how leonardo da vinci nicholas nicola tesla et cetera tapped into some consciousness and reveal. So much what do you know and how can we do something similar i don't understand that question i don't know how they did it guys see here okay. Let's see here okay. Let's see see looks like wilhelm reich wrote a book.

Called mass psychology of fasting in short the lack of good sex causes fascism hmm i don't think i've ever read that one maybe i should read it uh let's see how do we get people who want to feel heard listen to by a large john you're gonna have to bite the bullet on that one uh if you want people to feel hurt and listen to you've got to give them what they need in order to recognize that they're being heard and listened to that's usually the echo technique tips for lucid dreaming don't have any find somebody trained as a lucid dreaming facilitator and go there i have um in my in my books on dallas magic and and alchemy and things of that nature i actually have some some chapters on lucid dreaming and how it's induced and what to do and those things. But i haven't been practicing those. So i really don't feel confident or confident giving you instructions on them when i've gotten to those levels and i've been through them and i can do them very very well i'll be happy to share that information as people want it. So i would look.

For someone who actually focuses and specializes in lucid dreaming and learn how to do it from them um karen says besides anybody's not what else do i need to prepare for golden pat that's all you need karen once you have golden path or what you have identity by design um you're ready for what golden whatever golden path throws at you. So you'll be good to go austria says for rape traumas would any of your courses do for them uh to self-work or if i work with them okay. If you for those of you who want to do trauma work who want to work with rape trauma post-traumatic stress war trauma whatever the uh pardon me the optic the optimal training funnel for you to follow is to start with identity by design now we've got one coming up. Next week if we want to do it at the.

Last minute we've also got one coming up at the end of january um in las vegas if you guys want to come and do that. But you got to start if you're going to do it my way you got to start with identity by design. Then you transition into regression and real world trauma resolution and. Then if you want you can either take a side order of cpi if you want to brush up on your languaging or you jump into nlp.

But for the most part identity by design real world trauma resolution and regression and. Then if you want to do vibrational influence those would be the big three if you want to do the trauma the approach to trauma work that i do that would be where i would go. So i hope that helps let's go back to our youtubers in chat here commenting machine says sir big fan cool um oh you're talking something about edgar cayce jeff uh jeff hartman says are asked have you any opinions on edgar cayce using trans to connect with people back in the late 1800s and give a medical diagnosis and recommend treatment using castor oil packs in a lot of these cases i don't i have a lot of respect for casey's work i do not have a lot of background on edgar cayce. However uh one of my proxy mentors one of the guys i used to work i've studied intensely was a man named dr john launcher and lanterette spent a huge amount of time uh researching casey's work.

So i would either reference casey's work directly or i would reference dr la tourette's work and and maybe somebody else who uh who's focused on that i have uh i think the guy was legit obviously um and some of the things that i've heard from casey i actually agree with other things i'm a little dubious about um. But my my basic litmus test is does it work and specifically does it work for you if something somebody says works for you hold on to it utilize it until it stops working if it doesn't work move on and find something that does right. My techniques were really well for me they work really well really well for a lot of people some people don't resonate with the things i do or the way i do them or the attitude i bring to the work and if that's and that's okay. Because there's more ways to do it there's always another way right.

So just my idea let's see here i think youtube is working now does cpi 2 go over how to tell good stories yes. Uh it also tells you how to build them and and one of the reasons that we talk about how to build them is because there are certain elements that you must build into a story for it to be neurologically compelling now i'm not talking about story structure in terms of like the hero's journey or say if you were going to like a um a class on writing that's not what we're talking about we're talking about conversational storytelling and how to build and engineer stories that neurologically prime people to do what you want them to do that change their attitudes beliefs and opinions in the background. So uh and it's done for pro in the context of being persuasively entertainingly persuasive which is what we're going for in cpi too. But it presupposes you have a thorough uh grounding and working knowledge of the of the basics of cpi one okay.

Um muu9 says uh i think i asked you this before can you recommend books on culty programming i would start with a book. Called snapping and combating cult mind control i think i think that's by steve hassan h-a-s-a-n and um if you get steve hassan's book. Combining cult mind control in that book. There are links and references to a bunch of different organizations that are focused on rescuing people from cults you may find in his bibliography in his index a a huge wealth of uh other references that you can follow okay.

Let's see here was edgar casey accessing the akashic records jeff i don't know i i can imagine he might be it depends on what the akashic record if you mean the collective unconscious maybe uh was there something higher that you could access like the akashic plane possibly the mental plane possibly no. Way to know all we do know is that in a lot of cases his information was accurate and that's all we really can know everything else is going to be up to your own sense of what you're willing to believe and what you're not willing to believe let's see here going back to our zoomers um how do you improve concentration and not have adhd well you need exercises for that robion fascism is bad oh my god john p i need that i know someone who wants to rant and have me grovel and beg and agree how terrible i am to feel hurt okay. David do you believe in aliens of course i believe in aliens i'm 30 miles from mexico let's see here what are your thoughts on sigils um i think quite a bit about sigils i think they're very powerful if you understand them and you know the and if you understand the underlying mechanics that make your sigils work they can be extremely powerful how much is cpi one and two uh they're usually any uh if you get the early bird they're usually about 14 14 97 for the early bird 1950 at the door each every now and. Then we do a little combo package where we offer one and two together for a slightly reduced price uh i would i would check out the website or call stephanie at 858 282 4663 if you're interested in those kinds of things okay.

Let's go back to our youtubers uh i love a good bibliography yep alejandro ashingham says thank you for all your videos david they've helped a lot you're very welcome alejandro uh r jones blackwood says akashic records how do i access those mostly through meditation um i love jordan peterson i think he is awesome i think he's awesome he's a little bit on the aspie side a little bit. But um. But yeah i think he's brilliant and he represents the idea of not allowing your emotions to dictate your perspective all right. I got that from scott salmon who has a brother-in-law who's a little on the aspie spectrum let me see here see here chris anderson perhaps an ex filled my teen's mind with poison about me she didn't believe a word of it.

But it still messed up her self-esteem any good books on giving her some better self-talk the. First question i would have to ask chris is does she want it does she want to help because if she doesn't want the help anything you do is just going to angry make her angry and get reactant on you uh laura's saying hey david you said in your unlimited love of course that there exists a technique for the men to siphon liquid out of a woman's vagina what's the name and where can i learn it um. First of all what the technique that i refer to is a very very old taoist sexual alchemy technique it involves the use of your perennial muscles uh in your coccygeal muscles um probably the most user-friendly source for that would be um by mantoc chia i think it's called secrets [ __ ] it's it's um start with male 1 anything anything by mental that has to do with sexual alchemy is going to be good he has one for men he has one for women i think that's where i. First heard about it and.

Then the tao of sexology i think is another one not it's not that's not by mental i think i forget let me put this on a different line cultivating male sexual energy i think is and and cultivating female sexual energy alice thank you mu99 dally sexuals love thank you pseudosciences i want to vest like that for sure thank you i just dug this out because i was just in a mood um how often do i plan on doing these amas i do for my platinum members i do two amas a month for my diamond members i i i they can have everything that the platinum members do and they also get a hands-on virtual mentoring session on the. Third saturday of every month. So yeah dean franzen says thank you yes. I see a sigil on your white board when you teach he's done a great interview on youtube on this channel london rio mountain chia does i hope i spelled his right.

Yes. Uh robio says i feel too much resistance to do the. First and i never fought. But my insecurities are on the back of my mind that's kind of how most people are what mondays and time are ama for youtube platinums great question for you for platinum and diamond members our regularly scheduled uh amas are the.

First monday of the month and the. Third monday of the month now because of my training schedule this month i'm going to try and do our our our. Second ama our regular monday ama uh this sunday i'm not sure exactly what time i'll get on. But if you can block out uh sunday and i can swing it i'm going to try and get on for my platinum and diamond members and we will have a three hour very intimate ask me anything if you want to drill down on the special glass content we did at the beginning of the month we can do that if you have other questions you want to know about.

Then i can i can give you uh some more insight into those i'm glad you guys like my vest thank you is the stealth program still available yes. It is you yesterday you can go to nlpower.com and find it or you might try the stealth website itself stealth hypnosis dot com my professional organization has now gotten the message about narrative story this will be a game changer for advising absolutely 100 astra says i want to learn most of the things discussed here and it's overwhelming how should i approach it all right. Great question and it's one i think everybody needs to know the answer to here's the fastest way to learn nothing that i teach it's to try to learn all of it the way you get good is you zero and you knit you zero down and you drill down into the things that i teach that you absolutely love that light you up like a christmas tree that come easy to you that's the biggest one focus on the things that come easy to you. First that you're good at make your strength this is a training tip i got from bruce lee many many years ago make your strengths unstoppable go out get what you want have fun doing what you do circle back add another piece that's how you get good it's not just it's not important just not just important that you just get good you have to get out and into and start actually applying it and the only way that you're going to to apply it is if it's fun and it's easy for you okay.

You don't achieve in the world based on what you know you achieve in the world based on how you apply what you know. So at the end of the day one or two well-applied techniques will outperform a lifetime of techniques learned half-assed and never applied okay. So get in the game um see here ron poorty says thank you david always learn something new from you art john says how do i start making money good money. So i can be filthy rich and afford the diamond membership.

So i can learn all those tools use the techniques that are here for free go out and do them i've given you guys again without without patting myself on the back or tuning the free stuff on this channel will change your life if you go out and use it okay. I did that for a reason it was deliberate because you needed something that you could take out into the world and apply if you just sit on your ass and watch videos it's never going to work for you i'm sorry it's just now how the world works. But take the things we teach in all the amas go out and apply it and be willing to suck be willing to screw up every now and. Then stop taking yourself.

So seriously if you apply these techniques consistently and relentlessly they will work for you they will teach you more about how to do these things and anything that comes out of my mouth okay. I love you all and i want you to be successful. But don't fall into the trap of becoming chronically over trained chronically over trained people are people who just they're gluttons for information gluttons for information they confuse the acquisition of that information with the achievement of the goals that that information is designed to get they're not the same you've got to put them to work and you've got to do it in small bits small pieces build up your successes and. Then apply them in larger and larger theaters of engagement you don't need a lot of techniques you just need to apply what is here and you'll make all the money you can handle right.

If you just do it right. If you need help getting blocks out of the way or a little clarification reach out we're here right. That's what that's our job and when you're ready to take yourself to the. Next level you know how to do that too right.

Right. You got to decide you're worth it though i can't make that decision for you i believe in you whether you believe in yourself or not uh david has. So much valuable information on his youtube channel alegre says it's true the free stuff changed my life sean says do you have any ideas on building an increasing imagination yes. Play pretend imagine things right.

Make it start with sexual fantasies and make it vivid and awesome and. Then transition to things like having money or having yachts and boats and an amazing social life off topic. But is the merch going to be a permanent offering or a limited time only uh what merch are you talking about laura hold on a. Second kathleen says booked three face reading clients since.

Last week's course getting out there it's fun yes. Viva everybody give kathleen a big round of applause she's someone she's a go-getter she took. The information she learned. Last weekend and booked three face reading clients and now she's got an extra income stream it's going to help all of her clients who come to her for coaching and therapy you can do this too you don't need anybody to wave a magic wand over your head and say now you are blessed to go out and apply these things you have permission and i demand you make money doing it i demand you make your life everything you want it to be by applying these skills it is not optional right.

Uh. So let's see oh people are asking about merch now laura you've opened up a can of fish um alejandro is asking how is the paid content better than the free content does anybody who's the ma a platinum or a diamond member uh want to answer alejandro's question because i'm i'm obviously biased with that quote with that question. So alejandro is asking how is the paid content better than the free content go ahead and type that in the chat right. So um chris anderson is asking.

So a teen girl feels she is having a bad self-image from a mother who said things that damage her self-esteem i'm working on myself talk and need more tools to handle she's ready what you got identity by design specifically for you chris the identity by design we're doing. Next week because there's a there's a module we're going to be teaching on generational trauma in other words traumatic memories and patterns we've inherited from our parents and grandparents um it's very dif it's it's a very powerful very very uh cool aspect of therapy that most of us don't understand um and i've i've been really deep diving into it. But um that's where i would start and now if you can't get to the one. Next week and get the self mastery supercharger program on the website or buy the identity by design home study course at nlpower.com and you'll have the tools okay.

Um cynthia says if you have more than one block how do you remove them and yes. I work on what you teach okay. If you if you have more than one block find the blocks and. Then deal with each one at a time um i would recommend you work you have somebody work with you cynthia just because when you've got multiple blocks that you're dealing with um it's much more difficult to be the driver and the patient at the same time.

But if you have to deal with one at a time realizing that they're probably going to interweave let's see here yay kathleen hug kathleen would definitely be interested in march as well dave's son excellent excellent for those of you interested in upcoming trainings call 858 [Music] 282-4663 or email stephanie at nlp power.com and she can help you with those questions what does bell's palsy on the right. Side of the face mean it means you have what chinese call liver wind and depending on where the palsy is may indicate where uh which organ system is related uh and it's usually some kind of frozen toxified emotion uh our gem says what's your favorite topic that you teach huh probably well honestly i like all of it i like all of it um it changes from from month to month from group to group you know um um christian gerard asks are wim hof breathing one and journaling two of the most important things you can do. First i've never done wim hof method and i don't do journaling. So i would say no.

But you know i'm not i actually have a lot of respect for the winhoff method i just don't practice it i haven't had a chance to really study it i've been too busy with other things and i've never been big on journaling a lot of people are i'm not off topic. But this merch permanent offer oh the masking t-shirt stuff i haven't decided what i'm gonna do with that yet laura. But um we'll see we'll see oh kathleen says that's my 300 loss covered on the silver snyder bars okay. So a little backstory.

So you understand where that comment from kathleen is coming from when i when i was promoting the face reading class kathleen wanted to come. So badly that she had these silver bars that uh she had been saving and she she turned them in and took. A 300 loss on the silver bar. So she could afford to get the money to come to the class and.

Then as soon as she came out of that class she enrolled three face feeding clients and it and it made up and put her in the black for the money she lost on cashing in the silver and that by the way is what you'll find that particulars pattern is what you'll find more often than not and i gave people in that class some guidelines on how to choose what to invest in and what not to invest in. But she invested heavily she felt the discomfort of that investment and now she came out of there on steroids and that's what people need they need that discomfort to motivate them to recoup their investment and in the process of recouping that investment you become the person who deserves to have the change and it stays leslie says i've been watching your videos for a while on youtube learned. So. But i need to stay consistent and very helpful sean dooley said delaney's this skin in the game yep paid the content exceeds the expectations get more get more of david okay.

You have to invest because things for free i only have that much value yeah yeah that's a probabilistic thing kathleen says mastermind in particular paid and hands-on is really helping transform my life uh manifestation mudra equals offer on a new house. So obviously kathleen is reaping the whirlwind uh on the techniques by by making that leap. So i invite you all to come and try it out if it's for if it works for you great if it doesn't drop it there's no. There's no.

Long-term commitments pay to offer personalized experience working with others and practicing and live events are by far the best experience from allegra robio says any super secret sexual technique you know to do it on a lady i know many super secret sexual techniques to do on with the ladies uh we can't cover them here because they'll get banned uh do you do breath work some you elai says uh yes. Kathleen laura says thompson i owned you the. First person to say that journaling is not the be-all end-all uh how come i'm hesitant on using cpi skills on you. But with other people i do well because you know i'll catch you that's why kathleen says i love this [ __ ] austria says off topic love the way you say my pseudo indian name okay.

Ron says hahaha okay. Let's go back to our youtubers all right. Well it looks like we're coming into the home stretch guys um i want to thank you all for for spending time with me this has been um i've spent i stayed a little bit longer than i intended hopefully you got some good stuff out of it um and uh like i said if i did not answer your question by all means uh in the comments section below this video go ahead and and post your question again i will go back and review the questions it's been a great time i hope you're having a great veterans day to all of those of those all of you out there who served our country god bless you thank you. So much for our service let's keep america free let's not worry about making america great let's not put it let's not worry about putting a chicken in every pot or worrying about political correctness and all that crap let's just keep it free.

So that you can be the person that you want to be say the things you want to say and live your live stand in the light of your truth that's my little public service announcement for tonight good night and god bless my friends take care.
