Title: UeNSpihD1Vc.txt
Video Id: UeNSpihD1Vc
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UeNSpihD1Vc

Anybody here have a supremely ever have a supremely joyful experience you sure absolutely sure beyond a shadow of a doubt come get some. First things. First can you remember the earliest most joyful childhood experience of your life that was nothing. But joyful yes.

Okay. As you see what you saw hear what you heard feel what you felt point to where you feel that feeling here's what. I want you to notice there's a color associated with that feeling what color is it. First impression green green reach in with both your hands and grab all of that green energy take it out and hold it in your hands now what.

I want you to do is. I want you to make it absolutely perfect notice what direction it's spinning. First impression where's where's it going it's it's going clockwise good now did the color change or stay the same it's the same take it in your hand both of your hands like you grab it by the edge and just double the amplitude in the spin keep doubling double it make it stronger and stronger and stronger amp it up amp it up amp it up make it unbelievably joyful wonderful powerful when you know you've got it it's impossible to be anything other than this forever slam it back in notice the joy spreading all throughout your mind all throughout your body now in a moment not yet. But in just a moment.

I'm going to count from 1 to five as. I count from 1 to five that feeling of joy is going to double and triple and quadruple one feel that energy welling up inside of you growing stronger and stronger permeating every level of body and mind two 10 times stronger like a beacon into the past calling you back to the very. First scen situation or event that has everything to do the source of this joyful experience three like the gates of a damn bursting forward overflowing with joy sending you back four oh my. God on the.

Next count back to the. First scene situation or event that has everything to do with this feeling five there's the feeling notice how good you feel that's right. Now give me a report are you inside or outside. First impression.

I'm outside alone or with people people daytime or night time day good give me a report tell me what's happening. I have to tell you well you know. I okay. I okay.

I'm. I'm free. I'm in the apple tree with my brothers and sisters playing there's no. Stress cool no.

Okay. Fine close your eyes. Go back there double the double the joy double the feeling how old are you. First impression six good here's what.

I want you to do in a moment not yet. But in just a moment. I'm going to count from one to three when. I reach the number three you're going to come back to this room back to this moment and we're going to do something really cool you ready one two three back to the room close your eyes.

Follow the instructions you're still in trength deep sleep all the way down that's right. Now in a moment. I'm going to count from one to five again when we reach number five you're going to go back there this time. But you're going to go back there now as the you of today with all of your wisdom all of your experience all of your knowledge all of your skills and you're going to give that younger you a very special gift one 2 3 four five all the way back let me know when you see little.

Colleen in the tree can you see her. I see her. I feel her excellent here's what. I want you to do is.

I want you to call her down and say hey buddy. I'm you from the future and make her believe you hey. I have to say it yeah okay. Hey does she believe you colen.

I'm you from. I'm you from the future hello hey and. I say. I have something very special to give to you.

I have a special gift for you at. Le you don't have to say out loud okay. Okay. But.

I want you to say. I have some very important things to share with you that are going to transform your life and make it all the better for you and. I want you to tell young red everything she will ever need to know to be happy survive and thrive to understand the events of her life in a way that only make her stronger happier more joyful than ever before and make her believe you and make her understand let me know when you got that excellent does she believe you now. I want you to look.

Her in the eyes. Take her in your arms and say no. Matter where you go no. Matter what you do no.

Matter what happens to you. I will always be with you you are always loved and you're never alone and make her believe you no. Matter what life. H hands you no.

Matter what events in your life unfold. I'll always be there to hold your hand to give you the wisdom and the advice and the comfort that you need. I'll be that voice inside that tells you everything's going to be okay. You're a good person and you deserve the best in life and when you know she's got it take her in your arms and hold her to your heart and feel her shrink down into your heart where she's surrounded by all the love all the joy all the acceptance and the strength she could ever want in an unlimited.

Supply and as you do that feel the change. Ripple through your entire history see yourself moving forward through that moment in time experiencing every moment of your life from a completely different place and noticing how it just gets better colen that's right. See yourself moving through through your early years through your teen years through your adolescence and. Later years through this moment where everything's already changed and into the future and notice how life just continues to change for the better feeling those changes click inside feeling her surrounded.

Forever by all the love. Safety and. Security she could ever want that's right. Let that process take place that's right.

Let those feelings come up and out it's okay. Cuz as you feel them you reveal them as you reveal them you heal them that's right. And when you know you've got it take all the time you need it's perfectly okay. When you know you've got it return to this room in this place bringing all of those.

Transformations with you and feeling her inside and notice how happy she is and all those other good things that she could ever want and me she now has in an unlimited. Supply that's right. That's okay. You can let it out no.

Tough little soldiers allowed here can you hear her can you feel her more importantly can she hear and feel you how's that feel that's right. Welcome back thank you give her a big round of [Applause] applause it's called the gift it was a gift very very simple only joyful experiences okay. You amplify the joy. I spin it to make sure we've got it really focused in and notice as she's spinning it.

I make sure it's perfect for her right. Then we put it back in. Then we affect. Bridge affect bridge is very very simple.

I'm going to count from one to five each time you count the sensation doubles and triples on the number five back to the. First scene situation or event that has everything to do with that joyful experience which is usually that's why we talk about an early this is what we call a directed regression. But it's kind of in between a directed regression and and a non-directed regression only pleasurable joyful childhood memories if she doesn't have one we find something else okay. But this is a pleasure this is a pleasure.

State yes. Yeah that's really different from what. I've seen before usually go to a place that needs to be healed and unhappy yeah this is a life. Cher it is right.

This is different okay. When for and again this is a this is a something. I've noticed um when we do traditional regression type work we deal with that issue when we do the gift we deal with everything it generalizes to the entire life that's what. I've noticed okay.

Granted we've had a small small population of people to work this technique on. But every time that's what we get okay. If that's all you ever did with anybody you ain't seen nothing yet [Music] younging see myself and. I could feel myself.

I could feel the joy that was very powerful and. Then when you asked me to take her in my arms that was too much for me. I because colen needed protect you're still processing just let it go okay. Enjoy it as things come up let them this is the one thing you need to understand when you do emotional release work they're not done once they come out of trans okay.

And you need to let them know that when you trigger the body to resolve an issue it's going to shed emotions like a sh like a snake sheds its skin or or um a butter fly coming out of the. Cocoon and you have to let them know that those feelings are going to come up they're going to come out and when they do let them because if you don't the unconscious stuff down mechanism is going to kick in and it's going to. Short change the experience okay. You need to let them know what to expect beyond the session okay.

It's very simple. Find the. Joy send them back to to the earliest most powerful joyful childhood experience make sure you've got it bring them back they go back as the adult of today complete with all their wisdom all their knowledge all their understanding all their techniques and they give the joyful child everything she want she could ever want and need to know to understand survive and thrive important make her life better than it could ever possibly thought have been understand survive and thrive okay. Because we don't want survival we want a life right.

We want it to be everything we ever thought and hoped it could be or more and once you create that inner advisor man. I'll tell you it's it's powerful okay. And. Then what you do.

I'll be right. With you y. Then what you do is all is you just have them once you have that them them them communicate and share and make them understand that's a key phrase make her believe you make her understand does she believe you what based on what we've based on what we've learned what what would that be what what would that be related to your testing testing testing how about convincer strategy say self- ratification right. Right.

The person who knows most what to say to say to the subject is the subject it's like you're your own parent that's what it blows down to in a better way yeah okay. Cuz you know your own life yourself don't over analyze it just do it okay. Secret to this again pleasure. States find the young joyful person tell them who you are make them believe you give them everything they want and need to survive and thrive and.

Then add in no. Matter where you go no. Matter what you do no. Matter what happens to you you're always loved and you're never alone.

I will always be there to guide you to advise you to hold your hand to give you the hug you need and and make her understand it and. Then integrate her into your heart shrink her down or him down into your heart where he's always surrounded by all the love the safety the nurturing the protection he could ever want or need in an unlimited. Supply okay. And.

Then once you know you have that remember everything convince your strategy you don't go to the. Next step until you have it understand have them begin to move forward from that moment on through all of the events of their life noticing how everything in their life changes how they understand things differently how everything just continues to get better move them from the past through the present into the future as far as you want them to go and here's where you can get a little playful you can cycle through that over and over and over again noticing how every time they go from that moment where you make that transformation into the future it gets stronger and more powerful they can cycle through that as many times as they need to to make it exactly what they want okay. And let them know it's okay. To express it's okay.

To feel okay. No. Tough little soldiers allowed okay. And when they know they've got it come back to this present the present moment bringing all of that transformation all of that understanding with them is there something this in here hell no.

Okay. But it is on the videos.
