Title: uHT-64duX7Y.txt
Video Id: uHT-64duX7Y
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uHT-64duX7Y

TJ. So aptly put it there's always more to learn with that in mind let's go ahead and go over what we've got coming up for the rest of or the majority of 2019 we do have some dates and stuff already in the can or set up for 2020 and. I'll talk about those briefly and. Then for those of you who want to renew your mondo packages or or get new ones or whatever.

I think you're coming up for renewal if you want it or not. I don't know. But. I'm gonna go through the calendar and like.

I said if you know if you did your. First go-around with a mondo package. I'll explain it just like. I would a room for people who aren't taking it for the.

First time. So you get it and. So you can see how. I do offers now from a different set of eyes.

Alright. So what we got coming up is this coming. May is our. Next killer influence 4-day covert-hypnosis certification now most of you had either.

CPI or killer influence before you walked in the room. So you're golden there obviously. But for those of you who would like to take a refresher for those of you who'd like to get another deep dive into the realm of covert hypnosis before we talk about how to mention near the environment how to manage the spatial relationship between you and another person. So you psychologically position them to like you more how to amplify.

Attraction skills how to tap into person's emotional wants and need. So that you can emotionally link them to the process you want them to do and have them think it's their idea go through the seven distinct language patterns that cause people to believe everything you say and do what you want these are all things that are the foundation of what we teach and killer influence. But. Then we go beyond that into exactly how to manage your environment how what kind of clothes are we point you in the direction of where to get special technologies on how to select your wardrobe and things like that have a psychological impact vibrationally on the people that you're in we'll talk about social hypnotic operators where you learn about the other applications outside of marketing for scarcity and reciprocity and consensus and commitment and consistent these are all hypnotic processes and behaviors that society programs into you that when you flip the button the behaviors automatic and it's it's and those five principles are based on the work of.

Robert shale. Dini and will teach you how to functionalize and optimize that for real-world influence and of course we're gonna send you out into the world to get free deserts and all kinds of cool stuff you'll learn the universal persuasion protocol you'll learn an. NLP meta programs and how to match a person's meta programs and. So you're always communicating in their language you'll learn about embedded commands you'll learn about quotes patterns you learn about all these different cool linguistic techniques.

But you're gonna go beyond that it's going to allow you to influence people anytime anywhere under any circumstances for any outcome and that's what we start it creates the foundation for everything else that you guys are in the advanced classes now. So you know how many times we've had to refer back to those courses to understand what's going on here. So that's coming up in. May.

I would love to see you got about 30 40 people already signed up we're gonna probably cap it at about 15 just because the. Last. Last one was 80 some people and. I needed my helpers needed help.

So and those we did help out a killers at that. Last one. I appreciate you okay. Coming up after that in beautiful and exotic.

Larnaca. Cyprus we've got our. First its. I press its own country yeah.

I can't. I don't think they speak. Turkish oh they stood drink it was under. Greek yeah and.

I'm kind of like on the borderline. So. I don't get caught. I'm kind of squirming a border war or something.

But. I've seen the location in it's gorgeous beautiful and we'll be doing a five-day hypnosis and hypnotherapy certification with an emphasis on techniques and technologies for elimination of pain instead of ravenous conversational hypnosis. But specifically on the building blocks of human personality we're going to teach you how to systematically remove all of the person's generalized negativity this is stuff that they've been carrying around that they didn't even know they hacked. I'm going to teach you how to remove stuff that the body has reasons for holding on to.

So that it doesn't go away and come back we're gonna take that we're going to teach you how to install very specific driver states inside of you. So that you have these emotional traits inside of you that move you forward instead of holding you back we're going to systematically change your internal die and teach you how to change your clients internal dialogue. So when they listen to that voice inside their head that's always talking down to him it tells him all the reasons why they can succeed instead of all the reasons why they can. But those even don't know what.

I'm talking about it's the voice that just said what voice okay. From there we're gonna take that we're gonna install these driver stay true and think all of that we're going to systematically cleanse and purge the negativity from your history the ones you remember consciously and unconsciously we're gonna drain all the negativity out of it we're gonna take all that energy and flow it into all of your positive memories and. Then. So that when you look.

Back on the past you only remember your past in ways that make you stronger more confident moving forward in life once we've taken that we're going to compress it down and we're going to move it to before your very. First real memory and install it at the genetic level like a template that your your nervous system uses as a guide to give you resources in times in trouble because remember as your body as you move forward through time and space your neurologist constantly looking backwards at the past to make determinations about how to handle the future. So if we go back and we change what's in the past how you handle future events that are similar or based on the past events changes automatically once we've done that we're going to show you how to through a process of deep trance identification systematically install in yourself the traits qualities characteristics and attributes of people whose skill sets or accomplishments you personally admire. So you can custom design your very own sense of identity and self you'll get all the dates that you get all the things that you would get in.

Runa and. I hypnotherapy certification without all the stuff you don't write this will be the level of skill that comes out of the identity by design training is head and shoulders of anything. I've seen anywhere even in my trainings when people come in with knowing nothing and they go through this process they come out like world class my opinion in terms of these standards in the industry there's always more to learn. But for some reason there's some about the identity by design style it just installs the ability to do hypnosis anytime anywhere for any reason under any circumstances right.

Into your neurology and you can just express it right. And and you guys have proven that because you've literally. I'm sure everybody's at least one reaction that came out of nowhere and you dealt with it right. That's reality and if you don't have a train that's preparing you to deal with that other than.

Then you're the scene fades and you tend to your breathing you put the dragon back in the box or the genie back in the bottle you're in the wrong training you need something that's going to prepare you for real-world results or real-world activities and identity by design in my honest opinion admittedly. I'm biased in my honest opinion does that for you better than anything. I've ever encountered. So.

I'm very proud of that training and it was never designed like. I said the ideology of that program is really funny because it started as a inner games workshop for aspiring pickup artists. But the change work that it caused in people was. So profound that every aspect of their life changed.

First time we tested it was on a fifty seven-year-old divorcee who had just been raked over the coals by his ex-wife. I mean he had literally had all of his money all of his houses ripped out she moved to. France with her boyfriend and just just trashed this guy's self-esteem we put him through this process he broke out in this massive sweat and from that day forward everything in his life changed the people at work started treating him different he started making more money he started women started noticing him or at least he started noticing women notice him which is actually what happens you actually get noticed by the gym opposite gender a lot more than you realized. But your level of self-esteem will actually impact how much of that you actually notice those opportunities are always there.

But if your self-esteem and your sense of self and identity and deserving this isn't isn't up to snuff your unconscious will delete them from your awareness. So when that all changes everything changes. So it's a great training and. I'm excited because.

I have never been to. Cyprus. So we've got about 3035 people already registered for that. But.

I'm excited to do that that's gonna be. June. I'm sorry. May 27th through the 31st from there we're gonna fly directly to the.

United. Kingdom for our. First ever five-day vibrational influence masterclass in my world by. Bray tional influence skills are advanced techniques there are extensions of the trainings that you've gotten from identity by design or killer influence specifically the state control modules which is a prereq for everything we do self directed trance work and advanced rapport and state and and transmission or returning we're sending emotions and things back and forth you must be vetted in that technology to get into any vibrational influence class because this one's a little bit longer we're gonna be a little bit more relaxed on that.

So if you have any of my trainings you'll get in because we're gonna review that stuff the. First half of the. First day. But after that it's balls-to-the-wall training like you're used to training with me right.

This training was a little bit different from because there's. So much brain work that has to be done in the planning stage of your talk. But. Then once the talk is playing you just pull the trigger do you guys notice that like once you got the brain work out of the way you just got up to talk thing that's what.

I mean now anytime somebody asks you to talk you can just step on stage right. That's what's cool about it. But a lot of it is everything you've got today in the past three days is based on those earlier trainings where you've learned how to do the report you've learned how to do this date control you've learned the. Third the seven plus or minus two language patterns that just reprogram and activate your neurology you've learned how to link all that the things that you want people to do to the things that are emotionally drive them and and have them want to do it right.

You've learned all that stuff and now it's just an expansion. So in this class we're gonna go into remote influence we're gonna go into remote viewing cuz. I most. So need you know this some of you don't.

But. I was at one time the president of the. American. Association of remote viewers.

I served on that capacity for about a year and. I learned the original. Stanford and de. ID protocols the di di da.

I can't remember. Anyway protocols for technical and coordinate remote viewing specifically coordinate remote viewing and. So we'll be teaching applications from that and. Then we'll take that foundation and we'll teach you how to do remote influence and this is where we can actually from across the ultimately from across the planet if we want to literally raise and lower people's blood pressure their body temperature their heartbeat and you'll actually be able to objectively measure will actually hook.

When you partner up well actually hook. You up to machines and you'll take baseline readings and. Then you'll separate and you'll start you know knowing who you're working with and what you want to do and the other person will know what they're trying to do and. Then you'll gradually become more and more blinded where it to the point where you're working with somebody you know who it is your target your tasking and the person doesn't know what character what trait or attribute you're manipulating and sometimes you'll draw you'll draw a chit from a random chip from from a box or whatever and it'll say raise the blood pressure lower the blood pressure raise the body temperature or lower the body temperature do nothing right.

So we try to minimize the effect of actual suggestion or placebo even though it's kind of a misnomer because everything is placebo right. But. So you can calibrate will teach you how to get rapport with not just people. But elements vibrational elements the elements in of our universe fire water air earth have a frequency range that is pregnant for lack of a better word with information information that you can access and manipulate if you can understand the rapport skills you learned in.

Killer influence or. CPI we're going to show you how to do that we're gonna show you how to work with those energies the way the. Taoist did the way that the. Iyer vets did and the way the hermetics did and show where they all integrate where they all overlap.

So whether you know what's the same we're gonna give you the specific drills to develop that ability in yourself and. Then we're gonna set you loose on each other to actually create phenomena how to make yourself heavy how to make yourself light how to amplify your body temperature just by a certain breathing pattern or a sound that you make right. These are all things that this is one of the this is one of the components that's largely left out in a lot of our. Qigong exercise that our health derivatives or whatever decide that we talked about fire and we talked about these things.

But they don't tell us why it's important to develop them it's important to develop because those elemental correspondences build your energy body they make it stronger more robust. So it survives after you transition it also as a by-product makes you more charismatic when you start building these energy attributes you start clearing out all of your negative personality traits you start amplifying your positive personality traits and. So you become your best self you become more self actualized you evolve your neurology is what. I like to call it that's really what hermetic practices which.

Taoism or the. Taoist esoteric. Taoist esoteric. Buddhism the the druidic stuff the the.

Egyptian stuff the. Hawaiian stuff it's all based on this core set of principles that are universal and once you understand the principles you can reverse engineer this which is what. I've been doing from there you know those things will amplify everything you already do they will amplify everything you already do that will make you more powerful more influential the universe literally aligned itself because you leave that connection that you have to the non-local grows stronger okay. Now you don't have to believe me just do the training and you'll understand we're gonna spin a line with manifestation.

I'm also gonna teach you what. I call the ultimate manifestation method which some of you know of its image cycling we're gonna go very deep into how that process can be used in other ways and how it relates because there's a whole there was a whole bunch of epiphanies that. I had after. I learned how to use that particular image cycling process for manifestation and healing.

But we're gonna teach you that we're going to teach you the. Reiki system. So you understand how that works we're gonna teach you. DNA fada healing which is about where they're in the inverse of each other.

Reiki is where you bring a higher level energy down the theta is where you take the person up to that frequency and you literally command to healing and watch it happen it's very cool. But they're very much the inverse of each other you learn how to compare and contrast that with things like the pranic healing model which is more like energy surgery a pranic healer is gonna scrape out energies you're gonna put other energy in and it's a very conscious process right. Very very different. But he's still channeling energy from one place to another and.

Then of course you'll learn about the chi gong model which basically. I called the. Duracell model. Qigong models as a rule treat the human being like a big battery you suck up all this energy and you hold on to it and when you need to use it you use it.

Then you replenish it the problem with that model is that if you use too much of the energy and you haven't replenished it a you drain yourself. But also the back pressure from the energetic healing actually causes those healers to become to become more susceptible to the diseases they treat and a lot of those healers because they do too much healing they actually want to contract like a day that they're specializing in cancer they'll wind up with cancer right. Now it's not that that model is bad every model has its pros and cons and are better for certain things right. And we'll show you how all of that fits into the scope of the.

Hermetic system that we're using and we'll show you some stuff that's unique to their. HoMedics systems that aren't aren't directly encompassed by those healing modalities. So we'll teach you how to do that one-on-one we'll teach you how to do it from across the room we'll teach you how to do it from across the planet. I'm gonna teach something.

I have never taught before this is one of my personal things. I've been a practitioner of mudra based yogic practices for close to 10 years probably longer than that. I have been researching a very specific mudra based practice for most of my life since. I was a teenager and it's called it and it's from.

Bujinkan ninjutsu it's called the. Kuchiki riyer coogee in and it was called the nine syllable protection method it traces its back it roots actually back to early. Taoism. But it was the the connections were kind of lost over time and.

So what. I've done. I spent the. Last 30 years reverse engineering that system.

So. I can understand how it works how you can tap into these nine powers one is you know for pure physical mental emotional and psychic strength how to channel and adapt and control the energies around you how to harmonize with your environment and literally get in flow. States and and and be able to influence people how to develop your precognitive abilities and print and sense things that are coming before they happen how to develop your telepathic abilities and your ability to know what people are thinking how to tap into the non-local universe and extract information that's beyond the confines of time and space how to manifest things this goes hand-in-hand with that. Bengston system the energies the image cycling system.

I was teaching you and. Finally how to actually be psychically invisible to your enemies how to literally not be noticed if you want to do those things right. That's what the system that's what each of the big the big pieces are and there are practices for each of those and when you put them all together if you just do the sounds that go with them it's known as the. Coogee.

Goshen. Hoku gene the nine syllable self-defense system and it's in a symmetric process when you put the mudras with it it becomes the. Coogee kept to again is what they call it. I believe which are kutsu is a.

Japanese word it means seal and seal basically and. So when you put all these things together you get a very powerful metaphysical evolutionary it's as its evolves your neurology just like. I'm saying everything we do doop involves the neurology. But now we're gonna show it to you from a neurological perspective what these things are actually doing how they they eat your hands take up more space or more brilla state in your brain than any other part of you except your eyes.

So when you start channeling energy and you create these different pathways that energy flows in those pathways and you get more on neuro plastic you develop those pathways and as you expand and develop your energy body your physical neurology starts to evolve as well your perceptions start to shift and really cool starts to happen right. But don't believe me just do the training right. The one thing about all the mood work. I'm going to show you is that they don't let you do anything they make everything you do powerful you understand a difference like.

I'm not gonna. I'm not gonna do a mudra and all of a sudden a pillar of fire is gonna rise up out of thing. But if. I'm doing like my martial arts energy work it we're going to teach you how to use energetics for self-defense we'll teach you about pressure points and polarity if i do if i can build my rapport with the fire energy and.

I grab you on a metal point or a water point or a wood point and. I and. I attune with fire. I'm gonna cause more damage to that system.

Then if. I'm just a normal human being. So. I'll get more bang for my buck on one upon the techniques that.

I do apply does that make sense and you it's amazing how fast this coochie stuff can actually transform your ability to manifest things rapidly. So. I've never ever taught that you can as. AK you've been around this is from my martial practices it's it and it translated over into my magical practices.

But. I spin over like. I said. Last over 40 years reverse engineering this because you can't get the whole thing anywhere it's all fragmented.

So just like everything else. I'm sharing with you in that five days. So if that's something that's interesting to you. I invite you to come out to.

Peterborough for five days. I'm also going to show you some other things that aren't the the. Coogee base. But they're also mudra based.

I certain mudra positions that will actually make you more intelligent as time goes on that will eliminate fear and make you more courageous there are hand mudras that will make you more hypnotic those are my real secrets. But. I'll show them to you and. I'll teach you to and.

I'll point you just like before. I'll point you like the books if you want to go and follow up on me or do whatever okay. But um that's that's my intention for those five days is to just indoctrinate you into all of this stuff we'll show you how to enter people's dreams install suggestions. I don't do remote viewing sorry.

I don't do astral projection. I do remote viewing. I don't do spoon bending. But.

Zack does and he's gonna be there. So. I may have him teach spoon bending or something like that what else did. I teach.

TJ at vibrational influence that yeah that's that's that's the interesting thing vibrationally yeah two years ago this is this is where. I got really funny two years ago. I started to you and. I won't have oh.

I'm always hesitant about teaching vibrationally influence because it's it's the the field is. So full of charlatans and frauds and people who use suggestion in place of actual energetic phenomenon and you'll understand why both are important and why one its weak without the other and you'll you'll see how to remove prop pain suffer all the things you see us doing our other classes will take on a much deeper significance all the techniques in identity by design silo when you go through this court you'll learn all about chakras you'll learn about how to clear chakras the anatomy of the chakra had a gauge chakra spin diagnose them fix them you learn all that stuff and you'll test it you'll actually do it you'll actually get results with that okay. It's all hands on and and and that's what's cool oh that's what. I was gonna another thing.

I haven't taught. I call it speed. Qigong there's a 30 minute. Qigong practice that is a distillation from one of the most effective.

Taiji systems. I've ever studied and it's and it combines mudra and actually there's oh there's a process that actually rapidly builds up your internal power and. I'm about. Jing not.

Qi okay. I'm talking about like mojo right. You know it's a. Qigong system and.

Then we use that to fuel a lot of our other techniques. So whether if you're martial artists this will make you a more powerful martial artist if you're using if you're a hypnotist this will make you a more irresistible hypnotist okay. If you channel that energy into your mudra positions you're gonna get a bigger overall effect. So.

I've never taught that to anyone either right. I don't know if. I'll ever do a five-day master class again. But since.

I'm doing five days. I'm gonna just kitchen sink the group right. Just to say. I've done it.

I don't have to do it again right. Okay. So for those of you who want to do that if you've got a mondo slot left what would now be a good time to join in if you don't when would now be a good time to get one right. I do other vibrational classes.

But they're always a three-day and they're never as in-depth as this and if. I don't think. I will ever do this again at least not for another three or four years because. I'm cycling through my trainings and it's.

Peter it's it's. UK's turn for a killer influence. But doing a three-day in. Peterborough isn't worth most people's effort.

So. I made it a five-day and. I just added a whole lot more stuff. So if you really want the whole the whole full course meal come and play with us.

I'm gonna be there ain't got nothing else to do. I'm a teach. I'm gonna teach you martial arts as well. I'll show you how the the energetics of your body changes by how you stand and.

Then if you make a sound while you do it they drop to the floor. So for those of you who are smaller. But want to wait at you can do this with your acupuncture if you if you do a fire sound while you're needling a fire point you'll amplify it right. But.

I can use it for self-defense as well. So these are all the things that we'll be covering and we'll make it all will demystify everything you'll almost never hear me say. Ora you'll almost never hear me say all those weird woowoo words except in a disparaging way not that it's not real. But we can't point to an.

Anatomy book. And say this is this is your your aura is. But. I can point to an an anybody say this is where your proprioception is this is where your into your autonomic nervous for subs are these are your your mirror neurons our and everything we're teaching has the effects of magic.

But it's really based on neurology in fact. I'm going to call the course neuro magic because it's based on our understanding of the neurology and and at least the model. I'm working with. I've been pretty pretty on.

So far. So. I'm pretty hopeful right. Anyway that's what's coming up.

June 7th through the 11th and peterborough. August we got a big month coming up in. August out in. Las.

Vegas in the. August 2019 we're going to be doing we're going to be out in at the. New. Orleans.

Hotel and. Casino. For nine days of intense world-class hypnosis training we're doing a three-day killer charisma forbidden secrets of covert hypnotic influence this is not killer influence this is a much different public not a much to actually it isn't much different puppy this is gonna be a training beginners to advanced on covert-hypnosis much like our original curricular influence course. But.

Then we're gonna deviate into some very powerful other aspects we're going to talk just like before we're going to talk about the seven stages of persuasion the universal persuasion. Kota call echo technique how to make people like love and trust you in as little as twenty minutes how to link everything you want somebody to do to their emotional desire to do it. So they want to do what you want them to do we're going to talk about spatial hypnotic operators meta programs dr teeth we're not going to spend as much time on those because we're going to jump into something that's even more powerful and that is what. I call attraction psychology there is a there's been a lot of research over the past thirty or forty years as to how anti social persuasion experts hack the psychology of attraction to cause people to become hyper suggestible and.

I managed to get my hands on some really powerful information that synergizes really really well with our killer influence training system and. So you can consider this your defense against the dark arts class because we're gonna teach you everything you need to know about how to influence people covertly and. Then we're going to show you these five key this five this five stage system that social predators use to dump pardon my french to mind good people. So you can learn how it's done.

So you can protect yourself against it and. Then use it in your benevolent way there's no. World domination class. Zack.

I'm sorry right. But we're gonna teach you that as well. So we're also gonna teach you some stuff about negotiation and how to protect yourself through what. I call renegade reframes how to rapidly change people's beliefs or obliterate objections in normal conversation.

So we're gonna be taking data from our. CPI three class which is all about conversational reframe and objection overcoming objections we're going to teach you how the. FBI. CIA and all kinds of crisis negotiators pact persuasion technologies and incorporated that in there we're gonna teach you the attraction psychology stuff that nobody's teaching we're gonna show you how to hypnotize people anytime anywhere for any reason completely covert without their knowledge and most importantly we're going to teach you something called the red flag system which was developed by.

Wendy. Patrick which is a system that allows you to screen the people in your life to make sure they're not one of these social predators the problem with a lot of the people who are are the social predators out there they spend a lot of time in what we call proactive behavior they've spent an outrageous amount of time psychologically profiling their victims in their marks. So they know exactly what emotional needs they're most hungry for and. Then they change themselves to match that okay.

And there's a five stage process that they use. I'm gonna show you that process. I'm going to teach it to you. So you can learn how to do it because if you can't learn if you don't know how to do it you don't know how to recognize and if you don't know how to recognize it you can't protect yourself from it.

So that's the. First thing that's gonna happen. Then. I'm gonna teach you the red flag system which is how when people come into your life that may seem like they just walked out of your ideal fantasy you can know exactly how to screen them it's a four stage system flags it's an acronym we'll teach you that system and.

So when you want to you can actually personality profile people based on their social media and all these things and know if they're more likely to be the what they say they are does that make sense. So if you like the three magic questions where you get to will you literally prime people to give you all the information that allows you to figure out if they're keepers or not and while simultaneously you know being attracted to you this is the. Next step well it's how to find out if they're really who they say they are which spudley if you're doing through magic questions you have a pretty good idea because it gets harder to lie to you the longer they're in the through magic questions process right. We're gonna combine that and.

Then we'll throw in the thirty six magic bullets which are thirty six questions that when they bring them up in normal conversation and in the process of answering them causes the person to come fall deeper and deeper in love with you it's really creepy was discovered by scientists believe it or not. I'll give you the holster. But what they literally were doing is they were trying to find a way to study relationships in people who didn't have one. So they came up with this this series of questions to facilitate a relationship.

So they could study other things. So it's like you digging for gold and you strike oil right. What they didn't realize when they when they created this the series of questions well is that the people who were doing this got. So bonded.

So connected to a budge from actually want him getting married in as little as 90 minutes they didn't get married in 90 minutes. But that that was it is. Vegas. But that's what this that's in the science if you go to.

PubMed and you pull up the study you'll see it in the abstract right. And. So. I took.

They took. Me about three years to weaponize that into something that was actually useful. But if you don't believe me some people back in the day about four or five years ago. I guess when it came out.

I'm not sure exactly when they actually grabbed those question and turned it into an app right. Which you play is like a card game or something out of date. I've made it a little bit more conversational. I've grafted it onto the three magic questions protocol we'll be teaching that out there too.

So that's a lot for three days oh. I know. I know. But there's levels beyond it right.

So if you've liked it through magic questions you'll love everything else. But you have to have the foundation. So that's and that's under it's also one reason why we did this class as a killer influence variant because on the end of the hypno. Thoughts convention which is.

OGG hypnosis live hypnosis convention is august 16th through the 18th 2019 it's a three-day convention. I'll be teaching two of the three days and in addition to me presenting there will be hypnotism hypnotize from all over the world high level names presenting really cool stuff it is by far the best hypnosis convention on the planet it is well worth attending there'll be some noted some luminaries there who. I wanted to study with. But.

I've never been hit before like. Doug. O'Brien for one an expert in sleight of mouth and a lot of cool stuff he was a trainer for. Tony.

Robbins for a long. I'm he's written a bunch of books that are very popular he'll be there for the. First time. Mike.

Mandel will be there. Melissa tears will be there. I don't know if. Marissa piers will ever show up it hit no.

Thougts convention. But she's um. I'm sure she'd be a hit if she did who else. Richard non.

Gard. TJ will be presenting on audio and visual techniques and equipment. So if you liked what you got today over the weekend if you don't all if you aren't already taking him up on his offer to guide you through that process of creating your art here. AV systems one would now be a good time to get that done right.

And. Finally on the final three days after the convention we're going to do vibrational influence the normal curriculum which is still really cool we're going to teach you remote viewing remote influence we're gonna teach you energy healing skills we're going to teach you shock or work we're going to teach you the the vibrational like the elemental sounds and positions all the things we would normally teach in our regular standard vibrational influence course. But it doesn't have all the mudra work and things like that. So if you want all that stuff come to.

Peterborough right. It's not that that this course is bad it's just. I got three days and trust me your plates gonna be full. But you'll be able to do some really cool stuff right.

And of course once the doors closed and. I go around say what do you want to learn what do you learn what do you learn right. The curriculum might change a little bit. But the reason that we that's the.

But because vibrational influence in my world is an advanced class and you need those core skills though the state control the rapport the self-directed trance work we did the killer influence class in the beginning of the week. So that people who want to come to vibrational influence will have those prereqs and we actually have for it no. Thougts attendees will have a two-for-one special that we're doing and stuff like that you're two-for-one is actually a better deal. But they don't get that.

So. But that's what we've got going on the month of. August. So if you're interested in those applications.

What's. Wrong little buckaroo some of them will we like. I said we we always we actually what we do for the hit no. Thought screw is we try to keep the the trainings from the hip no.

Thoughts world separate from all the other trainings. So the people who join the hip no. Thoughts events get private access to all that content. So when you when you buy the hip no.

Thoughts signup package which is different from your mondo package when you buy the hip no. Thoughts package you actually get every a video the video of every single event we've done every hypnotoad civ nth we've done both the pre conferences and the post conferences and all that all the breakouts. I did during the conventions for the. Last four years.

So everything we did. Last year you get as a bonus right. So it's a really really stupidly good deal plus you get all the current like these classes that we do here they'll be in your members area too as an extra bonus for signing up like. I told you before.

HIPPA though that's is the one time of year where. I. I kind of give more than usual and. So we're those you've had that that package before it's awesome right.

And there's literally hundreds of hours of content for free that you get in addition to the live trainings right. But that is different from. Armando packages because that's a revenue share. I do with hypno.

Thoughts and it screws up my bookkeeping. So if you want that package. I can register you for that package. But that's not included with with your mando's what's that yeah.

I changed my mind. I've learned my lesson from that because you know things are becoming more expensive for us like we're doing more international trainings than ever and our margins are just shrinking and in order to be able to continue to do these trainings we need to we need to evolve that's why don't tell. Stephanie. But these got the old prices on them not me raise the prices after the.

Last identity by design. But this has all the old prices in a sent an email. Stephanie she's not gonna give this day she's gonna be pissed at me don't tell her. September coming up we have our.

Next hypnotherapy certification this does real world regression skills this isn't both old-school and new-school regression techniques now if you work in the health fields if you're dealing with trauma you need to be thoroughly grounded in regressive technique you'll be learning both old-school and new-school which is things like informed child informed adult chair therapy you'll learn about. AB reactive hypnotherapy where we're emotionally engaged inductions things like that you'll learn all the things you would normally learn in a regulated no. That would be curriculum well my regulated no. Therapy curriculum.

So the instant and rapid induction conversational-hypnosis pain control direct suggestion with an emphasis on regressive skills the newer regressive stuff is more of a vibrational in nature in that it works off an idea that thought the the human nervous system is a holographic information processing system rather than just a filmstrip where you can go backwards and forwards and nothing else and. So we'll show you how to rapidly remove pretty much any trauma that comes along without the necessity for deep trance in fact if you can point to where you feel it you pretty much can change it. But every now and. Then you got to go old school and nothing prepares you for doing the work under pressure under highly emotionally charged conditions than old school regression training right.

And there's some times when you got to do it it doesn't happen that often. But it does happen and there were times. I was grateful that. I had that that level of technique.

So we're gonna train you in both for five solid days and we only move through that class at the rate at which you can demonstrate competency in the material. But this if you're going to deal with things like cancer intractable pain tumors. MS. Parkinson's.

IBS any type of. PTSD these are the skills that you want to have as your you know your nuclear option. So if you're serious about doing that work come to the. September training okay.

In. October we're doing our. Next real-world. NLP practitioner certification it's an eight day training and it's twelve hour days.

So when you come to the training you will be balls-to-the-wall training for a complete 12 hours there will be a day session there will be a break there'll be an evening session wash rinse repeat for eight solid days and you will be amazed at what that dials can tell you he's had he's been to just about everything he bought one of our. Platinum packages. So he got access to every training for the. Last 12 months and they just keep getting better now for most people.

I recommend if you want to follow again if you want to benefit from my years of training people for free and everything else. I've watched. NLP should be the. Last class you take because.

I believe. I really do believe this that if you're a good hypnotist the way we teach you to be a hypnotist you can walk into any. P. NLP training and riff on any technique they show you okay.

The best neuro-linguistic programming notice. First it's easier it's faster and it just makes your life if you want more confidence in doing the work be a hypnotist. First. NLP fills in a lot of gaps in blanks and and and things.

But it's it's a very very dense training the. Society says. I have to accept anybody who comes in and. I will.

But. I do have my preferences. I strongly encourage you if you want to be good at. NLP get one of our hypnosis trainings.

First get the livelihoods yeah your influence was a good one for you to do. First yeah right. It will because it's. Apple it's applied it's like you learn to apply it all.

First and. Then go and read the textbook. And it makes everything fleshed out. But you have the actual real world ability to go do stuff and that's what we want you have your whole life to read the manual to buy another book.

But you only have a limited amount of time to get as physically indoctrinated into these techniques as possible and that's what we do real-world skills that you can take out the. Next day or that night and put them to work. So if that's something you will have the opportunity to have certified through the. Society of.

NLP and your certificate will have. Richard. Bandler. SH name on and you'll be able to go to any society spot a licensed trainer and take the.

Next level or have your your stuff actually matter some people don't care. I just want to hear. I want the train. I don't care whose name is on their certificate my name will eventually be on the certificate although.

I didn't realize there was a space on the certificate for me to put my name for the. First two or three years. So. I was just handing out certificates with.

Richards name on it there was a blank where my name was. I. So if you've got one of those hold on to it it's gonna be worth money someday this is the certificate that. David.

Schneider did not sign right. So for those of you who like martial arts and like that aspect of it we started doing this really as a favor to one of my colleagues in the martial arts world. Grandmaster. Chris.

Thomas and it became. So popular that we were just doing it every year now it's called secrets of internal power self-defense supercharger and this is where we take all of our. NLP stuff all of our energetics that we get we revert it back to self-defense and self-defense training and you'll learn really cool things you know how many people remember the toothpick where you can actually make people unable to pull your fingers apart stuff like that where. I can touch people and make them fly make a sound watch them pass out weird stuff right.

But you'll do it in a way that's fun easy to use and actually gives you the ability to actually protect yourself if you train them right. I usually have two guest speakers we're actually have three guest speakers this year grandmaster thomas who literally wrote all the books on pressure point fighting he was one of the top guys to do the research that brought that stuff back from being lost and he wrote co-wrote all the books at grandmaster. Dolman and everybody who came from. Dillman who was written books thomas was a part of that lineage.

So he's going to be teaching the vast majority. I will be trading off another one of our trainers is. Graham is master norms onsen who was a top student of. Grand.

Master while. EJ the founder of small circle jujitsu most of you don't know who that is. But y'all exuberantly is right. Okay.

Well. Bruce. Lee used to wait on. Wally's porch for him to get home from work.

So they could go down into his basement and train okay. So we're real close to that lineage and and. Norma is a great guy he's funny little violent. But funny right.

But if you in terms of learning how to manipulate the small joints of the body which is ideal for women people who aren't athletic the elderly there is no. Better system than small circle jujitsu you can test six-year-old can put a 200-pound man on the floor and keep him there and. I've seen it okay. And you'll learn how to do those things from master.

Norman you learn how to have the pressure points to it if you want to all that weird woo energy stuff. I'll be teaching systemic work done internal work and speed hitting and things like that that. I got from dr. Laura and.

Then. Finally. I just one gold this this year. I'm.

So excited. Grand. Master. Leo.

Fung will be teaching at the event now those who if you know who. Bruce. Lee is. Grand.

Master. Leo. Fong was. Bruce.

Lee's number one guy for 12 years he's literally the guy that took. Bruce. Lee around to all the schools where. Bruce.

Lee would beat up the instructors and say you don't know what you're talking about right. And and and. Grand. Master.

Lee. I was in his 90s late late 80s. Early 90s he developed a system of. Qigong called.

Chi. Fung which he's used to successfully overcome diabetes and other other health issues and things like that. But his version of. JKD is actually called wake kundo and it's based around a boxing model.

So it for those of you who who like the boxing type of an approach that's where his stuff comes from. But he's agreed to come in and teach for a day maybe longer. So. I'm excited for that because he's like he's one of the.

Last few old school treasures in the arts and it's a real candy tells great stories. I loved his. Bruce. Lee's stories.

So for another reason. I'm going hang out and get your picture with. Leo and stuff like that it's worth it. So.

I'm excited about it again it was something that. I kind of did. I did it kind of it was kind of a part of it was ego part of it was just had wanting to hang out with some people. I wanted to do it to prove that.

I could because everybody all my brothers in the martial arts told me you can't charge this much for seminar nobody will show up blah blah blah well. I'm thumbing my nose because this is the. Third one we've done in a year right. Not even every not not even one of years the.

Third one in 18 months right. The. First one was still popular we had to do it again six months. Later.

So this is to me this is and. I don't know that it would ever be what we emphasize it'll be power. But a large part of my my students have an interest in these fields and. I believe that this gives this rounds out your training it gives you that physical component that many of us are lacking and.

I think it takes your influence skills to a much greater yeah well if you can do it this year it's in. October. So. October 25th to the 27th.

So if you like that stuff if it's not something to don't come not not all of my students believe it or not are into the martial arts what was interesting though is that everybody walked into our training was basically a newbie in the mark they were they know nothing about martial arts. Grand. Master. Thomas and.

Grand. Master. Johnson were convinced these guys were advanced martial artists because they got it. So fast and.

I says because. I have smart students right. If you ask that you know. So and.

I want smart students. I want people who can don't don't pooh-pooh things because it doesn't fit what they were taught. But are open and willing and ready to test and can take them into their world and utilize them. So.

I'm very proud of this the kind of students that we have and for some reason you guys are. I think are meant to know these things and that's why. I think when you come to something that's off the charts like a martial arts training that. I've drawn you get it fast right.

And if you keep training it. Holly was there. Zach was there. TJ was there a little while you can ask them about it.

I had a ball right. And. I always wore my spider-man undershirt all right. All right.

So coming back to you know we always have options the one that most people take is the mando supremo. I wanted all packaged and included with that package are any to any to live trainings in the calendar valued at fourteen ninety sexyness 1997 regularly priced thirty nine ninety for the seminar price would be 2794 you'd save twelve hundred bucks on the mando package there that's not the one you have you have the big and any to real-world hypnosis courses valued at 1497 you're gonna get those for free and. Then any five your choice of any five digital products valued at $97 or less total of value of 485 bucks you're gonna get that for free if you look. At the total value of this package you're looking at a total value of seven thousand four hundred and seventy three dollars if you want to grab that today before about 6:59 p.m. which is what we're gonna close it up you're gonna get the entire package for 2794 you're gonna save well over four thousand six hundred and seventy nine bucks and the best thing about these packages is that you don't even have to pick the trainings right.

Now once you have the package and you're in the system and you're in the database you can go through your calendar and when you know what trainings you want to come to you just pick up the phone call. Stephanie or you send us an email we put you on the guest list for the training you're locked in and it doesn't matter what the price point of the seminar is you may have noticed the price points were different on a lot like the eight-day. NLP training versus a three-day vibrational influencer training different price point different duration all that goes away when you're on a mondo package you can walk into that eight-day training and take the full eight days the price of it doesn't matter it doesn't matter if it's in pounds doesn't matter if it's in. Euros right.

You can go to the. Cypress training which is all in. Euros you go to. UK which is on in.

British pounds and well and do the whole five days it doesn't cost you anything anything different right. So it really does give you a very good economical advantage when you're choosing your trainings if something comes up at the. Last minute that you can't attend like. Bernie.

Bernie was all set to come the two days ago he emails me and says that there was a snafu with one of the one of the businesses he works with they changed their payout plan he can't come because he's got to take on extra work that's fine when we do the. Next one boom he didn't lose it it does not expire until you use it. So if it takes you two years to get back to a training its waiting for you when you're ready you don't need to pick them they're there waiting for you it doesn't expire and price points no. Longer become an issue okay.

It's a really great deal it is something we developed by accident once again a bit my thoughts were lots of good things seem to happen and you get to choose whatever videos you want and that's where we're going. Next if you look. At the. Next page where it says.

But wait there's more right. These are all the video courses that we've done all the video trainings we turn them into live events now my recommendation is obviously killer influence you know about that stealth. CPI is just the drill down on the three day conversational hypnosis training the big distinction. I want you to make between.

CPI and killer influences killer influence is about hypnotic operators that know whereas. CPI is all about language. So if you want to go deep into language skills and hypnotic language operators the. CPI system or funnel is where you go when you want to expand beyond language.

So you can hypnotize or position yourself psychologically and differently now you're undergoing a killer influence because that's gonna teach you about spatial operators and colors and environments and embodied cognition where if. I give you a warm drink to hold you'll actually have more emotional warmth towards me than if. I give you a cold drink to hold. So depending on what direction you want to go that's the courses you would want to get.

I always recommend you supplement your live training with the appropriate video set right. If you can't get to a course. Then the video is a good. Second choice.

But. I would always always always recommend that you choose the videos that reinforce the live event you have if you can't or if there isn't one on the schedule. Then you know for instance if you want to learn do the unlimited lover material well we don't we haven't done an unlimited lover training in five years. So and.

I'm not sure when we'll ever do one if we ever. So if that's the kind of material you're interested in if you wanna go beyond basic attraction and into relationship and sexuality enhancement and things like that. Then get the unlimited lover trainings for those of you who love a lot of dense information kind of like this weekend where we just went really deep and there was still more to go get the older courses because the groups were smaller and. So we got to drill down very very deeply into stuff we don't sometimes we never get a chance to get to if you like the most up-to-date information get the newer courses because that has the most streamlined field-tested work in it.

But because the groups are larger we don't go as deep and cover as much material if you're somewhere in between pick as you need to write a lot of these courses will be going away because we have other product in those funnels coming out. So the really information dense ones they may be going away relatively soon. So decide what you want before it's too late. So yeah speed attraction is for those of you are interested in attraction and relationship applications the expansion on that would be unlimited lover.

So this. First speed attraction teaches you my my approach to approaching how to get your state right. How to do three magic questions how to do echo technique clothing vibing those kinds of things in a system that teaches you how to case of n you figure out who's attracted to you who to approach. First all the way up to getting intimate and and.

Then when you transition from ready to get intimate to getting intimate and when it'll ever material takes over and you learn how to custom create your own intimate relationships and things like that. So if that's something that you're interested in just grab those as your video courses if you're interested in erotic hypnosis or stage gnosis applications the erotic hypnosis stuff is always interesting not in them in the way they well it's me doing a stage type hypnosis. But it's it's more performance based is. I'm not teaching how to do stage of us although if you do like private parties and stuff you can take all the material from the erotic hypnosis trainings and do a little private party it's really good yeah it's fun.

I've done that a few times right. So that's kind of what it's about and. Then down here you have remember we went through all those videos on the meetup page well the early ones we recorded all of them as you remember and we turn them into products products that you can include in your mondo supremo package. So if you want to see all this back we were focused on hypnosis techniques and all the things that people want to learn about you can grab these because we don't teach these anymore right.

Hypnotic hot buttons forbidden secrets of conversation. I've notice how to get lucky for life it's not what you think or maybe it is you went to that yeah it's there's there's five psychological characteristics that all people who are naturally lucky share has nothing to do with metaphysics everything to do with perceptual filters and if you understand the mindset and the and how to develop that attribute you can increase your natural ability to have spontaneous serendipitous events in other words lucky breaks and that's what this course was really about was about teaching you those characteristics and. Then if you have something like identity by design you have these traits and these tools to go in and install all of them just like you would install relentless or curious just like you would go to your magic circle and install you know the easy that lean kind to self and whatever the characteristics are you have that because the. First characteristic of lucky people is they identify themself as being lucky which presupposes that you have an identity that says that.

But what if you don't well you can change it that's the whole point these cuddlies courses actually add more value to the trainings you've had because they give you more bullets for your gun just like when we teach the romance applications there are five characteristics of the classic archetypal romantic hero that when you install these traits in you your entire life improves and you become naturally attractive to the opposite sex just by walking in the room there's five of them romance writers have codified this and that's why all their heroes have cut from the same template right. If you adopt these traits if you there's a female romantic archetype as well and they're different if you weave a billion wicked thoughts you'll get a little bit of a insight into those. So those two courses go really well together for those you who are interested in those applications okay. So that's what we got obviously spiritual power is are spinning an intro to energy healing videos and things like that you can pick any five of them as part of your package that cool and again you don't have to decide you know you don't have to decide right.

Now just you know decide what you want before the end of the deadline which is. I think six fifty nine and. Then and and it's fine if you don't want to it's perfectly worth it at full price right. But for those even though you're gonna be around for a while you're the math right.

Questions before we go on to more stuff we have 15 minutes. I guess what end it now.
