Title: ui7h8CTSD_8.txt
Video Id: ui7h8CTSD_8
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ui7h8CTSD_8

Where's. Vanna when. I need her all right. Those of you can continue to feed your faces it's okay.

Cuz the more chocolate you eat the faster you change the more weight you gain. But that's a good thing cuz. I can help you take it off and actually um the less. I have to take home because.

I could resist anything. But temptation all right. So now. I've.

I've been getting some feedback from you guys and gals um throughout the entire evening and the primary word coming up was interesting interesting that means get to the point. So let's talk about this what if it were possible what if it were possible are we running. James yes. We are to literally walk up to any human being on the planet ask them three simple questions and within as little as 15 minutes have them on the verge of falling in love with you what would you do with that kind of power my dark.

Snider days are over because that's about what. I'm that's what. I'm about to share with you and those people who didn't come back will not if you didn't come back. I can't help you right.

My only my only request is if you had a good time post good things to the. Meetup if you didn't have a good time post to somebody else's three magic questions three magic questions is a code it's a code that denotes three categories of question they're very simple they are non-threatening they they fly completely under most people's radar and they will take you progressively deeper and deeper into that person's mind identity and past the fastest way to make someone fall in love with you is to match their values and have shared emotional experiences how many people have ever heard or had the experience like. I met him and it seemed like. I knew him my whole life life or ladies guys you've met her and it's like you guys just talk for hours and hours and hours that and it's like you just knew each other you were finishing each other's sentences right.

How does that happen you're about to learn okay. First level of question is called location occasion now here's the thing. I want you to understand before. I get into location occasion this protocol does two things simultaneously it generates attra damn it generates attraction and it elicits information to what end to find out if the person we're interacting with is the person.

I actually want to invest my time and energy in okay. This will save you ladies thousands of hours hundreds of dollars and bought dresses that you had to take back guys same for you now before you go thinking this is just about what's that. I'm not going to wear a dress you're in my class puppy. I'm a hypnotist as a hypnotist we take credit for any change that happens within a 5 m radius.

But location occasion what this protocol does and remember it was originally designed for women to be used on men now before. I get into it here's the caveat to this okay. If your self-image is such that there's a certain kind of man you sort for that will color a lot of this. So you have to be willing to do things that might be counterintuitive you also have to be willing to bail when they don't pass the tests man or woman here's the motto always be testing you're always testing okay.

Ladies this is why you spend most of your time being bored to death with the men you date they don't pass your tests guys this is why you get done yes. How do you feel about compliance tests what do. I feel how do. I feel about him yeah as long as.

I'm giving them. I'm great all right. Why do why do people sort for in in the pickup and seduction world they're called tests right. Ladies you've all had this experience is asking a guy to do something just to see if he would right.

And. Then of course when he does and he does it too much you luse all respect for him he gets boring and he. Next him right. Why.

The. Thrill. Is. Gone it's hidden in the.

Secret's hidden in your romance novels guys if you'd actually read this. Sho you'd understand it the man has to be a challenge he has to be somebody that she can win right. How many people when they were kids played. Sports you don't have to.

I'm just using it as an example anybody here ever win a trophy after you won the trophy and you know a couple months. Later how often did you look. At it it's just something collecting dust in your closet right. Welcome to be most people's relationships they get boring.

The. Thrill. Is. Gone the challenge is gone the spikes are gone when you're too predictable you're too familiar okay.

So one of the things that we want to do we start playing with the three magic questions is we want to remember that if we're sorting we got to know what we want going in right. As a rule because we have most of us haven't done the self work that. I keep alluding to we will want to sort for the same kind of guy in spite of what he does with our tests we'll want to color the the results. So when he doesn't pass the test you got to be willing to eject you got to be willing to say nope.

Next guys same thing when she doesn't pass the tests. Next you guys are the prize never forget that you by the very fact that you're in this room you are learning things about how to please and satisfy a partner that they will never know that you can take to any relationship that you have and custom design a level of intimacy connection passion and fulfillment want if you apply it if you don't you won't it's really that simple it comes to a choice choosing to do something different which by definition is a little threatening. But let me find my magic marker location occasion when you approach somebody the. First thing you're going to ask very simple you're going to ask them an open-ended question that has something to do with a the location you're in or what brought them to that place.

So what's your name again gotcha. Edna. Edna. So.

I'm curious. Edna what has that brought you here today what what did you want to get out of today my friend invited me your friend invited you you glad you invited you yeah very interesting excellent excellent. So. I'm really curious about something what is what do you do for living.

I'm an accountant you're an accountant what and how long have you been an accountant is that as exciting as it sounds yeah yeah brother very exciting um. I've been doing it for about 20 years about 20 years what got you what got you excited about becoming an accountant how did you decide to do that. I didn't decide kind that came you know in my life it kind of came to you in your life just kind of fell in there it just kind of fell. I was actually uh going to school for a psycholog psychology.

MH and. Then a friend of mine uh asked me to work for him part time and. Then. I'm like.

I fell in love with it he fell in love with it with the county see her responses she was looking for some weird double mean. But you fell in love with it right. Look. At her see your eyebrows.

I went from level one questions to level two career. SL passion as she talked about what she did that passion thing you fell in love with it see that phrase has neurological meaning to her. I don't know what it means. But she does and every time.

I say just in love with it you get a little look. At her she's lighting up like a. Christmas tree she gets a spark of emotion yes. Look.

At her eyebrows you're like that's called the unconscious hello by the way every mammal does it when they recognize somebody who's a friend somebody they connect with okay. So when your dog comes up to you they go they're looking for a friend okay. You walk up to somebody they go cuz that's what the guys are doing they're imagine walking up going there right. So.

Ed you fell in love with the county because you worked for a friend right. So what is it about what you do that you you obviously you've been doing it for a while right. So what is that keeps you going to work every day what keeps you going keeps that spark alive what keeps spark alive yeah um is when. I see my employer and show him the results profits in the company he is.

So grateful. So you show him the prophec he's. So grateful he's. So grateful.

But. I'm very detail oriented and you know. I love that. So at the end of the day.

I productive. I feel good how much did she talk and how much did. I talk not much because when you do this right. They won't shut up she wanted to make sure.

I knew everything how do you feel about me son of a. I like you exactly how long did that take what did. I do open you made her comfortable. I gave her certain key words back to her over and over and over again those are her personal trans words her personal identity and value words the words that have meaning in your life when you you just fall in love with it and you prove it over and over again you see the results look.

At her. So when. I talk to. Edna.

I want to talk to her when that she just falls in love with and she sees the results of this protocol. So she can do it because you want results right. You want to see the proof can you you can feel it can you. I can feel it right.

Again it's not about trickery it's now. I know more about. Edna than most guys she's probably ever dated sad the true and what do you know about the guys the guys don't talk the problem is the guys talk too much they talk about themselves no. They talk to they talk about themselves instead of letting the woman talk about herself they don't pay attention to way women are not do naturally that's the problem that's why you guys don't have only ever have.

First. Dates because she's sitting there doing to you what. I just did with. Edna and you talk yourself right.

Out of your. Second date because at the end of the day you just spew in facts and figures that she doesn't care about. But she's taught to be nice she's taught to be accommodating she's taught to smile and. Nod and say oh that's wonderful and all the while she's waiting for her bailout phone call you know the one from her roommate where if she doesn't call within a certain time they call and say her parakeet's having an existential crisis come home right.

Now right. Here's the beauty of this the longer they talk the better you look. Male to female female to male it doesn't matter if you do this. Proto call they will give you every single thing you need to know to win their heart and keep it while simultaneously giving you all the information that you need to decide if you want to you see if.

I were to ask. Edna about her life and she were to respond to me well. I. I my dad hired me as an accountant because nobody else would and it was a good it's a good deal because you know as soon as.

I make enough money and. I get off disability and out a rehab. I'll be moving out of my parents basement those people don't cuz they don't really understand me at work they're always putting me down they're they're jealous of me. I know.

But once. I'm out of it. I'll start my own business ladies ever date a guy like this every every every woman you're spying on me why because when they when you hit when you move from level one to level two questions bottom line is this in. America most westernized uh decan based societies you are what you do okay.

When we talk about what do you do for living we don't say. I do accounting we don't say. I do. Chiropractic we don't say.

I do computer programming we say. I am a computer programmer. I am a chiropractor. I am ma accountant those are identity statements when you touch and connect with someone on an identity level you create an intense emotional response that results in bonding and.

Attraction did you notice that as the longer. Edna talked about herself the more she wanted to give me she just couldn't shut it off right. And it's not that. Edna's broken or dumb or stupid she's obviously intelligent obviously attractive obviously knows what.

I'm doing and yet it still happened now how many of you are going to go out on your. Next date and say. I'm about to ask you three questions that are designed to make you want to fall in love with me and and give me the information. I need to kick you out of my life permanently and forever how'd you get here today it's not going to happen right.

The beautiful thing is is the moment you initiate this process the longer they talk the more attractive to you they become this is where you'll shoot yourself in the foot the guys will the girls won't they do this you do this naturally you're just going to get much more precise with it the whole idea is you pay attention to the words that come out of her mouth you pay attention and guys pay attention to the words that come out of his mouth because the words that come out of his mouth that he leans on in some way either with a tonal shift some kind of emphasis a pause a gesture those are the words that have emotional identity value to that person they go right. To the fundamental building blocks of who that person is when you give those words back in the order and sequence that they come out you activate her primary checklist or his primary checklist he automatically feels like and it corroborated like. I know her better than anybody she's ever been out with why she didn't have to decode anything. I said it was her own language and when you give people back their language their gestures their values in a way that they recognize that they're getting it they bond to you deeply okay.

Now couple of tweaks when you go to level two questions now you don't have to go as fast as. I did you could you can stretch this out to three or four hours right. Ladies talking to men. Focus primarily on.

Career get them to talk about their job. But when you get them to talk about their job you don't want to say what do you do for a living oh that's. So interesting no. No.

No. You have to be become devious say. I'm really curious about something what inspired you to become a chiropractor um having the experience myself having the experience yourself cool and you just jumped off. I want to be like you or was there some other thing going on um.

I was really interested in science and was really good basic science and. Physiology and interested me yeah cool here she goes she's too passionate about science and media see there she goes right. The whole idea is we want to find out what got what is what what got you into that what excites you about it what do you what do you see as your primary you know what what challenges you about what you do what do you do okay. I just and.

I want to ask you something. I'm a paralal. But. I do not like my job.

I burn out on it. So what happens if you ask somebody that and that's the response love to do what would you do instead um. I would travel travel uhhuh. So where have you been that you really love okay.

So you switch it to something else now we go to from career remember. I'm talking to women now right. A lot of times when you're talking to the waitress or the or the lady at. Starbucks this is not her career path okay.

She may like what she does. But it's not something she's passionate about now we have to start looking for the passion what is it you love what are you passionate about doesn't it make sense if we're on a. First date with some that at least part of us wants that person to find us attractive unless you're you know masochistic or something weird would it be safe to say that we probably want them to be somewhat excited and passionate about us too well guess what when you get them talking about the things they're excited and passionate about the very. Act of talking about it causes their physiology and breathing to change.

So they go into the state yes. Who are they looking at when those. States come up usually me. I'm.

But they're looking at you guess who those feelings get linked to how do you feel when you look. At me your wife it's okay. You can blush okay. That's my point we're doing this all the all the time.

Anyway it's just outside of your conscious awareness because it's outside of your conscious awareness you don't have any control over it. So you get whatever comes along your job here you're all here because you want more from your life you want to take the randomness out right. This is how. So it's either career or passion and again you want to start talking about you want to get really you don't want to sound like an interrog ation.

C what got you to that and where do you want to go. Next this is where this is where a lot of what we what we learn in communication in. NLP this is where a lot of the problems start to happen because. NLP works the problem is it works too well and too directly because if.

I say. Edna what do you do for living she's like. I'm an account and there's this little defensive reaction that's the you factor that's that reactant part remember because there's influence there's a question being imposed on her that she didn't ask for. So what you need to do when you start using this protocol is you need to soften it functionally softening is just telling them why you're about to tell them or ask them what you're about to ask them.

So. Cynthia right. You're. Cynthia you're.

Susan. Susan which one do. I want. I'll work with you.

So. Susan just. So. I understand you better what do you do for living.

I'm a site manager for a software compan site manager for soft is that something you had a lot of training for did you choose to do that or kind of choose you no. The company. I work for. B.

Building downtown and we had to remodel and was abandoned a long time and had to get a lot of services in there and and you would you fell into it huh and now that you've fallen into it how do you feel about it. I love it day is very different every day is very different cool see her once. I started hitting on a few key phrases she yeah you can see the change we're self-referential creatures ladies and gentlemen we love to talk about ourselves. But we live in a society we do we do own it because you'll never transcend it until you do the reason people wind up in my chair ladies and gentlemen is because of the things they refusing to accept for whatever reason they're not broken yeser.

Department of. Justice uhhuh back uhhuh well let me ask you a question just. So. I understand you see how it softens everything this is the secret to making this stuff work the problem is when guys get stressed out they lose all softening ability whatsoever and they sound oh oh very staccato very tur blah blah blah.

But you you you work in the justice system yes. I you know is it background fingerprints fingerprints cool. So let me ask you a question what was it about getting into the justice system that that. Drew you was it the money was it the the the mission what was it for you child.

Serv child welfare services we make sure that the children are safe you make sure the children are safe that's important scared from that men are scared from that. So you do something men are afraid to do no. That. I might find something oh oh men are scared that you might find something out right.

See see how she wants to correct me that's okay. Too she wants to make sure. I get it right. You realize most of what.

I gave you was just your own words nope she didn't no. No. You can't really talk about it you have high clearance you have high clearance. So is there like certain papers you have to sign because you can't really talk about it or or what right.

Right. How do you feel about me can you see her can you hear her responses can you see can can you guys see what's being what's happening right. She's very guarded right. And yet she's still responding they're not if you get a date like this go home right.

But the point is is nobody wants to be a blowdown especially if you're in the justice system. I am paid a lot of money to teach high level persuasion techniques to personal injury attorneys not the defense lawyers the guys who represent the victims okay. I teach the three magic questions protocol to them to win juries and expert. Witnesses over from the opposing side okay.

One of our two two of our recent graduates just won $172 million lawsuit is he single no. But for the right. Amount of money. I can say a few things and it will be happening like.

I said my days of. Darth. Snider are over. I find it's much more gratifying to save relationships than it is to destroy them and when you do these things that's what you will do you will basically cheat proof your relationship that's the beauty of this when you touch someone on an identity level whether it's emotionally or intimately sexually by giving their own checklist their own map back to them you automatically become the lover they've always fantasized about.

But could never never find and ladies when you find someone like that are you willing to let him go say no. No. Guys once you get past the whole. Miss right.

Now thing it's a joke if you found a woman who did just satisfied you on every level would you what would you do to keep her right. Guys are like. I'm. I'm pous we're made to see more than one horseshit right.

Men actually fall in love faster than women do didn't know that did you yes. But most breakups are initiated by women okay. There's a hormone release that men go through and if you can trigger enough of it they fall in love like that it's just most men have to train to have multiple orgasms most men need training to give multiple orgasms. But that's the secret there's a separate training for that okay.

But the point is is that the most oxytocin the bonding hormone. I talked about at the beginning of this this lecture is released during orgasm or 20 minutes of intense hugging just an idea you guys might lat ladies and guys might start to think a little tactically tactile right. So. First thing is location occasion you want to ask very simple easy non-threatening questions if you're at a wedding reception you may you may ask uh what do you think about the centerpiece what do you think of the band one of my guys after after.

I taught this this uh seminar he went out to a local. Club walked up to one girl he was interested in asking what are the drink specials do you know what the drink specials are he's been dating her for like six months now right. Because it's not threatening. There's.

No. Agenda other than yes. Now. I know you're not actually offering an opinion though your examples are not.

I think that this cent piece looks great or whatever it is you're asking. First actually it's all about getting them to talk you see when people move through the world they're in one of several. States this. I call this the drone zone.

But this is kind of a map of consciousness okay. As you move through the world your attention can be on the outside or it can be on the inside the default state for most people who are not in a war zone they're inside their own heads the default. State um you can also be you can be. Associated into the experience like if you're having a fantasy and you're and you're you're daydreaming you're kind of you know maybe you're imagine going down a ski slope as you imagine yourself going down the ski slope may actually viscerally feel feel your body respond as if you're going down a ski slope that's an.

Associated perspective okay. It's what we want. But not where most of us are okay. Most of us are in the other place which is dissociated the most easy way to to understand this is if.

I look. At a picture in my head of myself or of something that happened to me am. I seeing myself in the picture or am. I seeing it as if.

I'm looking at it through a like through my own eyes. Like a. First person game right. If we see it through our own eyes.

We tend to be more. Associated we tend to be in the experience if we see ourselves in the picture we tend to be dissociated which means as a rule we're not connected to the feelings of any experience or event most people are droning through the world in an internal dissociated state they're walking they're droning they call it the drone zone they're you know they're they're present in the room. But in their head they're going through their you know they got to they got to drop the dog off at the groomers they got to pick up their laundry they got an doctor's appointment at 600 p.m. all these things they're not present they're not in the moment they're in their head does that make sense in order for this protocol to work we must move them from an internal state to an external state from a dissociated state to an. Associated.

State we need them out of their head and in the world because that's the only place we can interact with them. But we need to do it in a way that doesn't set off any alarms it doesn't trigger the oh he's hitting on me alert or or she's interrogating me and judging me alert for you guys right. One of my mentors a guy by the name of. Mark.

Cunningham tells a story about how he dated this very attractive woman and after about 20 minutes into the conversation she basically ran down the laundry list of what she thought his approximate net worth was and how it would just never work. CU she was looking for somebody in a higher tax bracket and. Mark was just just beside himself not because she was looking for somebody in a hire tax bracket. But by how accurate she was in assessing his net worth okay.

Gets back to values too right. So many times when we feel like we're being evaluated and judged we start to kind of sabotage ourselves. So we need to create a friendly interactive non-threatening interaction that people feel okay. About the way you do that is you ask them questions in the right.

Way softened tell them why you're asking them about you're why you're about to ask them what you're about to ask them about something about the location you're in or why you're there. So you like com what do you think of the band never open end never yes. To no. Questions by the way eliminate them from your your vocabulary right.

As you get stressed out you will tend to do one of two things you will tend to ask you will tend to forget to soften and you will tend to ask questions that can be answered yes. Or no. You answer yes. Or no.

The answer it's over there's nowhere else to go you have to start over again now it doesn't mean you can't start over again it just means you have to reinvent the wheel whereas if you just give them an open-ended question where you get them to comment you have somewhere to go you have a way to ask this gu this eliminates the need to have to keep talking which is usually why you blow the date to begin with right. Ladies this is your opportunity to begin to fine-tune getting them to talk. But to talk about the things that let you know what kind of life this person leads if it's. Mona if you if you're talking to a gentleman and you ask him about what he does for a living and he said he comes out with the you know uh my analyst says that uh.

I'm really talented and and. I and uh you know once. I get out of rehab. I'll be.

I can go into the votch school and and you know right. He may be very genuine he may be very warm and open and honest right. And you're getting information you're actually doing the protocol that's going to make him more attractive to you. But the kind of information that you're getting is telling you what you're in for if you keep going you have to make a decision now here's the weird part is they will give you the nastiest most um they will try to make themselves appear better than they are.

But the detectors will go off left and right. You'll see them struggle you'll see them they'll come out with one thing and. Then they'll try and the minute you get those kinds of responses you know you're not dealing with somebody that's going to be upfront with you it's going to be honest with you right. There's a specific category of responses that we're sorting for if we don't get them we don't move on because in the.

Next phase of this you start putting yourself in their life yes. I have a question you have a question well hopefully. I have an answer if not. I will make one up.

I know appreciate it um well it's pretty interesting everything you said. So far um. But it is when actually you've been approached already. But how can it be more approachable because o good question it just never happened to me like since.

I remember no. One's ever approached you well yeah they have. But um always the wrong kind no. Not even.

I mean well tell me not even the wrong ones not even the wrong ones nobody like. I you know. I remember like uh being in my 17 18s 19s and go to a party and and everybody will be asked to dance and i' be sitting by myself going to a bar and everybody gets and. I just end up being by myself by myself.

So how can let me ask you a question how can. I become more how can you become more approachable. I will show you exactly how to do that is she beautiful by the way that's the. First thing to realize.

David yes. Yeah when. I approached her actually it was tough it was decision because she's beautiful and. I thought she was going to say you thought she was being snobbish and aloof yes.

Yes. How did. I know that. Happ how did.

I know that because most women who are attractive. But extremely shy take on body language that to somebody who doesn't understand it thinks they're being aloof and standoffish the body language of being a and a snob is almost identical to being shy from the other side's perspective remember. I began this meet up with the concept of approaching and approachability most people especially if you become a good. Orthodox background are taught don't make eye contact with people you're attracted to they might come over and talk to you right.

They're wondering why nobody talks to me is this the body language of being attracted no. Right. These gestures are not cultural they're genetic which means if. I go to.

South. America and. I do this and. I go to.

India and. I do this. I go to the. Wilds of the.

Australian. Outback and do this every single tribe knows what that means certain kinds of gestur certain kinds of behavior and physiologies are learned others are genetic. I don't play with cultural stuff because it can change. I only work with what's genetic what's hardwired into the system okay.

You didn't realize that's when you were giving off dig my whole life right. Did you it's been and. I'll bet people have unfairly accused you of being snobbish and probably. I don't know what it is.

But just nobody wants to come around you know. I always been by myself exactly it's the unconscious behaviors that we engage in now she's not she's a very sweet person right. And here's the secret you actually have been being do you know why why because you know what it feels like to not be included in the group and you've seen other people having the same problem and didn't do anything about it. So what you need to do from now on is every time you see somebody with that kind of body language that kind of reticence to get involved with the group you need to stand up walk over and introduce yourself because you know what that feels like and you need to save them would that be okay.

Absolutely see it you see the change just change your perspective see she knows what that feels like and you know how to save other people from that let them see that heart okay. Give her a big round of applause many times it's just a shift in perspective that changes lives sometimes you need a technique yeah. I have a question is what's your opinion on women approaching men. I think it's great scares the hell lot of most men you know they always say let the men come to you well the problem is when you approach a man.

First of all every guy would like it they just don't know how to deal with it because it never freaking happens and when it does the woman is. So direct. So overbearing that she completely overrides his boundaries as a rule and takes the lead in the relationship and all a sudden he doesn't know who the hell he is one of the biggest complaints. I have when.

I when. I coach women who are very very career oriented is they have to take on more and more masculine behaviors in order to function in the corporate environment and when they get home they get a guy who's as exciting as vanilla ice cream because as a rule they need somebody who's willing to give them that space to be that person when in reality they want to be able to the problem. I see a lot of is that women who spend a lot of time in the corporate environment where they have to be strong they have to be tough they have to be the. CEO or whatever is they don't know how to shut it off when they get home see we have all of these different roles and it's the roles and the identities that we spend the most time in that determine the results you produce in your life okay.

And what happens is with again we're getting into a lot of different things. So. I'm trying to keep it focused. But the bottom line is is we live in a society that's largely emasculated the male side of things the average man today produces 25% less testosterone than their grandfathers did okay.

And yet in spite of what most women will tell you they are still primally attracted to men who exibit dominant alpha male traits in spite of how feminist they may be or educated or whatever why because it's programmed hardwired genetically into you okay. I could tell you stories lots of really weird stories. But the bottom line is we create a. Persona we create an identity how we think we need to be in the world and.

Then we become. So connected to it that we can't be anything else right. And it's because we don't step out of that we don't try on new set of clothing or identities or personas we wind up generating the results because only the people who will fit that. Persona that mold will be attracted to you because they're dealing was a fit.

I. I get it a lot. I see a lot of guys a lot of uh a lot of guys are very very nice guys they're good providers. But they get in a relationship and the woman runs the show and and that's the way it should be you know.

But there are certain key times when the man man has to step it up where the man has to be the man and when he doesn't that's when things start to go south because they don't understand the rules and by the way if you've bought that book. The. Rules go home and burn it because all it is is the rules on how to stay single okay. Is that the book.

The. Rules mother never talked about dating yeah yeah it was yeah yeah throw it out burn it get rid of it brain rules no. Brain rules is by. John.

Medina that you need to know see remember we'll close that. Loop real quick women when they get stressed out get really picky men when they get stressed out get very general they get very very. Global they want bottom lines now what do you think happens when both of these two come home from a stressed day at the office he wants to run into his man cave he just wants to get get to the freaking point she's going through every. Nuance of her day in excruciating micro detail.

But that's not even the worst part she starts going off about all the problems she had with the kids all the problems at the clinic at the office with the you know the telephone repair man the cable company screwed up the billing again the dishwasher repair guy didn't show up he went to the wrong house and you start fixing her you start telling her how to solve the problems and all hell breaks loose cuz you didn't get it she she's more than smart enough to figure out how to solve her problem she probably figured it out hours before you came home what she wants is somebody to vent to that's it you want to have a happy wife sit there and get slimed and realize it's not about you most of the time you will have your moments yes. If the relationship like start off. Le. But it back what do you mean exactly.

I took. More the lead of the. Rel relationship and now kind of see that there's a conflict shift it back to you want him to take the lead in the relationship. I just feel conflicted he feels uncomfortable with that he feels uncomfortable being a lead a lead.

But that's how you started the relationship right. Here's the thing. I learned uh it's in that's my daughter my daughter and my wife back there by the way as you can see my wife is hot. So are my kids not that.

I'm biased. But uh. I like to tell stories about my wife uh my wife is extremely smart why she ended up with me. I have no.

Idea three magic questions three magic questions we haven't got. I know you guys keep open looping me that's how. I know. I've got you the questions just start rolling each of these these levels in this and.

I'll get back to the approachability thing because it's it's one of the main reasons we're here. But we need to understand the other stuff because if we don't understand the other stuff even if we do get into the relationship that we really want we need to know how to keep it and if we don't understand these. Dynamics it will come back to haunt us at some point okay. Level three questions past.

Pleasant childhood experiences. So the key question in this category goes something like this. Cynthia. I'm.

I'm very curious about something you are tell me about where where did you grow up oh. I grew up in. Minnesota. Minnesota cool who were your friends what did you play at when you were a kid what did you love to do when when.

I was little um we played believe it or not. Batman and. Robin. Batman and.

Robin oh that's. So cool you love like superheroes. So were you. Batman.

Robin or batg girl or the. Joker one of the villain girls one of the villain girls everybody fought to be. Catwoman everybody fought to be. Catwoman did you win not always not always cool see your face how do you feel par it's all right.

Cool. I love superheroes you saw my house you'd be like he's such a geek voted one of the top 10 pickup artists of 2005 he's a dork right. The whole idea when you start talking about. So what did you love to play.

Batman and. Robin was that the only superhero game you played or what else did you do bikes bikes we our bikes cool. So what was like how old were you when you really just realized you love riding bikes. I don't know yeah yeah.

So was your did you drive like a girly bike or was it like a hot like boy bike or or whatever it's a girly bike yeah cool right. Now she's not giving me a lot of um what we call personal trans words little phrases or little turns of uh things that let me know a lot about where she really hooks her experience. But she's given me all kinds of other non-verbal stuff. So what.

I'm doing is. I'm just giving her words back to her and that's still having an amazing effect isn't it right. Because every she she can't remember those experiences without going back in time the most powerful experiences and emotions and memories that we have childhood remember at the beginning of this. Meetup.

I said when you come into this world your one big blank hard drive whatever comes in. First becomes a standard by which everything is measured right. The further back in somebody's history you go they can't remember the experience without going back in time in hypnotic terms we call that age regression. But because she's with me.

I'm connected with you and we're talking about when you played you feel it and you talked about when you played. B you you played. Batman and. Robin and you play you struggled to be.

Batgirl right. No. Catwoman catw. I'm sorry and she she corrected me right.

You struggled to you wanted to be. Catwoman right. You rode your bike now. I'm there with her from a experiential perspective how long how long do you feel like you've known me now.

But yeah it does feel like a long time yeah yes. Um to move it up and uh talking about women getting them to talk as you can see we like to talk and also if you want to be honest which. I think most of us do what. I'm finding in me dating is now.

I'm older and had some baggage experiences. But it's made me who. I am. But when people ask me questions in the beginning of dating and.

I have heavy duty answers um uh and. Then. I maybe say a little bit too much before they get to know me. I'm having a hard time with that okay.

Cuz you know it's not who. I am today it's made me the strong woman. I am today and we don't have control over sometimes what happens to us in life and. I really believe that you're a few different people in your lifetime absolutely and uh.

But because. I'm a very very open social person uh and once they start talking you know there are a couple depends sometimes on. I guess the training and what they've experienced in life how much they can handle in the beginning sure. So.

But. I'm having an issue with that um and my family and friends are like. Susan you know don't say anything you know no. I wouldn't go that far.

But that happens a lot you see ladies and this is something to understand. We crave intimacy yeah. We crave connection right. The problem is in our in our in our.

I don't want to use this word. But. I have to in our lust to get that connection to get that intimacy that we feel is missing from our lives we do the equivalent of shooting giving somebody a sip from a fire hose the problem isn't that you're is you're isn't that you're giving information is that the volume and the rapidity is is is creating a feeling it's creating an encroachment on or a sensation of encroach roaching on somebody's boundaries it's almost sometimes like. I'm tting them to see if they're okay.

And you're finding that most ar welcome welcome to men 101 remember guys want to be. But they nobody's taught them how we live in a very very confusing time for young people or even older people because gender roles have changed. So much they truly have the fastest way to reboot the system is is to move back towards. Primal masculine attributes and develop and cultivate those this is for the guys.

But for you especially because you need a man who's strong enough to handle everything you have to give not only do you want intimacy. But there's a passion inside of you that's bursting to get out and you can't give that to somebody until you know they can handle it and deal with you and keep you in that space. I was just thinking if you meet someone wide away and they're providing. So much information get go it could be overwhelming that's the point she's she just needs to understand what she's doing kind of slowly kind of get to know that person.

So they feel comfortable and be willing to modulate what you're doing because you get you sense a connection you sense the potential in a relationship and you go yes. You need to say not yet right. Because that's what guys do usually when it comes to sex if they can draw a straight line between maximum pleasure and minimum time and where they're at they'll take take it and he's done and she's going. I'm.

Ready the secret guys to yes. You're there with that right. The secret to getting women turned on faster is to be indirect if you want to turn them on faster go slower metaphors huh metaphors no. No.

No. No. No. You have to understand you ever see a woman eat a dessert does she go up to the dessert train go yes.

Or no. Her willpower is at an alltime low her period's on forget it it's over. I've been there guys. But here's the thing the when you watch the.

A and. I say the average one there's exceptions to every rule. But exceptions won't help us right. Now till we understand the.

Norms we can't deal with the exceptions does that make sense does that make sense okay. If you ever watch a woman eat her dessert or even eat her meals she's very she tests she tastes she takes her time if you can draw a direct line between your food and the stomach she goes everywhere. But guys not. So much we will be much happier if we could just zip open our stomach and throw the food in and zip it back up okay.

Because that's how we think that's how our system is designed that's our map if you want to be more successful in your relationships both sides both genders have to understand the maps of the other side and this is the big one be willing to change oo can't tell you how many times. I teach this seminar people come up to me afterward goes. I go to seminar after seminar. I read book.

After book. And he still won't change yes. So curious. So.

The. Stereotype folks and. So on in real life is that um if you gave that direct line to men. I the moment that you have sex with them they lose interest that's it that's not true right.

It's not true it's what we're taught. But it's not true it's not true if you set it up right. If you screen them right. Right.

You can have sex the. First night and have an amazing relationship in fact most of the. DAT the female dating coaches that. I have studied with or learned from they'll tell you that even though most the books you read today the rle books are like 30 days that they're all going the other way than we're just saying yeah they are and and the reason is because it's whole respect thing well the problem with respect is it's going the other way now we're losing respect for the men.

CU they don't know how to man up anymore because they've been emasculated by the society okay. Most don't get me started because. I want to get you guys through this you guys. I really want to.

I want to give you guys something you can use instead. I you know. But the reason we do this to go back to to working with cynth and. I understand where you're coming from all you need to do is just dial it back a little bit give them a little bit see what they do if you want to think of it as a test give them a nugget see how they respond and.

Then decide if they deserve more mhh okay. Tease them with it. I had. I had a lady who uh very nice lady um could never figure out why every guy ran running ran screaming from her cuz she was you know relatively attractive she was a little on the heavier side and she thought that was an issue no.

It wasn't she had the almost the exact same thing going on she saw somebody she was she she grew up being very direct she was a military brat you know uh dad was an officer and she was just used to being the the daughter of the uh the colonel or something like that and. So she would just walk right. Up and and initiate these conversations and things like that couldn't figure out why nobody hung around because she was she believed in being honest she believed in being open she believed in being an open book. But it was too much too soon okay.

Guys will do this too and they all sudden they want to move in with you right. Some people related some stories to me earlier that that happened right. They they meet this person they think it's a great relationship and all of a sudden right. Do go directly to jail do not pass go do not right.

Because they want it too much you need to modulate give them a little bit see what they do let them earn more okay. Set your rules and keep them set your boundaries and keep them yes. Earlier you said that women have to know how to extract themselves. MH.

I know. I'm just okay. Couple of ways that you can do it a you can be very very you know let me close this because otherwise you guys will never get to practice this. I actually want to have you guys actually walk up to each other and start 3M queing each other and have fun with it.

But these are the three levels what you have to do use about level two is where the rubber hits the road that's where you're going to have you start to gather enough information that you know if this person's worth your time you want to take him to the. Next level when you talk to people you have to pay attention at these two levels to the words that come out of their mouth to the gestures they use when they say it and when you describe your experiences because ultimately that that will happen they'll tell you something and you'll look. For an analog in your life where that was true also where you had a similar experience it's just neurologically the way we're hardwired right. When you describe that use their words to describe your experience that's it use their words to describe your experience don't reflectively listen no.

No. No. No. No.

No. It's. Kiss of. Death don't get creative don't say what you think they meant that's doubly the kiss of death anytime.

I want to get with my fight with my wife. I just tell her what. I think she meant give them remember this goes both directions male to female female to male male to male female to female it's a universal give them their words in exactly the way they gave them to you when you describe your world your experiences use their words to do it they will automatically feel understood connected and in love the longer you do it and you will eliminate the vast majority of miscommunication yes. Oh refective listening.

Kiss of. Death what do you mean exactly by reflective everybody here knows what reflective listening is yes. Or no. Raise your hands if you know okay.

For for those of you who don't know what reflective listening is do you know it or are you just asking oh yeah. I pretty sure. I know. But like it's sort of like think of it as it sounds like.

U and. Then paraphrase what they people say like some might say. I'm afraid of heights right. And and you might say something.

So you're really affected by high altitudes right. Okay. No. I'm afraid of heights right.

Even though on one level we seem to be saying the same thing the difference and the ability the the the the amount of work. I have to do to process that experience creates a disconnect. So it's best not to paraphrase come back with the exact words in sequence it's best to give them their exact words okay. Exact words in in my conversational persuasion classes we call that.

Echo technique you'll never go wrong you'll never go wrong especially if you're doing it with sincerity you. I tell this story. I get hired to do corporate trainings and things like that. I got hired to go out to.

Israel and people always challenge me on this especially this technique because it shouldn't work just shouldn't work. But it does. So. I'm in a room full of um uh.

I. I was. I was hired to train the. VPS.

I was hired to train the marketing people and. I was hired to train the. R&D people and. I'm doing a presentation to the.

R&D people and there's this one guy sitting right. There and as. I'm talking about this. Israelis are fun.

I love them they go. I don't believe it this would never work. I go you don't believe it he goes no. And it would never work no.

It would never work and everything. I he said. I gave it back to him and and you can see everyone around him going and he's getting into it just like just like. Edna did just like.

Cynthia did just like. Suzanne did just like. I don't know what your name in the back there is. But even she started giving me more and more and he's just into it telling me all why how this wouldn't work and.

I'm telling it doesn't work no. And it goes and. Then about five or seven minutes into it. I look.

At him and. I say and. With all sincerity because. I wasn't trying to show him up.

But. I. I sometimes you just need to you need to prove the point. I said have you realized yet that.

I'm just giving your words back to you and you know that those cartoons where the guy eats too much hot sauce and the red just starts to kind of climb up and. I thought this guy was going to blow his horn all over the place and he looks at me and he goes are we really. So stupid everybody laughs when he says that. I said no.

No. We're not stupid we're selfish your nervous system is designed this way you're looking for somebody who completes you how many people lost it when that phrase phrase was uttered in that movie what the hell does that actually mean it means your map of the world matches mine that's what it means your job now is to use this protocol these three magic questions to find the match for your map faster easier and more efficiently than ever before because you can do this in as little as 15 minutes or you can take hours if it's really going well it takes the randomness out of your communication it takes the trial and error away it lets you know right. Away who are the keepers who are the ones that can handle me who are the ones that just ain't man enough to take what. I have to offer who are the ones that are going to be there when.

I really need them who are the who are the guys with a life that actually has a life. I want to be part of that's what this does. But you have to be willing to follow the process and when the information goes against what you were hoping for be willing to walk away otherwise you're back to square one and you've got a puppy dog now cuz if you go to level three on somebody they will fall in love with you because that's how we do it we find somebody who validates us on the inside that makes us feel worthy makes us feel seen respected cherished important who we have a history with who we feel that. Timeless connection with and when we find it we want to give him everything you understand three magic questions works for everyone okay.

Approaching and approachability approachability ladies forget everything you were taught mostly questions on this before. I go further you guys want to know about the approachability factor okay. First of all remember that exercise we did earlier where. I had you stand and sit like you were the most attractive person you've ever been practice it a lot practice it to the point where it becomes your natural automatic way of moving through the world when you meet somebody make and keep eye contact with them now it doesn't mean you have the serial killer stare okay.

What that means is you hold their gaze softly you see them it's like you could you say the eyes. Are the mirror of the. Soul if. I'm just staring at you versus connecting with you can you feel a difference right.

When you do that another thing. I'm doing that's completely obvious. But not when. I'm standing here talking to.

Shayla got the name right. How am. I standing open and imagine this is going to be weird for you ladies. I know.

But imagine that the top of your rib cage was made of plexiglass and you could literally a person who you deemed worthy could literally look. Inside your chest and see your heart the real you and when you talk to them show them your heart and let that come out your eyes. Feel it look. At her she's all gushy right.

This is called the heart-to- heart trust trigger it signals openness without being got to say it don't be afraid to be a little at the right. Time okay. Okay. But when you talk to people make and hold their eyes.

Softly don't be afraid to look. Around their eyes. Without you you don't have you don't have to stare into it right. When.

I'm holding your eyes. Okay. I'm looking into one eye. But.

I'm showing you my heart and almost like there's this beam of energy just kind of wrapping us together okay. That will create a very powerful neurological connection outside of conscious awareness. But it's the feeling it's that connection you guys have been looking for and never again because most guys are focused on the words and they don't care about the words they care about the feelings and if you start with the feelings if you start with the if you start with the feelings the words will take care of themselves that's the secret most guys and again ladies too. But we're always looking for what to say it's not about that it's not about what you say.

But how you say it if you're coming from the right. Feelings in your body you can literally recite the. Gettysburg address and make people fall in love because four score in seven years because we don't respond to the words. First we respond to the body language we respond to the tonalities and when those things are right.

The words take care of themselves understand it's all about feelings guys we're always looking for the. Next cool pickup line the most effective pickup line. I've ever taught goes something like this hi how you doing. Works 96 % of the time when a man approaches a woman.

Works about 100% of the time when a woman approaches a man there's a little bit of difference. But it really is that simple if you're. I'm sorry yeah sure hi how you doing that's it. I know it's anticlimactic right.

We go up we ask them a very simple non threatening question what brought you here today you smile positive eye contact by the way this is not positive eye contact it's important because guys you'll miss this you'll walk up to someone she'll give you the hi how you doing and you'll think you're doing great she's ticking off her laundry list she's thinking about taking the dog to the vet getting her deworm maybe getting neutered while he's looking at you not a good thing right. What you need ladies is you need to give positive eye contact and. Men you need to understand what's the difference the difference seriously if we approach a guy and saying hi how you doing nowaday they won't take a r. So we can do that why you know.

L why not. I know been. T to. I know you've been we've been taught a lot of right.

I would venture to say most of us in here we're taught pretty much the same thing how many of us are single maybe they didn't get it right. Not that. Mom and. Dad were wrong they can't teach you something they don't know you know that old story about the ham and the pot how many people don't know what the hell.

I'm talking about okay. Once upon a time there was a family and it was. Thanksgiving and every year it came time to make the ham and. So.

Mom would get out the pot and she'd get out the ham and she'd cut the ends off the ham and put it in the pot and put it in the oven and uh little girls watching she go mom why why do we always why why do you always cut the ends off the ham she goes well that's the way. I was taught mom always cut the. H you know the ends off the ham and that's been our tradition. So that's that's why we do it she goes.

But. But why well. I don't know let me ask. Grandma that's my daughteri come on up it's all right.

The estrogen. Factor just went. So she calls her grandma up she goes mom why why why do we always cut the ends off the ham and. Grandma goes well cuz my mom always did well can you call.

Great. Grandma and find out why why she cut the ends off the hand sure. So she called great grandma and uh. Grandma's guessing her eight late '90s.

I was lucky to have a great grandparent. So. I can say that and she goes well that's real simple honey you know my pan was to too small for the ham. So.

I just cut the ends off to make it fit most of what we're doing we learned when we were this tall and it was designed to keep us safe to keep us from doing weird things that would get us hurt. But some of us were told not to cross the street as children right. How many streets did you cross to get here today. So clearly some rules outlive their usefulness right.

I wish things were as simple as they were in the 70s which everybody complained was really a confusing time to live and isn't amazing how every generation is always on the brink of the. Apocalypse. Anyway. So talk about their career focus on the words that come out of their mouth remember this whole process is about focusing on positive experiences when you start asking for positive experiences and they start giving you the worst evilest nastiest paranoid driven dramas you can imagine it's time to go hit the escape button you're dodging a bullet okay.

But here's the thing you have to go. First with a lot of these protocols because there has to be that level of sincerity there that level of connection which means because you're invested to a certain degree in this relationship you'll want to gloss over all that let's say well he's a little he's a little tough right. Now. But he has potential potential pardon my.

French. But potential all right. Life is too short for people with potential gentlemen women do not want to be the center of your life contrary to what you might think what they want is to be part of a man's life who actually fraking has a life be that guy and if you're not there yet learn there are ways okay. There are ways say why don't you go back to.

Mommy no. You want to be my daughter the ham. I'm not going to cut your ends off though questions about three magic questions before we get back into approachability positive eye contact means when. I look.

At you and. I smile the little wrinkles on the side of my face are visible guys when you go into a venue and you're going to approach as you. Circle through the venue the. First thing you want to look.

For is every woman who gives you positive eye contact ladies your job when you see somebody that looks interesting. First rule eye contact and an invitation to approach is not an invitation to sex it's an invitation to approach it's a signal that says you look. Interesting come talk to me. But you have to do it with your smile with your posture with your eyes.

And your eyebrows flash flash your eyebrows out okay. Because the way you know the way most of you are used to doing it tell me if this this is kind of true for you guys guys you're at a bookstore or a club you're at a bookstore at a club you're sitting there looking at your favorite. Sports. Illustrated hot attractive lady walks over and just kind of hangs out in your area for a little while you're like nice she's going.

St one she wanders over again walks past you strike two strike three loser he has no. Clue why because she's using his map or she's using her map she thinks she's being blatantly obvious guys here's the rule women do not give attention or stand close to people they're not interested in to some degree when a woman does not like you or does not want to be involved with you even if you're in a fraking elevator she will systematically remove you from her environment either directly or indirectly some of you may have seen this hi right. They're back there and you you can go high waving the things around and they're just ignoring you like you're not even there that's what they do if you're getting anything else. But show it of a kick to the groin by the way usually no.

Sign sometimes depends on what part of town you're in any kind of attention is an invitation to interact it's not an invitation to sex. So get it off the table. But it is an invitation to approach okay. If you.

I know this is again. I have to go back to the guys because they this up. So bad ladies. But it's important to understand because you think you're being really really obvious like you're holding up a big fraking sign no.

You're at different parts of the same map your stuff is too subtle for them to pick up on their stuff is too in yourr face. So we have to find that happy place this is mine. I love this kid. AES okay.

Um where if. I going with this pattern it keeps looping me. I'll never be able to use this video for anything. I'll have to put it on.

YouTube um where's. I at oh. So remember if a woman ladies and you can tell me if this is true or not true for you you ever walk up to some waitress or or salesperson at a store or. Clerk or something and you say something and she gives you a smart as fromom.

AR right. And like all of a sudden you feel like all of a sudden you're like the world's biggest loser and your nut shrivel up did you know she was attracted to you we call that the shot across the bow okay. Where does that come from comes from the playground when you're 5 years old in kindergarten a little girl sees a little boy she really likes. But she's got friends who won't approve.

But she wants his attention. So what does she do well she can't say. I like you come play with me. So she walks up and says ew you're a boy boys are yucky she walked 100 yards through snow across three fights and a and a.

Jello pudding pot vendor to say ew boys are yucky what do we see boys are yucky. I suck and for the rest of our life we an average frustrated chump because that early primary experience becomes what's familiar because nobody told us what those behaviors really mean. So every time we get in a situation where. I could possibly be accepted or rejected by a person.

First thing your unconscious mind does is goes okay. Have we ever been in this situation before yes. What happened she kicked us in the nuts and ran screaming oh right. Because that's how it happened nobody told us what this stuff really meant if you can most guys at this point really start kicking themselves right.

About now because they realized how many opportunities they missed because they didn't understand you they didn't understand. I told you. But we're not dumb we're more ignorant than anything else okay. Ladies always always good posture open show them your heart doesn't mean flash your cleavage you could if you wanted to.

But that's really not this class positive eye contact guys when you're moving through the crowds and you don't see positive eye contact put them at the bottom of your list those are the hard targets those are the ones who are probably figuring out what they're going to do at work whether they're going to leave their. Next job they're they're processing all the crap that you don't want to be connected to right. Doesn't mean they're bad people just means they're not the right. Fit for you yet remember our whole purpose here is to find the fit right.

To find the fit. I don't care if you're looking for. Mr. Mrs.

Right. Or. Mr. Mrs.

Right. Now it's the same process does that make sense okay. If you do this take sex off the radar she'll put it back on ladies true or not true when you come in without sex on the agenda they start putting it back on right. That's a whole other class.

But um and. I don't think. I'm going to have time to do that. I was going to do the seven stages.

But you guys want more of an approach and approachability okay. When you want to extract yourself from a situation guy's coming on to you he's he's approaching you he's just not getting the message okay. Very simple things like. I really find you interesting.

I'd love to can. I get your email address we follow. I'd love to cont you know get me to know you better through email right. Because to them that's a close right.

And it's honest you're not saying no. Because it's not necessarily a no. Right. You could say oh there's my friend.

I have to go right. You don't need to throw up the bit. Shield right. Hey.

Rockstar come on down here um. But the smiling is important positive eye contact dramatically important when you're engaging with a man show them your heart some key attraction signals that you want to pay attention to when a person is showing you their palms their signaling openness vulnerability desire for connection. Thus they're doing this and even. Then it's like yes.

Okay. That's sh an interest. But how how can. I know if let's say the guy with the.

Sports magazine and. I'm walking through and he's just not looking at me how can. I know to me that tells me he's not interested yes. But that's not the case he's unaware he doesn't know you're trying to signal.

But you're interpreting it based on how you would respond to that. But it's not actually what's happening because you're interpreting what you see based on how you think things are supposed to be you miss opportunities most of the guys don't they know you're there. But a they're either afraid to approach or they really are what looking at they're. Sports.

Illustrated and don't realize you want them to come talk to you you literally have to come up and say is that the is that the most recent edition of. Sports. Illustration location occasion right. Is that most recent edition what do you you know is it a good article is it worth getting he just thinks he died and went to heaven hot chick comes up puts his hand on her hand on his shoulder and asks about.

Sports. Illustrated. Hallelujah. H right.

But now you're engaged you've moved him out of his world and into yours now you can begin the process of. Attraction because until you do that you're dead in the water okay. I tested this and by the way this is not about being intelligent. I tested this on.

I was uh how many people here know who. Lisa sassic is okay. If you don't um get to know her especially if you have your own business uh she she's uh the queen of sales conversion. I was a member of her.

Elite. Mastermind for over a year she's a master at selling and presenting from the stage her demographic is primarily professional professional female entrepreneurs by definition not dumb people by definition not shrinking violence right. And when. I was in that.

Mastermind. I would regularly talk to people in mind of. Starbucks during breaks or whatever and. I would just start the the three magic questions and.

I just sat there for the. Next hour and let them talk because people are passionate about their passions and when you show an interest that's why you got to watch the fire hose part because you want it. So much you overwhelm them right. For you how many people how many ladies just say show hand how many have had that experience just the desire for iny is.

So strong you just gush all over them and they go screaming realize that that's what happened you didn't do anything wrong you just at that point in the relationship he wasn't ready for that does that make sense okay. Um what do you what do you do when you actually miss something like that cuz like. Last week. Last yesterday mhm.

I had somebody that literally followed me around for a while uhhuh and kept touching me and you totally missed it well no. I. I recognize it. I just had my mind on other things and.

I know. I'm going to run into the person. Next week see what she does the. Next time you see her if she does the same thing you still got to shop if she doesn't windows closed doesn't mean you can't retrieve it she's just mean you got to work just mean you got to work harder to get it back if it's something you want remember.

I'm giving you control over your dating and social life. I'm teaching you to take the randomness out of it. But you got to actually do it does that make sense oh you can't just do it for me that's a different class um. So have we beaten the approachability thing to death a little bit right.

When you're approaching positive eye contact guys if you don't have positive eye contact don't approach that's simple one of the things you can do when you go into a venue whether it's a by the way ladies you can do this too you can the minute you walk in. First thing you ought to do is get your state right. Rockar cuz you know how to do that don't you yes. Yes.

Live it right. As you walk through the venue on your way to the. L's room or the men's room scan like you're looking for somebody look. For all the people who give you positive eye contact make a list when you get to the radius of the room decide who your targets are and approach get your state right.

So you survey as you walk in you set the frame. I am the. Rockstar. I'm the prize hear me roar right.

As you move through the world beam it to people make positive eye contact smile both goes for both of you when you're engaged at as you're going through these three magic questions watch their pupils more the bigger their pupils get the more into you they are okay. That's a neurological response okay. Can't hide it okay. I call it the pupil dance yes.

Okay. Go sit with. Mommy okay. All right.

Um oh. I told you. I was going to tell you how to save relationships didn't. I have.

I done that yet here it goes ready everybody here know who a guy named. John gotman is okay. He runs a thing called. The.

Love. La you ever read a book. By. Malcolm.

Gladwell called blink. Gman is this mad scientist marriage and family therapist who created this software program that could reliably within the space of 10 or 15 minutes predict how rapid ly or how quickly a couple was likely to divorce based solely on the verbal and non-verbal. Communications about 97% accuracy. So he got this crazy idea he said if.

I can figure out within a 97% or more greater level of accuracy the likelihood of a couple to screw up is there a variable or a set of variables that if it's always there the marriage makes it and he found one you ready if big if the man can communicate to his woman in such a way that she feels he is being positively impacted by her good intentions her good words the marriage makes it in other words if she feels that he's getting what she's communicating and signals that he's got it she'll stay problem with that is that most guys are like we just say get to the point and we start to apply our own maps to the territory and before we know it we're back to fightville remember more breakups are initiated by women than men usually because of this one element okay. Now how do you communicate to a woman in such a way that by the way it doesn't say he has to obey her key element here she's just got to know you understand where she's coming from and you communicate it to her in a way that she gets that if you do the marriage is likely to make it how do you do that any ideas you smart guys listen reflect that reflect no. Not reflect no. Ech.

Echo her words her words. Echo her values the words that come out of her mouth are the most important words to her okay. When in doubt by the way um the catch all phrase for getting out of deep is. I'm sorry.

I was wrong. But there's a process you have to be aware of because if all you say is. I'm sorry. I was wrong and you don't understand and what comes.

Next you're back to square one when you say. I'm sorry. I was wrong be prepared for the venting okay. She's built up this head of steam she's been gearing up for a fight it's got to go somewhere.

So the moment look. At listen to the ladies the moment you cop to something and if and if it was your fault be. H you know it's fine be prepared for the stream of ventum and steam that's going to come pouring out of her mouth her nose and her ears aimed at you own it let her vent and it'll go away the moment you try to defend yourself the moment you try to justify what you did you're back to square one cuz the the argument is already resolved. But she still needs to decompress she needs to vent those feelings and if you don't let them vent.

Then they will vent in other places like the bedroom or lack of the bedroom okay. Women have a very different physiology than men that's obvious. But hormonally speaking women go through a tremendous tremendous amount of changes day by day by day okay. And ironically they need intimacy.

I.E sex more than you do to be healthy. But they have more barriers to intimacy because of how they're socialized because of the upbringings that they've had. So you need to make it easier for them to be the person they want to be does that make sense okay. I've tried to kind of play.

Both. Sides here at the risk of alienating the other. But. I'm trying to give you guys things that.

I run across pretty pretty frequently okay. Um which brings us to a quick question how many people got good stuff tonight raise your hands how many people are trying to fight going to sleep how many people would like to take this stuff for raise your hands just all right. Couple things we got coming up um. I hand these out real quick uh this is part of my ongoing self-mastery series.

I just did a two-day training uh not too long ago um some of the graduates are in this room highly recommend you talk to them this one is specifically geared towards relationships attraction dating it's a two-day intensive it's called real world romance attraction amplifier weekend intensive and a lot of it is about self-programming. But a lot of it is about relationship and social dynamics how to re um thank you how to consistently redesign those filters we talked about earlier. So that you only sort for the right. Kind of people we'll go deeper into the seven stages of sexual arousal which is kind of what.

I wanted to to touch on today uh in ter once we got through the three magic questions because once you understand the seven stages of arousal you can look. At any couple any time any place and know exactly what stage they are and how close they are to actually doing doing the dirty deed to getting intimate okay. Because all. Rapport.

SKS start with back. Tob back that's total antipathy as people move. CL from. Clos to intimacy their orientation changes there are seven distinct stages we call it the mating dance once you understand the mating dance guys you'll know exactly what to do and when to do it because through five of the seven stages the woman's leading if you match her cues and and you do what she does as she does it except at key points you have to take the lead you can move from stranger to intimacy once again 15 minutes.

I actually um how many people here have seen my uh the the. Last. Renegade romance video that. I put up online.

I actually brought a young lady up and did a demo of the of the of the process man just not my night for mic work uh. I did a demo of the process and. I lit she was a marriage and family therapist. So she was not a dumb lady and we literally as.

I'm talking to the audience. I'm just mimicking the body language stages and you literally see her falling in love throughout the course of the demo just from the physiological changes kind of like when. I was talking to you guys right. Okay.

Same thing when you combine these two now you have a very very powerful. Universal way of connecting figuring out getting to know somebody and attracting them at the level you want in as little as 15 minutes that's part of what we'll be doing that weekend uh we'll also be going through your belief systems we'll be moving fears of. Abandonment fears of rejection we'll talk about um we might even put in a little segment on uh how to be a little bit funnier not to take yourself quite quite. So seriously um got a couple other things coming up that uh.

I want to let you guys know about. I keep losing my. Eraser. So like.

I said before most of the time when. I'm doing this work. I get three kinds of three kinds of people. I want people who want to go you know.

Allin okay. Um. April 26 to the 22nd we have a 5-day uh. Charisma persuasion and enhancement training it's a 5-day immersion course in a complete system of persuasion and influence everything from.

How to. Win. Friends yes. Yeah.

I'm not there yet. I'm. I'm not there yet okay. Um.

So that's a training that's not that's really not a fit for most people in this room unless you guys want to really go deep into the persuasion aspect. But. I wanted to let you know about it it's. April 26th or 22nd through the 26th.

Next part is um everybody gets a free gift tonight one of my gifts that. I want to share with you is uh for those of you who want to do one-on-one work. I kind of want to know where to go. Next.

I'm giving everybody here a free 30- minute consult. I don't promise to fix your problem. But. I promise to help you figure out where we need to go and what we need to do the way you get in on that is very very simple on your chair you'll see two business cards at the back of the room are three envelopes write your name the time and date slot you want there's one day for.

Wednesday one day for. Thursday one day for. Monday write your name write your phone number take your business take one of those business cards write your contact information on that card write your name on the outside of the envelope put it in the card put the card in the envelope does that make sense. I'll.

H that out real quick. So. I want to get you guys out of here it's been a little longer than. I intended um.

So it's real simple you got two cards. So you decide what day you want there's only like five slot five or six slots. Seven slots for each day. So.

I can only do this this week. So really just write your name and your phone number take the business card with your contact information put it in the envelope okay. My girls will contact you to schedule your consult okay. Now again.

I. I teach people. I have classes that we offer. I have.

Consulting that. I do. I also have a two-day intensive which is the thing. I've just handed out this is for people who want to take the self the do-it-yourself approach to these things who want to clear out their own crap program themselves to attract the right.

Kind of people if you have. PE if you consistently find yourself attracting people that are just not the fit that you want and you know you deserve better this is where you want to go now sorry pH no. This is personal this is one-onone you come to my clinic and. I'll sit down and talk to you for 30 minutes free of charge normally to walk in my door is 350 a session okay.

Um. But for you guys it's my gift for just coming out tonight um what you've got in your hand is the. Renegade romance amp traction amplifier weekend and basically the information that. I teach in this course.

I normally teach in my killer influence training which is a $1,997 training okay. It's taught in four days and. I just drill you for 12 straight hours this is the. First time.

I've taken the material from that course and offered it specifically for this application and to co-ed audience. I don't normally uh teach this information. I've just started teaching this information to women. I think they need it uh.

I hope you guys would agree okay. Um normally that's 1997. But for those of you who want to jump in and get on this on this training. I'm giving you a special.

I'm going to cut this to 497 for the whole two days plus uh. I will give you a free pass to my monthly mentoring group now that's a little bit of a different process that's. I get. I get together once a month with my.

Elite students and what we do is. I literally go and. I say what do you want to learn today what do you want to learn today what do you want to learn today and. I.

I write it down on the board and. I and in that moment. I create the lesson plan and for the. Next four hours.

I drill you on those skill sets until you can you can do it in your sleep okay. So anybody who wants to jump on this two-day training it's. March 1st and 2nd it'll be here. Vision pulse um.

I'm going to give that as a free bonus our. Next meeting will be. March 15th you can come to this one or you can come to the month following in uh usually the. Third.

Saturday of every month. However because. I like you and you tolerated my daughter that turn her a big round of applause thank anybody who wants to jump in tonight. I'm going to cut this and get both trainings and.

The. Mastermind for 197 okay. Getting started is really really easy just fill out your name all your information hand that in to me before you go we'll get you signed up and we will get you started on the life you want the way you want it okay. Is that.

Mastermind is that like a uh. Mastermind do it go on for a year or lifetime or what this is a this is a free pass to one session it's it's an ongoing process it's done more like kind of a subscription you come for as long as you want and. Then when you got what you need you move on. I've had people who been in.

The. Mastermind three years. James has been with me for going on three or four years he now co- trains with me on a lot of things um. Paul just joined.

I've had people that you know they come for five or six months they get what they need they go and they get the life that they want my job is to give you the skills to go get your life one of one instructor who. I'm just starting to kind of respect a little bit says the uh. Superior student graduates and moves on the the inferior student keeps coming back well it's not exactly true. But my whole goal is that for you to go out and get the skills you want to get the life you want not a year from now not three years from now today to give you those skills to go out make it happen and when you're ready for more you know where to go only come see me when you need to or just cuz it's fun and you like my smiling face right.

But that's kind what. I'm about right. So we went a little bit longer than. I intended there's a lot of a lot of chocolate a lot of coffee left.

I hope uh how many had a good time tonight raise your hands yeah cool like. I said if you had a great time post good things to the. Meetup if you didn't somebody else's. Meetup is waiting for your comment have at it.

I'm happy to hang out answer any questions you might have um about things we got going on thank you very much have a great night thank you very.
