Title: Clearing Limiting Beliefs &amp; Reprogramming The Subconscious Mind
File Name: ujB1eRJTRoQ.txt
Video Id: ujB1eRJTRoQ
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ujB1eRJTRoQ

You learn [Music] about cool awesome if we can we have stuff because this is also going streaming we can use the mic. So the people who are not physically here can hear well since you since you want. Center. Stage young man you can explain mik etiquette since you're.

So good at barding the damn thing most of the the time. I'm a microphone distributor thank you very okay. So mik etiquette just model. David okay.

So this does not count as talking into the mic this does not count as talking into the mic. KN this also doesn't work if you're talking to this part you're speaking through it imagine it's a megaphone you want to project through the base this is talking into the mic check one check yes. If you have a question raise the hand get the mic. Then once the mic is working avoing tapping and you know hopping into it speak into the mic and that would be great thank you.

So much you have impressed the rumble very nicely that was quite good they can be taught all right. Guys don't don't be shy get up. I'm gonna have to make you. I gonna have to make you guys do the raspberry drill is that what's cling oh.

I'm gonna do it. Anyway it's coming vegan can well you know it's the. Girl. Scouts you never know okay.

Well we have them for sale because we have a little granddaughter to support granddaugh representing both of them and cookie sales. M vegan remember. So are we going to do the anthem because if we do that we might get blown off of. YouTube or actually any other social media [Music] platforms okay.

It's got to be dimmed all the way because well you yeah and. Then we're gonna look. Stupid no. You mouth the words they'll read your all right.

Tell send messages out to everybody who streaming that to go to. Amazon. Prime fine hooked on a feeling well that's what. I'm saying is go to.

YouTube and just pull up the they can dance with us in their own time. So as. David put it. I think go on to a.

Second. YouTube page pull up put down a feeling and when we go mute play alongs to do that. So. I us well you know the.

Q right. You guys like this time slot better or is no. I'm not talking to you. I'm talking to the audience that people actually showed up does this time slot work better than like seven earli is better this worked better.

So we have one one each ear better be better okay. Sam any input time slots hey oh hey. Joseph. Joey.

Ram how you doing brother good to see good to see you too now. I can practice now. I can do systemic [Laughter] demonstrations oh he's been everything he was one of my martial art students you started actually right. Or was it you started masterminds start.

The. Mastermind. Then. I did oh yes.

Oh he'll tell you like. I teach everything. I you know um the only thing. I do is.

I just watch your progress to see what you guys are what they're what they can handle and what they can you know. So. But yeah. I don't really hold a lot back most people make it stop make it stop sounds like a.

Time gentlemen ladies and. Gentlemen please rise for the. NLP power international anthem for those of you on. YouTube and other live stream platforms if you haven't gotten your.

Hooked on a. Feeling booted up when would now be a good time to do that please assume your favorite. Power pose think. Victorious thoughts.

I mean if it's a. Joy's room no. I mean like like you can't go well. I don't mean right.

Now do it. I'm just chilled upstairs and like oh it's like 10 o' your microphone's on the secrets of how to un reprogram your subconscious mind for health wealth success and happiness in minimum time. I'm your host for the. Next two and a half or three hours or.

However the hell long this takes. Dr. David. Snider okay.

I got a little chance to talk to some of you uh pregame warm-up as we'd call it uh. But just really quickly for the people who came in during the anthem where did. I where did. I put my little question marks here men for today here we go.

Lisa the lovely. Lisa what do you want to learn today what do you want play with two very loaded questions in. Lisa's world this is from our our people who signed up through. Meetup.

But some people didn't sign up through. Meetup. So of course you didn't because you know everything well the things that. I've gotten what do.

I want to learn today what do you want to play with what do you want what do you want to explore by way just for the record. Lisa is a very very skilled and well seasoned hypnotist. So anybody works with her you're in for a ride um. I think that yeah just you talked about getting back to.

I'm m is more comfortable with the mic give a h just a microphone and watch the magic happen it's kind of how it works. So this will kind of be the opposite of number one. So number one says why are some programs. So powerful they keep coming back to take over again and again what about the opposite what about if you want to be who you were before all the happened to you.

So getting back to getting back to back to who you were or who you want you know who you want to be who you were you're. G to hate and love and love my answer at the same time anything else pass. Joey. Ram thank you um just going back old uh trauma aggression work finished the class great class onine.

I thought to myself geez. I wish. I had some people to practice on and. Then right.

On. Facebook. Here we are. So yep all right.

So you're looking for practice practice not the practice you you actually answer on meet up it wouldn't let me it wouldn't let you somebody said practice with. It quotes there we go somebody's reading your mind yeah there we go. Tony that's right. Tony right.

It's close just working on techniques all right. New techniques new techniques yeah okay. And did. I miss anyone all right.

Do how many. Zoomers we have well we're just going to do. Zoom for now how many any questions from our. Zoomers while we're working on that um let's talk about why some programs take over the mind and body again and again and at the same time we'll.

Circle back and and talk about getting back to who we were. First of all this is a this class this particular breakout is about rapid change now when we talk about rapid change we think of hypnosis we think of. NLP we think of holographic for those you who are familiar with holographic memory resolution these are all very very rapid change. Technologies.

But the problem isn't to change a lot of times the problem is finding what to change and the the fastest path to with the greatest leverage. So the. First thing that. I want to.

I want to talk about is what. I consider to be one of the most important realizations. I had almost for the. Last 15 years at least maybe longer since.

I was certainly it it happened for me when. I was in. Acupuncture school and that is that everything human beings do is in response to a feeling a feeling they want more of or a feeling they want a whole lot less of period every motivation every. Behavior.

Every. Act positive or negative is driven by a feeling we either want to get get or get away from which brings us to our. First understanding of pretty much anything you want in terms of understanding human behavior and that's this it's called towards and away from right. Now most people unless you are part of a special community in parts of.

LA. Chicago most of us move towards pleasure and away from pain this is what we call a meta program what does that mean it means it's cross contextual doesn't matter what the context is your body if. I'm if. C and.

I are out on a date and. I'm really enjoying my my time with. CA. I'm going everything about my physiology is going don't be bashful come on in.

Billy pick out a best everything about my body language everything about my non-verbal communication is going to be moving towards. So if if. CN and are are seated right. And.

I'm really enjoying my time with her and. I really she's becoming more and more important to me. Then. I'll move from something like this to this to this to this right.

Everything about my nonverbals will start to do what towards the things. I want towards the things that give me pleasure if forl for some reason. I'm absolutely repellent to her. Then as.

I start to move in she's going to start to hell no. Right. And if she and if she can't physically move away. Then she will create.

Distance by barriers she'll turn her ventral line she'll cover her chest she'll cross her legs these are all things that you will see blocking access to the center line of her body everything about human behavior can be distilled down to this one simple idea and when we're looking at humans especially when it comes to influence we have to be able to create urtic right. If you were to and. I. I have.

I. I rub shoulders with some of the most advanced body language experts and behavioral uh engineering experts in the world and if you study with them you're going to get laundry list after laundry list after laundry list all these subtle variations on body language which will completely keep you occupied for 30 years and you still probably won't be able to do much with it and it's not because the information isn't isn't true it's that there's too much there's too much of it to be practical unless you're being paid $80,000 a year to study this stuff 40 hours to 80 hours a week. So you can go undercover and hunt down terrorists or or whatever right. It's just they're just it's just not a practical thing.

So we start looking again how does that work with reprogram the subconscious mind because this is all subconscious right. Every. Behavior you're generating the ones that are are are what we call utilitarian they're giving you benefit they're driven by feelings the ones that are causing your life to be a. Cess pool of crap and missed opportunities and whatever they're caused by feelings too and.

But the problem is is your body is trying to move towards something by avoiding some or move away from something by avoiding it when in actuality what that tends to happen is it actually causes you to re-trigger the pattern this is again from. Buddhist mysticism and. Buddhist psychology right. Up into like military level mind control it's the same thing the the the the attempt to avoid a pattern actually causes you if you go to.

So it it it it it becomes a recurring theme. So if you've dated the same person with a different face for the. Last 10 20 years you know what. I'm talking about if youve got if.

You' gotten this gotten into different jobs and the same with a different face betray you hold you back you know talk bad about you what's the common denominator it isn't the job right. There's something there's a pattern running below the threshold of conscious awareness that's playing with your towards and away from mechanisms it's creating a set of body feelings and perceptual filters that cause you to perceive the world a certain way and because of perception is belief and belief is perception you get this downward spiral right. The. First thing we have to do is become aware of this.

So two directions that we're going to go besides towards and away from remember that your body is the fast track to change now most of us are taught that our mind controls our body now for those you who aren't familiar with my background. I spent over 18 years uh in a clinic and. So on top of everything else in a. Clinic in salana.

Beach helping people deal with physiological illness caused by repressed emotion and. I'm talking about everything from con chronic constipation asthma to terminal and terminal cancer multiple sceris. Parkinson's lupus muscular distrophy you name it. I've dealt with it and when you peel back the layers you get to the causitive.

Matrix for lack of a better word it's repressed feelings there's a story that's the body's generating a feeling and it's trying to deny that feeling and it adds more and more energy to the process and before you know it you not only your your your emotional stagnation causes what we call a chi stagnation that. CH stagnation pulls in denser elements like blood we call in. Chinese medicine call blood stagnation those blood stagnations form lesions tumors polyps uh cysts right. And they block energy from one area and put too much in another and now you have all kinds of domino.

Effects of imbalances and that's what the study of. Chinese medicine is about. But it really comes down to the stories and the patterns connected into those stories that are bringing about the problems and the benefits that you're you're having. So for many years we were all taught that the.

Mind controls the body and that's true enough to be true. But functionally it's it's theoretically true functionally the inverse is true more often than it isn't and that is this is that your physiology controls your psychology now. I'll give give you a little sidebar to kind of support this how many people know what a cult is okay. How many people here know what brainwashing is okay.

First two things that are going to happen after you've been love bombed into a group right. When you feel safe is they're going to whisk you away to some far off location they're going to surround you with people you don't know and they're going to mess with your sleep and they're going to mess with your diet because your willpower is based on glucose and sleep and because you you've been disconnected from all of your context anchors all the all the anchor points in your day-to-day life that maintain your sense of who you are your body goes into a state of confusion it goes into a state of of danger and now you've become hypers suggestible and. So now what will happen is you will start to look. At the because your your reptile brain wants to survive and be accepted by whatever tribe it's surrounded by you will start to take on on the attitudes beliefs and behaviors of the group and your identity will shift to become part of that group and be accepted by that group and.

Then. Then once that starts to happen now the punishment and reward. Cycles will begin okay. I don't care what you know and less people take offense there are more.

Cults today than ever before they're not all religious some are. Financial some are lifestyle right. It's it's it's it's. But it's it's it's just one of the things you need to understand is that if you if you get the book.

Um combating cult mind control by. Steve. Hassen uh it's a really good understanding of of that. Dynamic and it's being perpetrated on you guys all the time from both sides of the political or ideological.

Spectrum they're all using the same tactics my job isn't to say one is right. Versus the other as far as. I'm concerned if they're all using the same tactics they're all full as right. You hear me say this and again again.

I mean no. Disrespect although sometimes. I do um all belief systems are including mine right. The question isn't whether a belief system is right.

Or a belief system is wrong the question is is it useful is it giving you the life and the lifestyle that you want for yourself is it making you happy if the answer to that question is yes. Keep it keep them. But if it's not if the belief system you grew up with and the value system you were in that was installed in you at a time when you didn't know any better is making you miserable which by the way was well over 50% of the trauma. I dealt with was people not able to express who they truly were and what they wanted to be the rest was trauma like just repress traumas and things like that and that's another thing we need to talk about is drama can happen in many different ways.

But one of the things. I want. I want to really clarify is we don't none of us re aside from what the. DS smv says which again.

I'm not going to breach on that one a trauma is any perceived violation of a physical or emotional boundary now the key word in there is perceived if you perceive if if you're yelling at your 5-year-old because she stole something from the store and you know put it in her. PO pocket or something um and you have to discipline your child for that she's going to perceive that as a trauma in spite of your best intentions why because you're having to impose a boundary on a on a creature that doesn't have any. So it's impossible to not traumatize your kids and raise them well right. It's not your fault the that happened to you growing up your responsibility for cleaning it up our parents can't teach us what they don't know right.

So we're all the victim we're all the victims of the the the product of childhood trauma right. By well-meaning grown-ups and and. Godlike figures who fed us and clothed us and hopefully changed our diapers on a regular basis. But the idea of once we become aware of you know something happens to us and.

Then your body wants to spit that up your body wants to say hey can we deal with this and you go no. It's a sunny day and. I want to listen to music right. You've all had that experience you're driving down the road it's a great day you listen to your favorite tune not a cloud in the sky got the.

Sun and all of a sudden a shitty memory from when you were seven pops up right. Now you go pulling off to the side of the road slam the car and park and say. I'm gonna go and deal with that or you turn up the radio louder and just keep driving right. This is why your traumas keep getting stronger this is why your patterns keep coming back because you're not letting the unconscious mind your brain stem and the spinal cord do what nature programmed to do over the course of millions and millions of years vent that okay.

Um. So close a loop on body we're all taught that if uh if. I can control my mind. Then.

I can control my body now that's true if you are a. Olympic level athlete a high level. Yogi. Buddhist monk doubt sholin priest right.

Somebody who spends a lot of time elite soldier somebody who spends a lot of time being forced to deal with high stress situations right. If that's you. Then yes. You can absolutely do crazy things with your mind.

But if you're like everybody else the inverse is true the body feelings that you're aware of and the body feelings you're not consciously aware of are pushing your buttons and that's why when we want to access the deepest most powerful part of our subconscious mind at least in the context of clearing stuff we can't go through the. Mind directly we have to go through the body probably can't see that right. So this brings us to something. I want to talk about called the um let me see if.

I can find it there we go this is called body centered energy. Psychotherapy this is part of our identity by. Design program for those of you um who are interested in getting a deep dive into high level behavioral training and transformation uh we have one coming up when when is. I.

Then oh it's this month. March. March n yes. And it'll be here at this hotel.

So if you guys are. VI tickets or you want to come in see moss and we'll show you. But. I want to give you guys this because this is one of the.

Rosetta. Stones of transformation and. I don't really care if you're if you're coming at it from a. CIA military level mind control behavioral modification type of a system or you're coming from a.

Buddhist mystical tradition or taichi or chiong perspective where you're going to do these things through. Alchemy this is true and this will this is the fast track to making change we call it body centered energy psychology or. Psychotherapy because the the primary portal that we use to get to the mental and emotional bodies or the spirit body and the energy body is the physical body all right. So the.

First thing we want to talk about is semantic engagement whenever you're doing any kind of imaginative change work or any kind of meditative work if you can physically act out the change in other words for examp example one of the techniques we'll probably do tonight is called the gry room now in the gry room you imagine that you're in this. Dome shaped room with pearly gray walls in the center of the room is this big roaring fire with a beautiful fireplace and amates. Warth energy and all around you are colored squares on the walls that oops that represent the good stuff and the not. So good stuff.

So you're all imagining this big dome with right. The moment. I started describing it you couldn't help yourself right. That's how your unconscious mind works it's through the combination of sematic.

Engagement imagination and breath three things imagination sematic engagement and breath right. I'll explain it a little bit differently at identity by. Design. But to make to be functional with it imagination static engagement breathing now and in the gry room.

I'm going to look. At the squares that represent the not. So positive things. I'm going to reach out and.

I'm going to touch one of those squares now if. I if. I understand sematic engagement the act of me physically reaching out and touching an imaginary construct links different parts of my brain differently because your neurology can't tell the difference between something that is vividly imagined and something actually being there the moment. I start physically acting out the change.

I bypass your neocortex. I bypass the critical faculty of your subc of your conscious mind period and the longer. I continue to act out my change work the less and less power the neocortex has. So if you go to a.

YouTube channel and you go and you watch identity by. Design or any of the programs that. I teach you will see us acting out all kinds of crazy because if you do that the only variable is time you don't have to believe it you just have to do it and within a very short time your neurology will take over and this is a big one because it seems like a small thing and we have to get over the problem is that a lot of you guys want to do this in your head for years. I was teaching and she'll tell you for years.

I was teaching meetups here and. I could always tell who was going to get the deepest level of change and who wasn't because. I'd say do this and they'd go and. I say 'd do this and they'd go right.

And. I knew they were the because they don't want to feel silly right. Trust me when. I trust me or don't trust me if you don't want to.

But believe me when. I say the power is in the playfulness even when you're dealing with the most. Honis manic nasty one human being can do to another you're never going to be more effective by getting sucked into that level of seriousness and. Trauma.

I've been. I've seen everything from cult recruiting people selling their wives into prostitution active shoot dissociative. I've. I've seen it right.

I've had. Satan in my chair at least twice picked his ass both times right. Um uh actually don't even get me started see you have no. Idea what the.

Next three years of my life are going to be like uh. I thought. I wasn't excist until. I started training with.

Dr. Jerry. Allen. Johnson and now.

I realize there's a whole lot more in that a lot more fish in that pond. But uh be that as it may. So the the thing. I want us to really start to play with is this understanding that if you have a recurring pattern in your life the act of.

AO of trying to avoid it is actually what's perpetuating it. So if we want to break that pattern we've got to get to the root cause we've got to get to the initial sensitizing event now the good news is we don't need these long dra necessarily we don't need these long drawn out regressive processes to get there and this brings us to to part two of this sematic address and you see it on the signs if you can point to where you feel it you can change it every single behavior that a person generates is based on a feeling they either want more of or a feeling they want a whole lot less of whether they're ious of the feeling or not it's still there and it's still affecting the part of your brain called the reticular activating system reticular activating system is the physiological mechanism that controls your level of. Consciousness now functionally. Consciousness is the what you can perceive and the meanings you assign to it functionally that's what your.

Consciousness is you can have the same data point in a room and if she has a a a more loving unconditional uh. God is the world is an abundant place kind of a mindset she will perceive this one data point in a very different way than somebody who has a world is out to get me kind of an energy it's the same data point completely different world functionally it's all about the awareness and the meaning that you assign to things that's that's mediated functionally through the body feelings conscious or unconscious. So you'll hear me say from time to time everybody in the world has two sets of beliefs beliefs they know about and beliefs they don't well you have two sets of body feelings too besides towards and away from those you know that those you that are above the threshold of conscious awareness and those that aren't. But they're always there and if you know how to ask the right.

Question you can give the internal search engine of your body the the right. Command to give you the information you need okay. We call that um sematic search engine okay. So let me finish the sematic address point the sematic address is easy to find all you have to do is say there's a place in your body where the feeling is stored where might that where might that place be.

First impression and you're instantly you're gonna you're. G to have a. First impression that's your node that's where all of the vibrational energetic emotional physiological in information stored in your nervous system is reconstructed and that point becomes a portal into the three bodies. So let me explain that a little bit this is a holographic memory unit this is this is as.

Richard. Baylor likes to say this is my hallucination. I got this download many many like 2018 2019. I was teaching killer influence uh which is the number one.

NLP training program in the world. I was teaching it in the. United. Kingdom and.

I got this download about how human beings create their patterns now every thought memory. Daydream trauma fantasy that you have ever come up with ever will have conscious or not long-term or not is built this way there is the red line represents a vibrational. Matrix now this is a cross-section you have to think of this like a multi at least at least a three or four dimensional construct that's in motion okay. The red line is like think of it like you can also think of it like a a rewritable.

DVD made out of energy the red line represents the substance upon which all of the information is encoded the visual auditory kinesthetic. Factory and gustatory are the primary channels of information we would call this the qualitative uh the qualitative band within each of these channels are subd distinctions. So if we're looking at visual right. I have a visual modality a visual cortex.

But what's the language of that cortex it's not. English it's not. French it's not any spoken language because that's a much deeper level of the nervous system than our neocortex. So what is that language of the of the visual cortex fuzzy black and white or fuzzy fuzzy or clear black and white or color three dimensional two-dimensional those are what qualitative distinctions each of your five cortices works this way now aside from being qualitative differences each of these qualitative differences functions like a computer command it tells your nervous system how to represent the experience to you everybody stand up we're gonna have some fun you guys want to have some fun because.

I can see you guys the eyes. Are starting to close down a little bit. So here's what. I want you to do.

I want you to think back take a moment think back to a time in your life when you're having most fun ever and. I'm not going to care whether it was either clothes on or off not my business. I'm not the pleasure police all right. All.

I care about is that when you remember that amazing experience it is the funnest juiciest most exciting. Hallelujah brothers and sisters moment ever right. It could be as simple as biting into a freshly baked chocolate chip cookie right. Out of the oven could be your.

First romantic experience could be your. First. Divine contact what. I don't care.

I want you to close your eyes. And. I want you to remember that experience. I want you to take a moment see what you saw hear what you heard smell and taste what you smell in you taste when you do that when you're in that place when you see what you see and you hear what you hear and you smell and you taste what you smell and you taste there is an amazing wonderful feeling a feeling of.

Joy pleasure whatever word you use to define it for yourself that is the best any thing ever. I'd like you to notice. I'd like you to become aware that there's a place in your body where those amazing feelings start where they grow where they spread from take a moment point to where you feel it as you point to where you feel it notice there's a color maybe even a series of colors connected to those wonderful feelings. I'm curious.

I'm wondering what color of colors that might be for you. First impression now if there were a picture picture floating in the space around you that represented that amazing color with all those amazing feelings a picture that you could reach out in touch with your other hand where would you reach out to touch it. First impression excellent now let's make sure we've got the right. One take both of your hands trace the outline of that picture with both of your hands.

So you know how big it is and grab the edges of it and slowly make the picture bigger without slugging the person. Next to you notice what happens to the feelings in your body do they get stronger or do they get weaker doesn't matter which one happens just notice which it is bring it back to its original size excellent keep the size of the picture exactly the same as it was originally now without changing the size of the picture slowly pull it closer and closer to your body notice how your tingly. Parts start to tingle more. I see some of you shrink in your picture don't do that keep it the same size lift it up over your head pull it down around you like a big blanket woohoo notice how good that feels that's right.

No. Only gets better now you can have this feeling back at whatever level you want in just a moment. But for the sake of our drill. I want you to unwrap that feeling lift it back up over your head hold it up there and turn it into a big old frisbee.

I want you to take that frisbee. I want you to throw it all the way behind you. So it disappears behind the. Horizon completely when it disappears behind the.

Horizon completely scan your body notice what happened to your good feelings did they get stronger they we did they go away completely when you're ready lift your hands up imagine your hands are now the world's most powerful frisbee magnets suck that frisbee right. Into your hands as you hold your power up there. I want you to. I want to give you the most important message.

I can give you today inside your mind body and soul you are the god or goddess of your reality you are the king or queen of your universe and you have every right. Privilege and authority to make any change that you want for any reason that you want. I want you to take your power in hand right. Now.

I want you to play with it. I want you to make that picture you're holding bigger make it smaller move it up move it down move it in your body move it out of your body notice how every time you change the size shape and location of that picture the feelings the intensity of feelings and the qualities of those feelings change too and. I want you to keep playing with it until you find the exact size shape and location that gives you the exact feeling that you want to have at the exact intensity level that you want to have it when you find that sweet spot fix it into place notice how the feelings in your body shift and change the energy flows from the picture to your body from your body to your heart from your heart to your bloodstream from your bloodstream every place your blood flows those feelings go into every nerve and every cell and every atom into the very. DNA of those cells transforming reprogramming turning each and every cell of your body into a powerful.

Perpetual pleasure. Factory each cell of your body generating more and more and more of those amazing feelings in an infinite ever expanding and. Unlimited. Supply there's no.

Need to measure it manage it or make it happen faster just notice the process taking place allow it to install itself completely when you know you've got it it's locked in test it try to bring the original feeling back try to turn this better feeling off and notice what happens instead and when you're satisfied stop testing the cup here notice how good you feel hallelujah hallelujah hallelujah hallelu well done give yourself a big round of applause have a. SE all right. What did you guys notice this is this game this is called the frame. Game by the way um this is a very powerful again multi.

M dimensional exercise this is something. I did with uh when. I whenever. I would uh vet somebody as a potential client this is one of the.

First things we would do. Second. Third thing actually. But it was always on the to-do list because of the power that it has what did you learn from this how many for how many of you was this your.

First time doing it couple of you okay. So big guy let's where's the microphone no. He's give hand it something similar that that. I do is where.

I can bring a golden ball the positive energy on myself excellent. So. I can feel it it's silver to that perfect now. Next time you do your.

Golden. Ball well you actually you spend a lot of time making them bigger and smaller right. Yeah practice making it like connect the ball to the feelings in your body now make the pick the ball bigger just the act of reaching out and and doing this see how it changes your experience this is called a sematic bridge you have different divisions to your nervous system we have the inter we have the propri receptive nervous system which monitors the spatial locations in and around your body. But it also monitors.

NOS acception the canal reception. U interoception electromagnetic fields uh if you had such a thing as a if such a thing like a six sense existed it would be your proprioceptive nervous system because it it monitors all these things and most energetics are non-local phenomena. Anyway and this is where a lot of your ability to perceive things intuitively comes from. But what happens is when you actually con using your hands connect the physical interoceptive component of your nervous system to the exteral component of your nervous system you open up exponentially more.

Pathways to the same data. So instead of having one on-ramp to a location you've got 50 or 100 different things. So you remember that your eyes. And your hands have take up more real estate in the brain than any other parts of you.

So just the act of using your left and right. Hands activates both hemispheres we start seeing colors we start doing other things now the brain lights up like a. Christmas tree and what's happening is you're bypass you're not actually bypassing your. Neo cortex again.

I could talk for hours on the. Neuroscience of this um. But we wouldn't get any change work done. So.

But. I want you to understand that this is the this is how you your nervous system was engineered to work to get change fast you have to get past the neocortex into the lyic system into into the. Paleo cortex into the brain stem and spinal cord most of what we'll be doing today will get you into the. Paleo cortex and the lyic system if you want to get into the spinal cord uh you got to sign up for some very intense trainings um.

But we do have those um. Anyway. But we're using a much more. Primal fundamental language to the system than your spoken words okay.

How many of you noticed when you made your picture what happened when you made the picture bigger what happened to the feelings in your body stronger did anybody have the inverse effect that's fine did you get stronger when you made it smaller yes. You're concentrator about 60% are what we call expanders about 30 to 40% are concentrators uh there's about a 10% window in there who get nothing from. But they do get it from proximity almost everybody whether you're a concentrator or an expander will feel a shift when you when you when you bring it prox more closer to the spinal cord now did. I tell you to feel that way no.

But. I sure as hell predicted it didn't. I why. I've done this with th tens of thousands of people all over the world.

So when we start dealing with uh reprogramming our minds and bodies we have to understand from a neural linguistic perspective that you have different kinds of language most people trained in. NLP spend a lot of time on the spoken word or the spoken language they're they're trained on visual auditory kinesthetic. Factory gustatory. But they're trained on the words you understand oh he's using visual words oh he's using kinesthetic words right.

And if. I understand those words. I can now extract a strategy. But what is a strategy from an.

NLP perspective well. I'm glad you asked how many people here know what a spark plug is okay. You guys know what spark plugs do huh they spark yes. They spark right.

So in if in in the older engines. I don't know how the newer ones work. But when you actually had cylinders right. Whe whether now you have little magnets right.

But you would have if you had a six-cylinder or a four-cylinder or an 8 cylinder you would have these rows of. Pistons with spread plugs in them and there was an order or a firing sequence that had to be just right. Or the car wouldn't run smoothly every behavior that you have or you engage in even though it's inspired by a feeling and a set of memories has a firing sequence in your brain oh he started with a visual. Then he went to an auditory.

Then he went to a kinesthetic. So literally the visual cortex the kinesthetic cortex the auditory cortex they lit up and that created a certain type of behavior or a certain kind of experience right. So that's what. NLP kind of focused on in terms of what it was trying to to help people understand mind-numbingly boring uh and in some cases amazingly complex right.

But there's a different way of looking at this this visual auditory kinesthetic and old factory sensation qualities differences this is the true language of the autonomic nervous system and every single thing about you is written in that language it's visual auditory kinesthetic. Factory gustatory metaphors vibrational data being interpreted through the prism of your nervous system as a metaphor. So when you look. At this model you have the substance the vibrational.

Matrix that's being interpreted which has a frequency which is analogous to the body feeling it produces it's going to move you towards or away from inside of that little shell is a movie that's playing we call that the content the story behind what happened. But what gives this story its oomph isn't the story it's how you coded it is the soundtrack really loud is the color black and white is the picture moving or still each of those tiny distinctions tells your nervous system what to do with this information and how to represent it to you now 99% of the time this is completely outside of your conscious awareness outside of your consent. But once you become aware of it you have absolute permission and authority to change it because you're in charge of the editing deck you just did that when you took. A pit a body feeling found an external rejection and you changed something and the body feelings changed you mooved something down and body feeling changed.

I didn't you didn't change the story of what happened you didn't change the me you changed your experience of it. But you didn't do it through the story story you did it through the energetic container and the qualities that it uses to give you that experience this is how everything you believe is built every thought every fantasy every. Daydream every fear every phobia every trauma every desire every fantasy it's all built from the same stuff and you have absolute. Miss to change it you just got to know how to work the editing deck which is simple you know where it starts point to where you feel it point to where you feel it is the port the portal into that now you connect your inside to your outside and now you just keep playing with the construct until the feeling you you want to have emerges it's kind of like when you get your cell your new cell phone for the.

First time now the ladies. I know all of you read the manual to their cell phone learn how that. Works guys what's this we just start playing with the system right. We just we'll figure it out right.

It's like guys with directions right. We we'll just figure it out this is how we have to begin to play with our own systems. So to speak questions about the the massive amount of information. I just dumped on you pass pass the microphone let's go over microphone etiquette one more time microphone etiquette 101 this is microphone right.

Now the microphone is not picking me up because. I'm not speaking into it now. I am speaking into it we speak through the microphone like it's a megaphone because this is not talking to the microphone nor is this nor is this he must have practiced this when he is talking to the microphone please avoid tapping it or spitting on it as that's not very friendly for us especially not for the individuals who handle these and work them other than that please do make sure you have a microphone you're speaking into which is turned on before you start speaking because people are listening or are not physically present and they too would love to benefit from your questions and thoughts and experiences any questions you're amazing thank you. Mr.

Moss you it's okay. He worked hard on that go ahead what does it mean that they're they're a concentrator when a con when some people when they make the picture bigger they'll feel an intensification of the experience some people when you make the picture bigger it diffuses their experience of it it makes it less tangible whereas if they make it smaller the feeling gets more intense for them it's just the inverse of of someone who expands to feel something intang intangible me you can feel it right. And even if the when. I work with someone and they say oh.

I don't see it. I. I come because pretend yeah that's fine and when they're still doing everything that they're doing they still don't feel it even right. The end they still don't feel it okay.

Tell them to listen to it what tell them to listen to it never occur to you right. Let me explain something we use the visual system because it's the easiest it's the most common. But some people relate to the world through sense of taste very small percentage some people relate to the world through their sense of smell. I have one student you can do visual with her all day long you give her.

Ascent she's all over that like the smell of. Victory it's just in it's crazy and. I've watched people high level. Master practitioners in piece struggle because they're trying to force a visual representation on somebody who doesn't do visual that well.

But is deeply kinesthetic and all. Factor right. One of the things you need to understand about the this energy this body centered energy. Psychotherapy uh sematic bridge by the way is when you wait to where you feel it reach out and touch it that's called a sematic bridge we always want to link the internals to the externals okay.

We've mapped this out like. I said if you want to learn all the the intricacies of that you can come to identity by. Design the other thing. I want to talk about and this is one of the secrets um you'll hear me say from time to time that the answer is in the question and this relates a lot to what.

Katie was just not. Katie um. Maria you look. So much like one of my other students um sematic search engine everybody here heard this thing called.

Google. I think it's a phase we're going through. I think it's it'll never. Last you ever notice you ever notice that uh the information.

Google gives you a lot of time changes depend depending on how you ask the question your body had it. First remember um your body is pro your unconscious mind your autonomic nervous system is processing billions upon billions of millions of information every. Second your conscious mind your critical faculty can cover maybe 40 40 to 80. I think is the the number.

I remember it's not seven plus or minus two that's just the one everybody throws around. But if you you do the proportions it's still a minuscule amount compared to uh what's actually going on because of the mendous amount of information being processed and handled remember we talked how many people were here earlier when. I talking about my wife's amazingly. Herculean chunk size right.

If. I ask my wife a simple question. I will be there for an hour like listen it's like asking. MOS a question you ever work with right.

You notice he talks really fast with and there's a lot of data coming out my wife is that way. I was trained for. Moss you know. But.

But. But what happens is your unconscious mind understands that there's only. So much that your conscious mind can handle. So it has certain parameters in place it will give you any information that you ask for.

But it will only give you that information. So if. I say oh let's dis play put your feet. FL out on the floor how many have people he have something they'd like to that's really good for them they'd like to have that even better anybody have anything that it's good for them that they'd like to be even better you sure because you guys don't like.

I hope you doesn't call on me oh let me give him my disclaimer an hour into my talk right. If. Politically. Incorrect language colorful metaphor swearing are the word boobies offend you there's a door right.

Um my intention is never to offend anyone. But. I do believe that compassionate provocation is the is the. FastTrack transformation.

So if you find yourself being provoked overly. So by something that. I say. First of all understand that my intention was never to offend you.

But if you find yourself feeling that way the. First thing you want to do point to where you feel it and ask yourself a simple question when was the youngest. I remember feeling that way and who was it with and who taught me how to feel that way because. I promise you it wasn't me.

But this is again for those of you who are asking about things that trigger us are going back to beinging patterns because it's we're always responding to what's inside of us. First and. Then projecting it onto the people in front of us. So this idea point to where you feel it as you start to go through certain things or.

I say things that kind of strike an emotion take the time love yourself enough to notice the body location and write it down because those are the things that need change those are the things your system is trying to tell you we need to focus on it's a priority. Tim microphone you need my phone where's my phone all right. I yes. So.

I um. I missed the part where you said when um wherever you feel whatever you feel write it down yeah. So if. I using as example if.

I say something that provokes you. First thing. I want you to do instead of saying well that. David well you can say that too it's all right.

But notice where in your body that feeling that's provoking you to want to say that emerges and either on a draw a little stick figure and circle it and put a on a scale of zero to 10 rate the intensity of it because those are things that you want to apply this technology to to clear your stuff out of your system does that make sense it's a good practice if you guys really want to start take being proactive in cleaning up your stuff carry a little little stick figure or a silhouette of the human body around with you in a little notebook. Or something little. Hands. Held notebook.

And every time somebody says something that ticks you off. Circle the body location and. Then go back and unpack it when you when it's appropriate to do. So don't do it in a line at.

Starbucks. You' probably look. Kind of weird. But my point is is that you're going to you're going to be given every moment of every day you're going to be given countless opportunities to find you didn't know was there and see that's the problem there's there's things you know about and there's things you don't how do you find the things you don't know about you provoke them you have to.

F you have to put yourself in situations that provoke that make you want to run away not do it intelligently right. Don't walk down the ghetto you know with 20 bucks you know $100 bills hanging out of your wallet just to see how tough you can be. But my point is is that this towards and away from is actually a tool for those of you who are on the path of transformation and self-actualization you must learn to move as passionately as enthusiastically towards the things that make you want to run away or want to attack as you do towards the things that give you pleasure because any animal knows to move towards pleasure and away from. Pain that's your animal consciousness if you want to transcend that you have to reframe and assign a different meaning a different.

Consciousness to towards and away from you have to become more self-aware that's not easy believe me. I do. I can. I can shorten the curve.

But. I can't eliminate it uh. SMY and. Then seea can we pass the microphone to seea one of the things.

I noticed with myself sometimes is um when. I have that when. I feel like. I should move towards something oftentimes my brain and body just shuts down and there's a feeling that that proceedes that shutdown where in your body do you feel it.

First impression point to it you just found it it's that fast it's that fast now did you hear the question. So. I shut down physically and mentally and there's a feeling you get right. Before you shut down where am your body is that feeling this is a little distinct again it goes back to the sematic search engine concept the answer was in the question the answer was in the question it's starting to hit now isn't it it the when once you understand the concept of the sematic search engine and you understand its.

Dynamics the magic is in how you ask the questions and. Then how you interpret the answers which we'll get to in just a moment yes. That's what. I was going to ask you about when you mentioned that you reassigned let's say the the away from is really upset please usually is please give me an example of reassigning okay.

So let's say for example and again we will use a hypothetical let's say for example. When. We. Were.

Young we were riding in a car and we were driving through an intersection with our parents and all of a sudden the car came out of nowhere and. T-Bones us and we're in the car we're in the backseat we get thrown around we've got a few bruises. But we're mostly scared and from. Then on every time after that whenever you go through an intersection or you're riding in the back seat of a car for some reason you feel a little apprehensive.

But you stuff it down and you ignore it and. Then one day you're com coming up on an intersection and for no. Partic you have a panic attack you just you just lock up was the problem the intersection no. Now in the moment where you lock up there was a body feeling that got to that that that triggered a a trauma response in you that told you to freeze in that moment if you're like any average animal mammal human you're at the grips of that and.

I can't go through intersections. I'm afraid of intersections right. And there's not a lot you can do about that until you say well wait a minute there's a reason. I'm afraid of intersections and there's a place in my body where the reason connect the feeling connected to that reason is stored where in my body is that reason boom all of a sudden the body location comes up and now you have the doorway to be begin to unpack it and in the process of unpacking it not only do you unpack that moment where it was triggered to the point of immobilization you start to free yourself up from all the earlier uh episodes of it and you cleanse the whole system of it.

So at the end if you've done it when you when. You'. Finally cleared it you'll notice you can't think about the situation the same way anymore the body feelings that you used to repress are gone and in many cases you learn something from that experience that was hidden behind the feelings that was buried behind the story in the cloud of emotion that was being generated by that movie on an endless loop and in that moment your. Consciousness grows.

So what you're saying is you don't necessarily have to know what your fear is you go through it physically and at the end you come up with your tools and treasures that or purpose or whatever key to every feeling you want to change is the feeling itself you don't need to consciously know what half of this stuff is or any of it for that matter and. I had tremendous confirm. I said. I rub shoulders with some pretty cool people.

I've. I signed a ton of ndas too. So. But.

I can tell you that the most effective ways of resolving. Trauma from the body 99% of half the time or better person has no. Idea what they're getting rid of they have no. Idea because their conscious mind isn't the part that caused the trauma there's a part of you that created it all and there's a part of you that knows what lessons it assigned to those experiences and that's the part you need to access it's it's not your conscious mind psychology kind of sold us a bill of goods a little bit not intent not malevolently.

So. But they kind of let hypnotists believe that in order for us to resolve something we have to understand everything about it and come to some kind of conscious rationalization for why we're doing it because the con the belief system is if. I if. I understand why.

I'm doing it. I'll stop doing it how's that work out right. I'll say it. I've said this many times and.

I'll stick by it irrational problems require irrational. Solutions okay. So we if we want to cleanse the system we got to go beyond the neocortex level it's not that language isn't important it's just in the pecking order of things that's not where your is that's just where you that's just the tool you used to describe your or let me be more accurate it's just a tool use to describe what you think is your because that's what the. Neo cortex does it creates the story around the data points to justify what it wants to believe is true it's it's not doing it malevolently it's doing it as a way to protect you and help you survive and function in a society.

But has nothing to do with logic and very little to do with what actually happened to you right. If for those of you who see clients you've all heard of something called the presenting problem right. Where someone comes in. I've been having this problem for 35 years and.

I. I went through a divorce because of it and. I need you to help me get over my divorce get them in the chair you regress to cause you find out they're five years old and watching their parents argue had nothing to do with the reason they thought they came to you just like the example with the car right. You weren't responding to the intersection in front of you you responded the intersection that you got crashed into 25 35 years ago why because the part of you that went through that moment doesn't know it's over it's locked in your tissues remember that little container with a little movie.

Inside that's what it is every time you go through a situation and you have a body a familiar feeling come up in an unfamiliar situation you've accessed one of those and you're responding to that now people who are operating from a robotic. Consciousness they're just going to respond to whatever. Sensations and perceptual filters that container stimulates you guys. I use the editorial because we're in.

California and. I have to be special that way you guys have a different understanding of what's going on because you have a different awareness you now have different choices you now can choose to do something different instead of stuffing it down turning up the radio and just keep driving or letting the fear take over you can say oh there's a reason. I'm feeling this way and there's a place in my body where that feeling is stored where in my body and now you want pack and attack it and in that process everything gets better question uh need a microphone with your. Technique how long going it take you to get success with clients couple days it's not uncommon for people to come to see me with 13 or 14 things that they want to fix and in 90 minutes they're all gone yeah yeah exactly.

I saw an article or. I read an article about psychiatr learn some of these techniques and he realized he said wait a minute we've been working on people for six years and longer. MH and with these techniques he was able to fix people in days yeah. I almost put myself out of business right.

They told. I used to charge by the hour they told them to stop talking yeah they did yeah this is actually one of the reasons why you won't see any of my stuff well unless somebody else is running the the study you won't see any of my stuff in the scientific journals or whatever um because the scientific. Community wrestles over who owns what and if it's something they can't control they'll squelch it. So.

I did exactly the opposite. I did actually. I took. A lesson a page out of.

Gary. Craigs. Playbook. With.

EFT when he learned when he learned. EFT from uh the guy who created. TFT he decided this was too important to just lock in a book. And charge a gazillion bucks for.

So he gave it to the world for free that's why you all have. EFT right. And. I was like smart because if thousands and thousands and thousands of people are using the technique and getting a result that's what matters right.

Now it can't be control it's open source right. Yeah. So um mental health problems are 3.5% since. Co across the.

United. States yes. So what experience if any do you have with psychosis and do you use this form with them when when you're dealing with mental illness diagnosed mental illness you have to be very very careful because you're dealing with scope of practice issues and. So.

I don't deal with any form of psychosis or let me let me be more clear. I rarely deal with any form of diagnosed psychosis unless. I have a signed consent letter from their. PR presiding psychotherapist psychiatrist or whatever um and if and.

I have had people come to me um who. I believe were schizophrenic and. I said. I need you to go get checked out and they don't usually come back right.

Um. So in most most of these techniques will work if they're. Lucid um. But scope of practice says.

I'm not allowed to work with those people uh at least not in the context of hypnosis for acupuncture. Oriental medicine as long as. I have doctor's consent there are things. I can do and.

I can if. I talk to them maybe while. I'm putting the needles in because they might or might not already be in an alpha. State because of the needling um there might be ways to amplify the en the effectiveness of that acupuncture treatment because.

I have a lot of acupuncture and medical chiong skills for dealing with psycho psychological and psychosis and things of that nature. I do have trainings in those things. But what. I'm trained in versus what.

I'm allowed to do are two very different things yes. Okay. Um. So.

I have a question when. I um maybe it's two-part question one is you oftentimes mention it's um it's how you ask a question we're going to explore that in a minute once we get through all the question. I hear this all the time and. Then the other aspect is when.

I let's say. I have something in my body. I feel some tension. But.

I can't and. I try to use my intuitiveness to figure out okay. What's the answer and. I don't use your intuitiveness okay.

Follow your kinesthetics okay. So to rephrase that when. I let's say. I spin it.

I do magic frame and. I cannot release the the muscle tension and. I. I associate it with an emotion how do.

I how can. I engage my body. So that. I can connect to it because sometimes.

I feel very it's very detached. I'll try to do it and it doesn't seem like. I'm able to release that. So once again another level of question.

So there's a reason. I there's a reason. I have this feeling and there's a place in my body where the feeling connected the reason connected to that feeling is stored there's a reason my body doesn't want to give up this feeling and there's another place in my body where the reason. I'm not wanting to give it up is stored where in my body might that place be you see how we've gone before the issue now or parallel to the issue now for those of you who are.

CL how many clinicians do we have in here okay. So one of the things that again they don't teach us this in hypnosis school for some reason. But they should um you're going to get people from time to time who you're going to you're going to diagnose. I hesitate to use that word um you're going to diagnose as being resistant or reactant or have secondary gain and what you've actually got is a parallel presenting problem this turned into clinical really fast okay.

So you got somebody who's got a fear like maybe or like social anxiety or some kind of phobia or uh some kind of um pain that just keeps coming back right. So let's just go with pain just go with pain right. They've been a 27 specialist it's gone away and come back gone away and come back and you're going to be number 28. First of all don't take that client.

But if you do choose to take that client. But what they've also got is an overwhelming fear that it won't work now what most clinicians will do and most therapists will do is they will talk about how there's nothing to be afraid of how they'll give the person all the facts figures rationalizations for why they don't need to be afraid why it can't work for them believe me that's the 28th time they've heard that okay. What you've got is a parallel presenting problem. But it's not actually parallel the priority is different most people are going to try are going to talk through this and.

Then try to do something to get rid of the pain you can't do that because this is the problem you've got to remove the fear from the body before you tackle the pain because fear is a negative manifestation engine it will systematically bring back and reverse whatever change work you do. So you've got to get rid of it. First you got to get rid of it. First um let's go.

Maria and. Then. Joseph. I did not intend for this to get.

So clinical and here. I am see the little sign on the back of the room remember how. I told you. I had a plan yeah.

So. I have two questions the. First one only get one no. She does know shees know take me seriously half the time um the.

First one is for some strange reason. I get triggered in a car by myself and. So you're telling me to you're telling me to or basically saying get a piece of paper right. Now with a feeling.

I can't do that while. I'm driving in the car no. But you can pull off to the side of the road and do it. So what.

I've been doing is. I've been framing everything while. I'm driving. I know oh that's much more safe um.

I can't imagine why you might be afraid in a car. I have a system very well. I'm still alive you're still alive that sounds like something. Moss would say you wouldn't understand until you've driven with him.

But that's all right. So my question is if. I leave it alone and. I mentally remember where it's at or roughly remember where it's at.

I go home um because two things might happen either. I do remember. I feel and. I work on it.

But what if. I forget. But. I know there's something there do.

I just pretend yeah yeah the. SE the secret hack to all this is to just pretend it's in the. Bible be his little children and you thought it was just the parable. But it's actually a code it's teaching you how to access the part of you that controls everything and if you get your body how many people have ever been little children all right.

How many when you were little children three to five years old ever played pretend how many of you were convinced that was real were you asleep were you focused on what you were doing were you absorbed were you having a ball ladies and gentlemen that's all you got to do and you can make any change you want because the part of you that controls all your is the same part you played with as a child. So all you got to do is play pretend act out the change and you'll start to make changes now sometimes you hit home runs sometimes you get base hits. But you get change okay. Since we're on the subject of change now.

So my. Next question was going a little bit back is how would that look. Like when you say can you hear it can you hear it what would it look. Like if.

I say can you hear it confusion induction that's called synesthesia right. But what you do is very simple everybody put your feet flat on the floor and once again. I want you to think of something that you would like to have more of something you want to make better right. I want you to close your eyes.

And. I want you to remember that moment or that thing. I want you to see the best example the best experience of it and notice that there's a place in your body where the attributes and the experience connected to that that thing you want to make better or stored where they grow where they spread from take a moment point to where you feel it that's right. Now.

I want you to go ahead and as you point to where you feel it in your body. I want you to look. At it with your inner eyes. And.

I'd like you to notice that there's a color maybe even a series of colors connected to those amazing feelings what color or colors might that be for you. First impression now whatever it is. I want you to take both of your hands. I want you to reach inside.

I want you to grab every morsel of that amazing color take it out and hold it in your hands in front of you make sure you get it all because we don't want to miss a drop of this amazing goodness as you hold it in your hands and you look. At it. I want you to notice that the color change or stay the same. First impression whatever it did that's perfect.

I want you to notice it's moving it's spinning in a certain direction what direction is it spinning just show me with your hands excellent now just for fun hold it up to your nose and take a good whiff notice how good it smells notice what it smells like hold it to your ear and listen to it notice what it sounds like if you're really. Brave give it a lick notice that that's right. Now as you notice the direction it's moving and spinning. I want you to grab it with both of your hands and.

I want. I want you to play with the direction it's spinning and. I want you to keep playing with the direction it's spinning until you find the direction that makes it even better and when you find that new. Direction.

I want you to spin it like a wheel and double the spin double the speed double the force double the magnitude keep doubling it over and over and over again until it takes on a life of its own until it's impossible for it to go back the way it was when you know you've got it slam it back into that spot y to rush notice that this new program works this way deeper and deeper and deeper into your body any program any belief any memory any experience that's not in harmony with this new set of instructions your neurology is going to begin to shed it's going to begin to purge like a snake shedding its skin like old software being uninstalled by newer better more powerful software there's no. Need to measure it manage it or make it happen faster just notice the process taking place allow it to install itself completely when you know it's locked in only getting better test it try to go back to the old version and notice what happens instead when you're satisfied allow your eyes. To open notice how different you feel. Hallelujah give yourselves a big round of applause.

So let me ask you a question when. I said point to where you feel it how many of you missed how many of you missed in other words when. I said point to where you feel it you went right. To the spot yes.

None of you missed oh. So a part of you knew exactly where that was huh when. I ask you to close your eyes. And look.

At it with your inner eyes. And notice the color how many. Saw colors. H want to had you to reach in and grab it take it out and hold it in your hands.

I said notice did the color change or stay the same. First impression how many color how many had a color change how many didn't color change excellent perfect when. I had you smell it what happened and. I had to listen to it what happened now let me ask you a question when did the smell come when.

I asked for it. So you mean you saw color and you saw it moving. But there was no. Smell and.

Then you licked it right. Was there a taste no. Okay. That's fine taste is kind of pushing it.

But my point is the information did. I just create that information on the spot or was the information always there. But because you didn't ask for it you didn't get it boom this is what. I mean when we talk about the.

Dynamics of the sematic search engine all the information that you can conceive of is already in there all you have to now did you notice now some of you did probably some of you didn't did you have any problem with absorption and focus during that exercise no. You didn't why any ideas because. I kept asking you to go in and get more information every time you went back inside and referenced that construct it forced you to become more immersed through that portal. I lit up your neocortex your your cortex is like a.

Christmas tree as far as your neural that's your that was your reality for that time you were in. Two. Worlds simultaneously. But it was all one world get it this is how you change fast you can and we're focusing on making things good things better.

But it works the same way for anything you want to get rid of. So when we have a problem with absorption and focus all we do is ask for more information and the search engine will provide it now that's beyond just entry level there's other you know like when. I was working with. Timothy right.

And. I said the answer is in the question right. For most of you at this level your primary challenge is going to be absorption and focus just ask for more information now. I don't want you to believe anything.

I just told you. I want you to go out and find human beings in their natural habitat who have they want to get rid of or they want to make better and use this with them spin that spin it up spin it away we're gonna do that in a minute. Timothy um does the well. I've tried it and.

I've stepped away from it when. I try to if. I let's say. I have something.

I want to get rid of and. I use the five senses um. I find it it's a little is it still beneficial to do it cuz sometimes. I feel like the for me at least the emotion is is a little heavier.

So is that a way good way to provoke something well you're you're. GNA provoke something right. Again the more you start digging it out. I the reason.

I. I did you this whole thing with the sematic search engine wasn't. So you can go after the smells and the tastes and the sounds and all that other stuff. I did it to show you that you get what you ask for and the ultimate conclusion to that is the answer to the problem is in the way you ask the question the solution is always in the question.

So let me just. I'll give you one more principle that that relates directly to this some of you get it right. Away some of you might have to meditate on it for a little bit what the nervous system creates the nervous system accepts human beings human nervous systems never resist themselves. So as a hypnotist.

Lisa can come to me and she. I want you to help me you know grow my my cleavage or whatever that's her that's her specialty by the way she does hypnotic breast enhancements she's a master at it she can go up and down a cup size like you know pop popcorn. But and she's a great and she's a great stage hypnotist. So.

But my point is yeah. I'm. I'm very serious 100% um here we go. I don't know when.

I lost trol all. I had to do was mention boobies there we go the. The. Lizard rain.

Supreme um. But here's the thing she. I. Lisa can come to me and.

I can give her suggestions that. I make up and they have a high probability of being effective. But if. Lisa creates her own suggestions which is going to be the most effective hers why because they came from her system when you point to something that you feel and you turn it into a color who made the color up did.

I tell you to make it orange or purple or pink polka dots with unicorns no. You did that. So you pulled out the program that you're running and every single. Nuance that every single distinction.

I asked for is a what it's a software. Command right. And you changed one thing you changed one line of code in the software based on its own code based on its own computer language and. Then what did you do you amped it up and you put it back in and the system said oh.

I can do that because 99.9% was the same and besides you created it. So you accept it it's the difference between a cloned organ and a transplanted one can or hetero hypnosis work where. I just give you yeah. I can have.

But the chances of resistance go up dramatically especially if you have control issues. But if you come up with it what's there to resist you understand human neurologist do not cannot more often than not will not resist itself that's why the sematic search engine is such a game changer pass the microphone to our our gentleman here somebody's bog guarding it over here just a quick comment this stuff really works it works fast yeah because. I had a couple that they took. Their son to get tutored iate tutored and to get his grades up and his grades went from.

C to. D they went down after spending over $10,000. So. I tried some of his techniques and within minutes.

I saw his problem was fear got rid of the fear and his grades went to. B+ boom fast yeah very fast. Joe. Joe's a tutor.

So he can speak to go ahead um yeah. I was actually working with somebody just the other day and the thing to remember with this stuff is as you heal one thing make sure there's not something deeper that you need to heal because very often oh yeah you get the tip of the hypnotic. Iceberg yep yep yep um do you always deal with do you always ask questions to see if there's fear about this not working and there yeah when when you that that we're heading towards that because we still haven't answered to one of the original questions which why does keep coming back there's a technique for handling that. But we need to understand that more often than not what's actually bringing the problem back is our attempts to avoid it and that that's a mind.

F pardon my. French that's a mind for most people people sayi just keep trying to avoid these people over and over and they keep showing up it's because the program you're running is actually magnetizing you towards those people whether you believe it as as a metaphysical thing or it's just some weird. Quirk of the nervous system. But there's it's steering you towards the people who are going to provoke that problem.

So you can actually go inside and fix it at the source because those external events are never the problem they're the product of a pattern you're running that's monopolizing your perceptions and guiding your behaviors and the hack to it is point to where you feel it you don't have to consciously understand why or how you got that you don't need 20 years of therapy if you can point to where you feel it you can access it and you can begin the process of change in a measurable way and by definition you don't have a problem okay. What if you have a problem what's the problem specifically. I mean to be let's walk through it because. I've heard this this question before.

So. I want to know where she's coming from okay. So what if you don't have a feeling. But you have a problem what specifically give me an example of a problem where this might be okay.

Oh my god there. So many problems. But let's say uh a fear of moving towards your goal a fear of moving towards your goal yeah like you don't do anything right. But.

Then they're like okay. I have a fear. But where is this fear there's a place in your body where the reason behind that fear is stored and there's a feeling connected a reason connected to that feeling where in your body does the feeling connected to that reason behind that fear live. First impression no.

Notice your mind went to a certain location automatically. I think get it sorry she went into trans. I hit her with too many words. I.

I'll. I'll diagram this for you in just a minute are you trying to answer her question yeah okay. Try try you can try. I try.

I prefer you succeeded. But okay. Um if they can't if they don't think they can make it worse and. Then they'll be able to point to it oh yeah that that always works no.

He's right. Makes. But what happens is a lot of times remember at the beginning of the of the training. I said there's two levels to feeling there's the feelings you're conscious of and the feelings you're not.

So one of the things we haven't gotten to yet. But it brings up a very important. Point ah shoot. I'll just show you on the screen is this useful by the way okay.

Because. I'm. I thrive on feedback. I'm.

I'm insecure that way thank you well okay. Uh one of the things that most of these guys take for granted which. I haven't covered because. I've been focusing on other things is something called um dialoguing with the unconscious this is the six dynamics of an unconscious response for a lot of you this will be reviewed.

But for people who are brand new this is when you're going to start dialoguing with the part of you that controls all the stuff we're talking about it's normal for us to try to relate to this part through the lens of the neocortex. But you have to remember that the neocortex is the only part of you that works in language when you're dealing with the mamalian brain. The. Reptilian.

Brain the brain stem and the spinal cord you're dealing with sensation and you're dealing with syntax and direction in other words all the qualitative things that we pay attention to rather than the words. So when you start to dialogue with the autonomic part of you the part that controls your heartbeat your long-term memories it will always answer. First usually non-verbally right. So if.

I say there's a place in your body uh where the feeling is connected to the reason behind this fear of moving forward or stored point to where you feel it. First impression now the. Next thing that's going to happen is they're going to go right. To this always feels like you made it up.

Then they go right. To this you always have an urge. Ed urge to edit what just came up sound familiar this is something you have to tell you as practitioners working on yourself. But those of you who are clinicians if you're going to use our our methodologies even if you don't use our methodologies.

But all you did was implement this 90% of your resistance to your change work would go out the window okay. So the six. Dynamics unconscious mind always answers. First usually non-verbally.

So a lot of times when you see me come up to do bring somebody up for a demo or something like that what's one of the. First questions. I asked them is it okay. To change this part two is there any reason why you might want to keep it now that's a question.

I learned in kinesic interview and interrogation and. I'm watching their face because what answers. First the unconscious mind usually non-verbally. So if.

I see any form of hesitation or indecision in their nonverbals when they verbally answer me and. I hear any form of in congruity or uncertainty. I'm going to go right. To the.

Magic. Frame technique. I'm going to skip whatever technique. I intended to do if it wasn't magic frame already and.

I'm going to go right. To the. Magic. Frame because.

I need to resolve the the reason they have for keeping it okay. So a lot of times when people say. I don't have a feeling they're they're they're working from their neocortex. So you have to jump to the the lyic system and into the brain stem through their imagination and you do that well pretend there if there were a place in your body where that feeling were stored a place you could touch.

First impression where would you point there you go and there it is does it matter if that's actually where it is no. Because the moment your unconscious mind gives you that body location they've given you the portal the. USB plug and now any question you ask you're going to be able to access all that information and begin to work with it okay. So the unconscious mind always answers.

First it always answers honestly now let me be very clear. I did not say factually because when we're dealing with the unconscious mind we're dealing with trauma we're dealing with memory we are dealing with perception. So your unconscious mind won't lie it will give you what it perceives to be that truth okay. This is one of the reasons why you can't really use a lot of hypnosis and forensics because people they could have really good recall.

But the subjectivity and the confabulation really contaminates the information that's why you can use it for investigative purposes. But you can't aner it in court right. Always feels like you're making it up this is a big one because a lot of times you'll get people say go back to the very. First scene situation or event that is the source the beginning the root cause of.

XYZ and they think they're coming in for something that happened in their 20s all of a sudden they're three years old watching their mom and dad argue and the. First thing that can't be right. I came here to lose weight what does that have to do with my mom and dad arguing everything because that's where it started your unconscious mind doesn't group things by linear time it groups things by what they have in common and there's a high probability that if you have a weight problem that goes back to your parents arguing there's some security issues food is love all kinds of other things that grd into that body armor. But the part of you that controls all of your long-term memories is also the part that makes things up it's the part that confabulates and combines memories you guys all know that your memories aren't real right.

We don't have unless you're one of those people with neurological glitch where you have something called a photographic memory most of our memories change as we recall them that's that's the science you don't you don't make you don't record memories you reconstruct them and every time you reconstruct them they change which is great because me the only thing that the only thing that's holding you back is a memory that's up. Anyway think about all the all all the problems you have are about memories you've stored and and the rules connected to those memories think about it if you didn't have the memory you wouldn't have the problem. But here's the thing. I'm getting on my.

Soap. Box again right. The memories you're running around with aren't even accurate they're not even true representations of what actually happened and every time you recall them they change again. So here's the question if the memories that are keeping you stuck aren't even accurate and the only one that's causing any pain to is you and you have charge of the editing deck and permission to make that change why not change into something that makes your life better we can do that yeah once you realize your memories are not you which is one of the big delusions that human beings operate under we believe our memories are real.

First of all that they are in fact the thing that happened to us oh there's a mindf and that our memories are us that's like saying your. DVD collection home is a sum total of your entertainment experience no. They're just imperfect recordings of something that happened to you once and you've been reliving that memory ever since when we do. Soul retrieve when we do regress to cause when we do holographic or holonomic reimprinting we go back into that container to the event and we find that fragment of your.

Consciousness that's stuck in that little parallel universe on an endless loop because that part of you doesn't know that shit's over we go back and we rescue that part of you we bring it out of that world and back to the rest of you and you heal the things that trigger you are the recordings you haven't found yet are the parts of yourself you haven't rescued you can start the process by spinning. Framing and color breathing and that's kind of where we're going. So just to put a cherry on this it's never loud it's almost never linear. So like.

I said before you say go back to the. First seen situation or event that is the source the beginning the root cause they think they're going back to 25 when they went through their divorce or when they discovered hog and da or whatever the hell it was all of a sudden they're five years old and they're in their room alone it's dark and they're terrified and that's all that's happening and that a good chunk of the time is exactly where our started there wasn't some big grandiose you know um active shooter child molester although there's a lot of that don't let me wrong. But a lot of times when you get that kid that child back to the initial problem they're just in a room at. Night by themselves and nothing is happening.

But it's not about what was actually happening it's about what the child perceived was happening. So we go back and we give that child exactly what it needed to be okay. Because there's only one there's only two entities in the universe that can do that that's. God and you now we all live here in sunny.

California and aside from its decidedly woke nature we have really nice weather right. A lot of golf courses. God plays a lot of golf doesn't always take my calls. But you're unconscious they're always home and they know where everything is stored and where we need to go to fix it and we just ask it the right.

Way we just ask it the right. Way we ask it the right. Way it'll take us exactly where we need to go. So we can do what we need to do with the part of us we need to do it with if you can point to where you feel it you can change it.

So let's change some. I want you to think of something on a scale of 1 to 10. I would prefer one two or three. I know some of you are not going to do that you're.

G to go right. After. Godzilla and that's okay. Think of something on a scale of 1 to 10 that you want to change.

I want you to close your eyes. And as. I walk you through this process. I'm going to ask you.

I'm going to start with a simple question is it okay. To change this is there any reason why you might want to keep it. First impression excellent. I'd like you to notice that there's a place in your body where the feeling connected to that thing you want to change is stored point to it.

First impression that's right. There you go and it might be in more than one place point to both of them and decide which one you want to hit. First that's right. Realize tell your unconscious mind if there's more than one spot we'll get that one.

Next if there were a picture floating in the space around you that represented that experience picture you could reach out and touch where would you reach out and touch it. First impression take the other hand. Reach. Out touch it now take both of your hands let's make sure we've got the right.

One trace the outline with both of your hands. So you know how big it is use both hands trace the outline grab the edges of it now just start to make it bigger notice what happens to the feeling does it get stronger or weaker that's right. Now bring it back to its original size make it a little smaller notice does the feeling get stronger or weaker now bring it back to its original size now slowly pull it closer to your body notice what happens is the feeling get stronger or weaker whatever it does is perfectly okay. Now put it back to its original location now what.

I want you to do is. I want you to use your imagination put a massive big thick black frame around that thing now most of you are too young to remember when televisions had real dials and knobs and switches instead of touch screens and remote controls. But. I want you to feel on the base of that frame you're going to.

Don have some d and knobs and switches like on an old style television. I want you to find the knob that controls the brightness or the contrast physically turn that knob all the way to the right. Until the image whites out completely notice how that makes you feel turn the knob all the way to the left until the image blacks out completely notice how that makes you feel decide for yourself which one you like better now if there's a different color that would make it even better for you find the knob that controls the color and turn it until this the color you want that you like best when you've done that just nod your head to let me know and. I want you to take the index finger of your dominant hand and across that colored out.

Whited out blacked out screen in glowing golden letters. I want you to write all the lessons positive or negative that this experience had to teach you. So you can keep all the lessons and let everything else go now. I'm never going to ask you what you're right.

You have complete privacy the only person who will never know any of this is you some people know exactly what those lessons were and they blast them out on the screen some people have no. Conscious idea what those lessons might be. But the part of you that created that picture the part of you that created that feeling the part of you that controls that finger knows exactly what those lessons are what needs to be kept. So that everything else can be let go give that part permission to start writing across that colored out screen now some people will draw squiggles some people will draw pictures every now and.

Then you get a rage monkey they write you you you across the screen every now and. Then you get people write with both hands simultaneously they're writing. Chinese or. Hebrew at the same time the screen will scroll like a tablet will scroll.

So you have an infinite writing space take all the time that you need to write all the lessons on that screen. So you can keep all those lessons and let everything else go if feelings and emotions come up write them on the screen too put them on the screen as it comes up it comes out as you feel it you reveal it as you reveal it you heal it solve dissolved and resolved from the body solve dissolved and resolve from the mind for all the right. Reasons just keep going when you know it's done you just nod your head to let me know and we'll continue perfect guys are doing great if you're yawning you're changing it's all good you may notice your body doing all kinds of weird some people laugh some people yawn some people cry some people twitch some people feel waves of emotion coming up some people get hot all over it's all good anything your body does is you changing when you're done reach up shrink that frame down to the size of a postage stamp or even smaller notice how the feelings in your body shift and change your other than conscious mind begins the process of moving that frame up over the top of your head all the way back. Beyond the.

Horizon till it disappears below the. Horizon completely and you all know the sound a hammer makes when you're banging on a nail feel it nailed back there for all eternity impossible come back when you know it's nailed back there for all eternity andoss to come back test it try to bring the old feeling back try to turn the new feelings off and notice what happens instead everybody processes at different speeds take all the time you need to let your neurology finish the process of. Letting. Go when you're done allow your eyes.

To open notice how different you feel we all that. BR. I saw some heavy duty process there's still some people processing it's all right. It's all good let's uh let's take a five minute.

Drink. Break while you guys kind of get back into your bodies a little bit we'll come back and we'll debrief lots of uh. Girl. Scout cookies candy water the more again remember we also have a weight loss program.

So the cand is free eat as much as you want they all deeply uh my girls um. Sophie is 10. Casia is 14 yep yep yep and uh. Tracy is.

I think 32 or 33 okay. How you doing brother good good good to see you again huh oh you didn't get back in should therapist say wow you're making great strid. I'm like yeah. I'm seeing love to hear that yeah.

I'm seeing somebody else they're giving me the results that you're you're. So happy with it's all good. I'll tell. Don you said hi bone heal.

But it's. I'm about 75%. I can't get past that the strength strength. F yeah it's irritating something that plate is okay.

But they're going to take the plate out and. Then you have more rehab. I assume yeah join okay. We can we can clear out some of the emotional.

Gunk that's in there. So yeah one of the things. I learned when because actually. I started when.

I started seeing clients 80% of my work was intractable pain that's actually when. I when. I got out of. Acupuncture school.

I didn't actually start doing acupuncture. I started doing hypnotherapy it was just one of those things that evolved. But everything. I did was medical referals from dawn because she got really good um figuring out which was psychoemotional versus what was mechanical.

So she just started referring all of her her intractable pain clients to me and that's where we got started um and there's even when there's biomechanical damage a huge huge percentage of the physical pain is not biomechanical it's the emotions around the injury and again. I learned this really. I knew this from my hypnosis training. But.

I learned it even from a different perspective in my medical chiong training is that um a lot of times the pain that we've got isn't from you it's from the surgeon when a doctor says you look. Good it's like oh man. I'm not here look. I'm here just feel right.

Yeah no. Because what happens a lot of times is like in. China if you know you're going to go in for surgery they will bring all kinds of gifts to the surgeon because they before the surgery because they want the surgeon to be in as happy a mood as possible because they know that the the mood that the surgeon is in will pass through the scalpel and into their tissues. So that that's a tradition in.

China. But it's based on energetics yeah well we know from. Clinical hexing and from hypnosis that whatever when the when the patient is on the table and they're deeply anesthetized they hear what's going on they're not conscious of of it. But they it's going in they can't shut that off.

So it's yeah we call it clinical hexing there's two. CS. First half quarterback is great play. But he's too afraid to take it out and.

So it's like you got to find the the master to take complicated and really finish bring him lots of gifts before the surgery all right. How'd you guys do with this pretty good yeah this magic frame technique is actually a variation of a technique called the resource organizer. I learned many many years ago um. But the.

First time. I learned it like. I have this you know you ever hear the expression where there's smoke there's fire right. Um the.

First time. I. I. I learned it my.

SN sense started tingling it told me that there's a there was deeper level to this technique or a deeper significance to this technique than what in the context in which. I was being taught it and. So. I've taken it and and have used it for just just about anything really um.

But one of the reason this goes back to the very. First question that was at the top of our list patterns that keep coming back one of the reasons that patterns keep coming back aside from us trying to avoid them is that when your unconscious mind go or when you're when you go through and experience mult multiple time or either multiple times or one that is significant enough that it triggers the trauma recovery mechanism it will. So think about this primary trauma or basic trauma is massive event trauma mechanism gets activated now you have an issue or lots of little traumas happen it reaches a critical mass it flips the trauma switch on and now you have an issue. So that's difference between complex and primary.

But um regardless of how you get there at some point the unconscious mind says. I need to protect. So and. So from this ever happening again and.

So one of the things that happens is the the lessons that to keep you safe are are in that container now when you see that little nice little diagram that. I showed you um it's very pretty and it's static. But it's more like vibrational soup anybody ever make soup anybody ever try to unmake soup it's it's harder than making the soup right. So a lot of times what happens is your unconscious mind's primary job is to protect you and to keep you safe and.

So if it sees you getting rid of a problem and it doesn't trust you because it's seen you make the same mistake 27 times it will say no. Every time if you let this go you'll forget this happened and shit'll happen to you again. So no. You're keeping it all right.

Now clinically or experientially how do you diagnose that you go to do an intervention on a problem it goes away and. Then it comes back because what's happened is in that moment the unconscious mind says okay. We let that go. But no.

He hasn't learned the lesson she hasn't learned the lesson we got to bring that back boom and it flips a switch and you can't it comes back the other way that you start to diagnose it and. I hate to use that word. But if you have something that's like on a scale of uh zero to 10 it's like an eight or nine or 10 and. Then you do an intervention and it drops and you do another again and it drops until you.

Finally get to like a one or two and it just it just doesn't get any better after that what you're dealing again is you can think of it a secondary gain or a safety lesson other words words the unconscious mind has made a decision that letting this go is dangerous and. So it will fight you to let the rest go until you can prove to it that that information to stay safe has been retained and that's exactly the intervention you just did you pointed to where you felt that you reached out and you touched it and. Then you began the process of. Chang changing how your body expresses that feeling and.

Then you preserve the lessons which allowed you to vent the emotional charges connected to the experience while writing the lessons. Then you shrank it and you moved it behind you what happened when he moved it behind you dissipate it and the further back it went. So right. 99% of humans will experience that without me having having to tell them right.

Um yes. Microphone you're bog guarding again dude let's give one to ca and one to oh you want them to share okay. All right. I see.

I see how it is yes. But. I don't want to shange well that's tough my. Rodeo um.

So with this proc. I've noticed that when a couple of things happen when when. I do the free framing um after. I toss it um.

I get into this um overwhelming emotions and stuff does that mean that there's more to cover and. I need to go until you're not done venting and there's it's it's usually a daisy chain of stuff. So is should. I just allow whatever when you start emoting that's the best thing you you can do when you the emotions come up let them come up and out don't try to lock them down don't try to repress them don't try to manage them let them come out that's what makes you sick what happens if you don't does it come back or does it stay or does it become something completely if you don't vent the emotion you're leaving that poison inside of you is that what you want because it's been making your life peachy keen up to that point has isn't it he been adventurous having know oh.

I'm sure my point is is that when you start these processes how many people noticed as you started to write emotions started coming up right. That's supposed to happen right. Some you may just noticed that you had no. Idea what you were writing.

But the movement you moved it behind you you just felt better it's not necessary for you to consciously know what that is because the part of you that created the problem it all it knows everything you just have to give it permission to express itself remember. I told you um at the beginning of the meeting that there were certain interventions that were 100% effective with the person had absolutely no. Clue what they were getting rid of that's all modulated by your spinal cord and your brain stem okay. And it can be anything from you know stubbing your toe as a kid to a gunshot wound whatever 99% of the time the person has no.

Idea what they're getting rid of. But they feel like a million bucks afterwards right. And it's called neurogenic tremoring you've ever seen baby shake you go you ask any cop who's been to a car accident where a baby was involved and the baby survived they go they look. At back baby's doing this right.

They may be they're shaking right. That's a normal. Mamon response designed to them vent traumatic experience between the ages of zero and three that's normal at about somewhere between three and five the ego takes over and we start to lock it down if you look. At children babies especially when they're shocked when they're in trauma they do this their hands are wide open they're out to their side because the energy is coming out of the pericardium out the palms and.

Then about somewhere between three and five they start doing this and they're locking that back in their bodies we socialize them into it you socialize them into it some of the most powerful trauma release mechanisms mother nature built into you. But you put you got your button on the pause button and you don't know how to get. Let. It.

Go well you're tapping with this particular exercise you're tapping into the same set of mechanisms. But you got to let go you've got to just trust that process 99 times when. I'm doing this like at night like. I.

I feel something got. I just my finger just starts growing. I have no. Idea what.

I'm writing. I have no. Idea what. I'm writing about and.

I know shrink it and. I'll move it behind me and. I'll nail it back and all of a sudden my goes away. I feel better right.

We don't need to know now what you'll discover when you give when you become more absorbed in that process and the best part is you don't got to believe it you just got to do it what you'll discover. I forget what what was you going to discover it's around here somewhere make it big yeah my own words coming back to haunt me there was there was time we were sitting sitting around the the table and he's like oh it escaped me and. I. I saw his eyes.

Looked that way and. I just went wait a minute. I pulled it right. There oh there it is yeah you can when you have level a deep level of appro with another nervous system you can do that you can reach into somebody's own field to pull out their pictures and move them it's insane.

But it's real right. But it's all about the connection that you get you we have whole trainings for this right. But um. I'm sure whatever what.

I was going to say will come back to me in a moment um. But this whole. This. Magic.

Frame concept is the one that. I think. I don't think it's the most powerful in terms of like like when when you spin something away that's that's. D that's like nuclear right.

And we haven't gotten into this spinning to get rid of it yet. But the the most important thing about the magic frame is that it's going to give you the ability to use the other techniques better because if you go to spin something and you don't don't have the nervous systems permission to let it go it's coming back it's coming back right. Either either it's going to go all the way away it's going to go from like 10 to zero and. Then at some point it'll start to creep back or it'll go from whatever number it is to like a one or two and it'll just stop there right.

That's a safe that it's it's textbook. Safety right. There's a reason that your neurology has for holding on to that issue and you need to you need to prove to the nervous system that you've learned that lesson and vent the emotion connected to it because emotion is. Like.

Glue the more emotion that's locked in your system the less plastic your system becomes how many people ever how many people have ever seen firemen working with a fire hose okay. Can one person handle a fire hose why not pressure you ever try to bend a fire hose that's that's got water flowing through it it doesn't work why too much pressure you ever see an overinflated. Tire they're the ones that pop fastest right. Right.

Why too much pressure when there's too much emotion in the system the system fights change with you. T. So you've got to vent that energy and what you'll notice that's what. I was going to say when you.

Finally get emotion cleared and you've done an actual intervention that's leading to resolution you will have a spontaneous. Epiphany about that experience you'll have a spontaneous reframe as like oh that's what. I've been sponding to all this time because that's what you would have been headed for. Anyway if the energy hadn't gotten stuck.

So the there's always information behind the emotion. But the emotion clogs the system and doesn't let us finish processing. So we're stuck on an endless loop. But the reason for the magic frame is if we've attached safety lessons to that experience our system will fight us okay.

Now the best part is that at the level you're working at it doesn't matter if it's a physical pain an emotional pain whether it actually happened or you just think it happened it's all data as far as the system is concerned. So seea and. Then. Tim do you have a question you're good okay.

Timtim. I have another one no. You can wait you are. So kind and compassionate sucker yeah.

I don't like heing you don't what. I say. I don't like heing you don't like. I noticed that um.

So the other one is. So. I. I have that reaction.

But there's another reaction is that. I go numb is that a normal thing to happen as well yes. And do. I just just let it happen because numbness is a feeling oh numbness is a feeling say.

I'm numb point to where you feel the numbness the feeling when you're doing regression you go go back to the very. First scene situation or event that is the source the beginning the root cause. I go it's black okay. I'm to count from one to five that.

Blackness is going to get even blacker you just amplify the. Blackness and boom back to the very. First scene situation event there the stour the beginning the root cause of that. Blackness and you just took.

That barrier and now you can fix it right. Anything you encounter is just a sign you're on the right. Track yeah could you repeat that again. So you said if you see a certain color a lot of times you'll start to regress people especially if they know you're going to do regression regression and say go back to the very.

First scen situation event that is the source the beginning the root cause five there's the feeling are you inside ask is black there's nothing are you alone with people there's nothing the daytime or night time there's nothing okay. I want you to focus on the nothing as. I count from one to five that nothingness is going to get stronger it's going to get stronger and stronger and stronger one feel that nothing that's intensifying growing stronger than it's ever been two bigger batter better stronger like a gate to the. Past throwing you back in time to the very.

First scen situation three there is that nothingness getting even stronger four on the. Next count back to the very. First scene situation or event that is the source the beginning the root caus and boom five there's the feeling inside or outside boom and they're right. There okay.

That's the old school way to do it there's. Kinder gentler ways. But sometimes they people put shells around their stuff and you need the hypnotic equivalent of bazookas and dynamite to break that shell right. Now when we do holonomic regression we just step them through it right.

But that's a different class for a different day like there's all kinds of this this is like more advanced than most people do. But this is still like. I don't want to say kindergarten. But it's it's.

But this is your your entry point because once you understand the. Dynamics of your own system you can make up your own techniques and because you make them up you don't resist them right. So spinning we talked about take it out spin it right. For something we want if it's something we want to get rid of you do the exact same process.

But instead of finding direction that gives you what you want instead well actually that would work too there something pain you want to get rid of point to where you feel it notice there's a color scale of 0 to 10 rate the intensity of the feeling once say rate of feeling notice the color connect to it take it out hold it in your hands notice the direction the color changer stay the same find the direction that makes it feel better now spin it like a wheel and double the spin double the speed double the force double the magnitude keep doubling it over and over and over again until it takes on a life of its own until it's impossible for it to go back the way it was when you know you've got that slam it back into that spot now it's always cooler other people guide you through this than when you're doing it yourself. But. I've done this. I've know lots of people who've used this on themselves many many times the technique almost never changes.

But the questions you use do depending on the situation because you need to know where to aim the tool and that comes from the questions you ask does that make sense. Lily okay. We have some questions from our. Zoomers can.

I um can. I have a quick question. So when going back to. Magic.

Frame and. I've noticed this recently it's not been a big problem. But um. I've noticed.

I've been doing it when. I send uh the back when. I send when. I shrink it down send it back um.

I sometimes have that residual feeling where it's not it hasn't completely let go what do. I do with that okay. So the. First thing you want to check in with is a is this residual that's just melting slower is it uh a separate issue because what happens a lot of times when you start doing this um what.

I'm stepping you guys through with sidebars into here. I'll just. I have all these cool pictures. I might as well use them what.

I'm stepping you guys through is something called the transformational. Triad. So we have magic frame energy spinning color breathing. Magic.

Frame is at the. Apex because whenever you're going to work with any of these techniques you always want to make sure that the system's willing to get rid of it that should be sop. So we gave you. Magic.

Frame. So you would be able to preserve whatever safety lesson the system has. Then we usually go into spinning. So once we've because what happens a lot of times if you frame it nine time.

I won't say nine times out of 10. But seven eight times out of 10 that's all you need to do it's a oneandone. Then whatever is residual now you can spin the rest of it and if there's any left after that you could either go to color breathing or you can go back to. Magic.

Frame all right. Now when you start playing with color breathing remember that everything that you're experiencing in your bodies is a metaphor. So when. I say think of something you want to change point to where you feel it go ahead and do that think of something you want to change point to where you feel it excellent now look.

At it with your inner eyes. Notice there's a color connected to that feeling what's the color. First impression now even if you didn't look. A color popped into your head either that's a word or as an actual color here's the thing.

I need you understand it's not a feeling and it's not a color it's a vibration vibrational signal it's vibrational field that your system is interpreting as a sensation or color feeling or a color all of your. Sensations are interpretations now that's cool because if they're just interpretations that means you can change it that means you can change it. So when we color breathe there's a feeling you want to change feeling that has everything to do with while you're here today close your eyes. Point to where you feel it notice the color connected to that now because your autonomic nervous system created that if that same system could send you a frequency a vibration a feeling a color that would completely dissolve that other color and give you exactly what you need and want and desire instead for all the right.

Reasons what color or colors might it send you. First impression whatever that color is breathe that new color colors through the old color and notice what happens to the old color and the feelings connected to it now some people will notice it dissolving fast some people will notice it dissolving slow just keep breathing that new color through that space in an infinite ever expanding. Supply and just notice how the feelings in your body shift and change as that new color does its work the way it was intended when you're done look. Up here would you notice that's your.

First time doing this isn't it oh maybe not you're looking like really. Cena what you what you what did you experience a lightness okay. Anybody want to share not. So much okay.

Let's let me just. I keep putting the. Zoomers off and. I apologize um that's color that's what.

I do five. I keep put off if you work with children bruise half the time it's really cool that's level one of like seven levels of intervention if you follow this to its ultimate conclusion you can batch remove 20 30 40 traumatic memories at one shot and you never and even if they're not. CL classically hypnotizable you can still get deep level regression of results without deep level regression right. It's really cool uh all right.

Let's go to our. Zoomers all right. So uh um. Zoom questions all right.

Going back from the beginning uh one person was asking about the who are you we'll see if we get to that or not. But that you up um. Next question going back to the unconscious mind driving the bus the question was. So can we get ourselves to the point where we consciously.

Drive the subconscious yes. Great. But not 100% because if you had to manage all that stuff you would die no. Seriously just there's too much information there for you to conscious now can you influence control and command it yes.

But that's as far as it goes you can command it. But you can't do it that's you got to let the autonomic part do its job right. And for those of you for the you know you know what. I'm the level of training.

I'm talking about we have a two-day coaching process where within two days we give you complete control over your heartbeat your blood pressure your your body temperature like on demand whatever you want it's it's it's an it's there's a it's not a short process. But the final two days it's just you and me for two solid days just installing some crazy stuff. But that's taking that's taking the uh the programming that we would normally install in your lyic system and your paleo cortex and moving it into your spinal cord some crazy stuff and it's not cheap. So don't ask me no.

I. I mean. I literally had to sign like four ndas to get access to the information yes. There's a pro there's a vetting process to see if um you're good you're you're a candidate for it.

Then there's a 60-day buildup phase where we give you specific things to listen to specific tasks you have to perform and. Then at the end of 60 days uh if you kept up with the the priming phase that we've asked you to do. Then we'll bring you in for two days of intense installation yeah what is the uh. I call it the super soldier serum it's it's whatever think of it like this imagine if you could be brainwashed into exactly what you wanted to be brainwashed into with complete control autonomy.

Authority that's pretty much what it is. I call it the super soldier serum um because. I like the guy who's teaching me which. I'm not sure how much.

I can say and how much. I can't. But one of his clients was a professional fighter and they literally installed like a. Terminator in him and he was taking full shots to the face his heartbeat and his respiration never went beyond 14 during like the seven or eight rounds that they he was boxing like that's the level of control we're talking about and what.

I'm working on is. I'm working on integrating that that technology in with the chiong training and the. Mystic mysticism training because. I figured out that both sides are both trying to get you back into your spinal cord and if you can get yourself back into your spinal cord you control everything that's a lot don't worry about it.

But this is where my head is at these days. But the whole point is is if you can point to where you feel it you can start changing you don't need that level of intervention. But it's it does exist. So yes.

I'm. So sorry guys the. Next question um did he say earlier to use indifference for. State control or something to manage.

State yeah when you're going to control your state. So one of the things you learn when you come to killer influence or cpi1 um or. NLP. Ultra which is coming up in.

May is you learn this thing we'll talk about the let me see if. I have it really quick you want the dates no. I want the. I want the diagram because they don't need they don't need to see that that's.

CPI model uh that's not helpful you know what. I'll just draw it. So you have a we call the universal persuasion protocol up right. It starts with controlling your state getting.

Rapport using whatever language skills you have and. Then you manage the state of the subject or subjects manage. State you um jump into their process and. Then you bond to their emotions and when you when you use that formula you can pretty much get anyone to do anything you want any time anywhere under any circumstance right.

When you get really good at it you only need to do these three and your closing rate your sales rate your conversion rates will jump by leaps and balance your compliance will go off off the charts right. Uh how many people have been a killer influence or. CPI just raise your hands if you want to know about it talk to those people um. But in when we when we teach you about controlling your state there's this thing you learn called physiological.

State control and volitional or cognitive. State. Control cognitive. State control is what you do with your will and intention to change and manage your emotional states.

So one of the ways that we start to train you with that is we actually borrowed some drills from method acting and things of that nature. So what you do this is a long drawn out way to give a frame to what. I'm about to say you take two emotions that are. Polar.

Opposites of each other you have a a zero point you practice intentionally going into the positive. State as far and as deeply as you can or as long as you can and. Then you intentionally bring yourself back you break the state and. Then you go as far into the negative.

State as you can for as long as you can and. Then intentionally bring yourself back to a neutral slightly positive. State and exit that's a polarity drill. So when you're doing and in in your in your manuals there will be a whole list of polar states that you can play with.

But the default if you have a state that you want to practice and you don't know what the opposite of it is you just use indifference because indifference can be the opposite of anything right. And it's actually a good state to uh to really develop because it makes you non-reactive which is really really useful in very volatile stressful situations where people can trigger you that indifference allows you to to pause and hesitate. So you can inject change into the interaction without responding from your reptile brain. So it's actually a really good state to cultivate yeah.

Second part to that question will using indifference for. State. Control cause emotions that would want to be felt eventually blocked by. The.

Habit say that again will indifference lead to the effect of stuffing and blocking things down not if you're not using it to stuff and block things. So to clarify. Then if you're using indifference just to navigate through it won't create a propensity towards stuffing and blocking yeah well if you if if something gets through your indifference that triggers you. Then you need to go back and clean that up.

Later. But if something's coming up within and you summon up a state of indifference to put the genie back in the bottle that's going to come back to haunt you because that's dissociation dissociation never leads to resolution it leads to stagnation. So when do you know when it's appropriate to do that versus self-destructive um you have to you have to. Recon noer the situation and decide what states are going to be useful.

First most. First. Responders are going to have some level of dissociation because they're going to be and they're always going to have that on tap because they're going into very dangerous highly fluid deeply schematic situations right. But they know that going in the problem is they never turn it off and.

So they never vent that stuff and they've accumulated this toxin from all these emotional traumas and issues and that what festers which goes back to what you know when. Maria was talking about when you when you when you pull the the cork out of something and those emotions come out the worst thing you can do is try to stuff them back in if you're vomiting that stuff out sometimes literally or metaphorically it's because your body wants to get rid of it it's like having food poisoning and refusing to vomit it's lit that's literally what it's like right. And every time you think about stuffing an emotion that you know needs to go somewhere. I want you to think about what.

I just said right. Because. I because again. I have to motivate.

I. I want to motivate you towards no. One ever wound up in my chair because of things they were expressing no. One ever when.

I work with tumors or or thing no. One ever had a tumor because of things they were expressing okay. So. I'm going to encourage you when you when you find those pockets of emotion when you find those memories and those stories that are locked in your tissues find a safe place and vent that and.

Then journal on it right. Just to get an get the. Epiphany the lesson right. I'm not a big fan of journaling.

But it keeps coming up in every behavioral application. I study and. I understand why. I just don't like it yes.

Uh the. Next question was about. Progressive desensitivity and like whether or not that's really a useful approach to things yes. So what's the limitations to its usefulness versus what's the limitations to it if all you're doing is venting.

But you're not resolving. Then you're just delaying the inevitable. Progressive desensitization is when we find that pocket of emotion or that traumatic experience there's going to be a charge an emotional charge connected to that feeling to that experience the thing we have to do to get remember. I said what happens when you've got too much in motion you have an overinflated.

Tire an over inflated fire hose you can't work with it. So you have to vented. Progressive desensitization is a way to vent that emotional charge. So you can get to the actual problem and reprocess the experience.

But if all you ever do is vent. But you never go in and fix the reason the charge is building up in the. First place like you got you got a boat with a hole in it you you bail it out really fast. But you don't fix the hole and.

So it fills up again and by the way this is why a lot of times stuff comes back and why sometimes the psychologists say that that venting doesn't help yeah because they're not resolving anything they're just venting venting will give you a temporary cessation of symptomology. But it won't fix the problem. So you've got to you've got to vent and. Then you've got to resolve and.

Then you've got to process those experiences out what else these people need a break indeed um. So. I talked a lot tonight. Jesus where do you think.

I get it from hole um all right. We have what can. I do with releasing what if what can. I do with releasing and even just being aware of the.

I'm storing slash relasing is traumatic in of its own. So. I feel safer to keep it inside. But obviously it makes me sick and.

Associated even more which is more important being sick or or having a moment of pain versus a lifetime of suffering. So yeah and. I think the other piece that is like how do approach it if it's just if it's um. So intensely traumatic to face it.

Then don't do it alone see this is. I love you all. I do even though. I don't know half of you.

But you're kind of being a little stupid and here's what. I mean yall want to fix your own right. But your nervous system is actually kind of screwing with you because your nervous system is is designed to make to to draw your attention towards the the most heinous. LIF stopping monstrous stuff right.

So think of you ever see the movie. Bambi versus. Godzilla if not it's somewhere on. YouTube go watch it it doesn't end well for.

Bambi ever how many of you ever played a video game like an online role playing game or something like that right. All right. So you've all created this brand new spanking new character right. You log into your virtual world and you're following the rules.

So you read your little map and the. Newbie areas for level one through five are right. Here. So you go and you play and you're level one through five.

But every now and. Then you get someone who just doesn't know their ass from a hole in the ground and they start a brand new character and they wander into a level 20 killing field does it usually end well for the level one character exactly. I'm using gaming metaphors for those you ever play. Dungeons and.

Dragons you know what. I'm talking about right. You roll up a level one character all of a sudden the dungeon master throws a level 15 art. Lich at you or some right.

Right. It doesn't end well for the level ones that's exactly what happens every time you have a trauma that you want to fix and you go buy a a book. To fix it or you watch a video on. YouTube right.

You've got a level one pro you got a level one solution against a level 20 problem and you wonder why you have trouble the only time that actually works well is when somebody else is deploying the technique if you are going to train to fix your own stuff you have to flip the script how do we do that. David well. I'm glad you asked because this is actually where we were going um. But before.

I go into that open loop um. I want to thank you all for coming out and showing the enthusiasm that you did tonight and. So um. I don't see as many clients as.

I used to. U. I've handed those off to my highly trained. Associates like moss and.

Heather and. Bernie and stuff like that. So what. I would like to do for all of you who came out tonight and who have you know enjoyed the show.

So to speak. I'd like to offer you all a free gift. I'd like to give each of you a 30 minute consultation with moss or myself depending on what level of of issue we're dealing with and for that 30 minutes um you can do whatever you want we offer all our prospective clients a free 30 minute consultation to determine if your case is a fit for our methods after you pass our screenings and our evaluations we'll discuss strategies and tactics for helping you get your situations resolved in the shortest amount of time possible if we can help you we'll tell you if we can't help you we'll tell you that too and we'll point you in the direction of where we think you'll get the biggest bang for your buck and the and the help that you need now that 30 minutes is yours to do with whatever if you want to come in and go through our screening process and find out if working with us either as an organization or one-on-one and individually is is for you great if all you want to do is is is get on a zoom call with one of us for 30 minutes and pick our brains your 30 minutes do what you want right. If you're a practitioner and you want help with a case well we can do that if you want help with the stuff you're dealing with we have processes for that.

But it's my gift to you all you got to do um before you go home tonight is get a seos and how many slots do we have open for that nine oh. I thought we had 12 all right. Um we have nine slots available. So um if you're interested in doing something like that see moss before we go home now let's talk about something.

I love called bucket yes. Lily oh she's very sensitive to. EMF. So.

I'll. I'll repeat her question. So what's the main differ well. I'm arguably biased okay.

But. I will say this and. I will. I will happily go up against any other practitioner who wants to prove me wrong.

But spinning beats tapping 10 out of 10 times yeah um and. I. I say that with no. With no.

Ego because. I've tested it you know it's faster it's more direct and the change happens long the change is more permanent um it's just it's just more efficient to do it that way um and we've discovered recently that you can actually spin for other things. I literally had a lady spin her things for her horse and it worked yeah that was just in the. Last two three weeks she asked.

Can. You. Spin can you do proxy spinning and spin this for. I don't know.

I never tried test it and let tell me what happens 5 days. Later. I did. I did one for my my horse and it worked.

Big. Bill. Bankston yeah well no. That's image cycling yeah it's a form of spinning you can think of it that way for sure.

But you know honestly this stuff. I've been doing this almost 20 years now. Lily and. I'll tell you.

I still step back from this sometimes and. I go that that that shouldn't work it just it. But it doesn't matter what. I believe right.

Paleo cortex is another way of saying reptile brain right. If you go if you have the the book. Uh. Red.

Gold they refer to that part as the. Paleo cortex yeah this just sounds more scientific than the lizard right. You gotta love your lizard right. So.

Anyway. So let's talk about bucket listing now one of the things. I want you to do. I want to step you through this bucket listing is a way of beginning the process of venting and going meta to our emotional issues.

So the. First thing you're going to do is you're going to get a piece of paper paper and you're going to list everything you want to change and you're going to assign a number value to it. So let me see if. I have a a sample of what this looks like okay.

Okay. This is good right. Here okay. So there's two ways that you can do bucket listing.

I prefer the. Thematic approach can you guys all see the board okay. So thematically is. I'm gonna pick a topic my example here is fear.

So all. I'm going to do is. I'm. G to get out.

I usually use a yellow legal pad because for some reason yellow. I think because. I'm a spleen person uh yellow just resonates with me. But you whatever ever kind of paper you want and when.

I do a thematic. Black. List the. First thing.

I'm do is. I'm just going to list all the things. I'm afraid of just brain dump them out on the screen on a sheet of paper okay. Once.

I do that. I'm going to take. I'm going to look. At that list and.

I'm going to assign a number value of 0 to 10 to each of them. So if. I'm doing fear. I'm just going to bring.

I don't care what order they come out right. I just. I just vomiting them out onto a screen and. Then.

I'm going to sign a number. Val. So plane. I'm afraid of planes are flying nine they're.

Fighters 10 large women in comfortable shoes is a three right. Pregnant uh pregnant vws 10 when. I was when. I was a kid my friends like to play.

Punch. Buggy and. So every time. I would see aw.

I get slugged. So it's a 10. Kevin. Hardy's latest whatever right.

Kevin hard is one of my my students he's always got weird coming up. Anyway the point is. I'm going to assign number value to all of these right. And.

Then. I'm going to reorganize these based on their charge. So. I'm going to go from lowest to highest right.

Um. So. But. I'll um.

So. I'll start with my ones oops that's really hard to see. So. I'm going to list all my level ones all the things that have charge of one right.

Uh and. Then. I'm going to oops that's that didn't work out the way. I planned it.

Then. I'm going to list my twos my threes my fours my fives. My. Sixes seven eight nine all the way up to my.

T now here's a little helpful hint if any of your stuff has a charge of zero it's probably not a problem put it out there. But. I'm going to list all all the things. I'm afraid of based on the charges.

So. So here's a here's my level 10 pregnant vws right. So that goes here at the bottom of my list oh that worked well and. I just all.

I'm going to do is re rewrite my list arranging it from the lowest charge to the highest charge now the the optional step if you want to do this for training as opposed to just clearing stuff is for each of these numbers. So. I have level ones let's say um. I'm mildly afraid of oh let's say water.

I get nervous around water or boats right. So that's a level one for me what other level ones um might. I have um. I say that because my my father-in-law my mother-in-law are.

Chinese and they're little. Anyway moving on. But my point is. So.

I have my primary right. My my level one. But do. I have any other level ones that.

I could kind of plug in here that. I could work on and. I want to do that for each of those those power levels if you're pressed for time and you just want to deal with the most immediate stuff. Then whatever you brain dump is fine.

But the idea here is. I'm going to take whatever techniques. I know now you guys learned two primary techniques tonight you learned the. Magic.

Frame and you learned the energy spinning right. Very the same process whether you want to make something better or something worse you just find the direction that gives you the feeling you want instead amplify the spin put it back in let the program install okay. You did learn color breathing. I gave you a little little approach and you would just cycle through all those techniques until you've gotten the result that you want.

But when you start to train and you want to start to work on your own stuff take the time to get these things out on a physical piece of paper the very. Act of writing things on a piece of paper. Begins the venting process because you have to write these things out your neurology calibrates that as expressing. Energy starts moving through your hands through your nerves through the muscles of your fingers in pen onto the paper if you want to take it if if you're into energy you want to take it even further get yourself a wooden pen sand all the paint off and now write in pencil through the through the stripped off bar um pencil and now you're using your wood energy with the wood element which is your stress energy by the way in the body the wood element.

So now you'll actually vent more because now you're you have a correspondence going. But for those of you who aren't into the woo stuff don't worry about it writing works just fine with a ballpoint pen okay. We get that out just the act of venting it onto a page causes you to begin resolving it. Then when you look.

At it and you measure it you take yourself from the same level as the trauma to a meta position which gives you control we're. GNA. I. I give you guys a little quick example of that in a minute.

But um now we're above it the act of measuring it dissociates you from it and gives you the ability to gain perspective before you even started resolving it you already resolving it okay. I don't normally tell people that part. But. I usually trick them.

Then what are you going to do you're going to start with your level ones you're going to point to where you feel it you're going to ask yourself is it okay. To get rid of this is there any reason that. I might want to keep it go with your. First impression if you get anything other than a resounding yes.

Or or resounding no. Frame it you start with your magic frame you say okay. There were a picture floating in the space around me that represents that feeling of frequency picture. I could reach out and touch where would it be boom nail it back there check in is it gone it's gone move on to the.

Next one if it isn't point to where. I feel it scale of 0 to 10 rate the intensity notice there's a color connected to that feeling what's the color. First impression reach in grab that color take it out notice it's spinning what direction it's spinning. First impression what direction makes it better makes give me gives me what.

I want instead find the direction double the spin double the speed double the force double the magnitude keep doubling it boom right. Let it install when you're done don't rush the process this is a secret if it takes you 20 minutes to let that program reload let it most of you won't take more than 3 minutes. It'll seem like an hour right. Scan check in with your body is it gone did it move did it change and.

Then depending on what happens. Next you can go right. Into color breathing what color is it what color would give me what. I want instead breathe it through is it gone no.

Then you move on. Magic. Frame it and and you just cycle and you can do you can do them in any order that you want you follow me that's why. I gave you these three techniques because every time one pathway closes the others open and it becomes like.

Legos and you can just chain them together in any way you want right. But the secret is you want to build a mechanism at the unconscious level that automatically handles this stuff and the way you do that is by letting the unconscious mind win how do you do that you start with the level one monsters you kill enough level one monsters you gain experience points now you go to level two follow me and you just work through the list now by the time you hit the fours the fives and the sixes you will have built up such a history of success with that technique that a lot of times your unconscious mind will just start resolving it'll be like a little antivirus looking going around looking for to fix right. When we did when we did did the re the belief change workshop conversational belief change and we had people write down all their limiting beliefs and. Then we taught them each of the 14 reframe patterns by the end of the three days they couldn't have a negative belief because every time they came up you got you were there he couldn't he he couldn't have a.

NE he couldn't come up with a negative belief because he would ref frame it instantly he got. So conditioned to just changing perspective on what he thought was true and unchangeable that he was like. I don't even know who. I am anymore right.

So there's lots of ways to do these things right. This is it's a lot. I gave you guys a lot. I know.

I know. So. I have a couple of requests did you guys have fun you learn a lot of cool stuff. I talk way too much if you had a good time and you got value from tonight please post good things to our.

Meetup if you didn't enjoy it or you didn't get value please post to somebody else's meet up what can. I come off mic for a. Second okay. Oh oh.

I don't want to give him that you don't want anything special do you damn you. Moss all right. So. I have a uh is it a relationship.

Workshop what am. I doing this weekend oh okay. All right. So tell you what.

I. I. I. I wasn't gonna do this it was obviously.

Moss's idea which means. I'm gonna regret it. But um. I have.

I have a virtual event coming up this weekend it's called get the love you want the way you want it it's a combination of my attraction. Mastery course and my soulmate. Secrets program combined with a healthy dose of my. Law of.

Attraction training uh and it's specifically designed it was specifically designed for people who are on my um romance. Workshop. I did a webinar a couple weeks ago. I broke out all my relationship products that.

I created many many years ago. I gave it away and. I decided to give them a free uh. VIP ticket to the virtual pen if anybody wants to to join in on that on that three-day training um we'll give you a half price ticket voucher uh just see moss he'll explain all the details it's a virtual thing.

So you don't even have to show up um in person um. But yeah it'll be through. Zoom it'll start uh 10: am on. Friday and both.

Friday. Saturday. Sunday. So yeah that's about all.

I have to say about that. So. I want to uh on behalf of. NLP power and yes.

Sir this still going mentioned open loop back here that's on my oh this flip in the script that's what we just did with bucket listing yeah because what happens is your nervous system will always draw your focus to the most traumatic things. First which by definition is the thing you've had the most trouble getting rid of. So you have a bigger history of failure with those things than anything else. So if you want to be able to deal with with those levels of things and you're not willing to work with somebody trained or or or outside of yourself to do that you have to retrain yourself on smaller monsters build up your success and confidence level and skill set and.

Then take on the bigger ones now what. I didn't tell you which. I will tell you now is that if you do it this the way. I'm teaching you by the time you hit the eights nines and tens they won't feel any different than the ones two and threes because as you step through this process the the perceived level of difficulty from one level to the.

Next is only one when people see the level one and the level 10 a lot of times they think oh my. God that's that's. So far in between the intensity of the tens versus the ones how am. I ever going to get there.

But when you break it down and you train this way it resources you differently right. What what you can't overcome through. Instinct and genetic programming you have to overcome through training and understanding. So this allows you to flip that script because your natural tendency is to focus on the most heinous things in your life.

First and it makes sense it's it's evolutionarily adaptive it's why your ancestors survived. But the reptile brain doesn't really care about your happiness it has two jobs to keep you alive and move the genes forward anything else is is icing on the cake. So it will keep you alive. But it doesn't necessarily care if you're depressed or not right.

So you need other techniques to to fix that to move that needle does that make sense yes. Okay. Yeah. I was giveing the m.

So. I naturally have the permission to ask a question. So. I say that again.

I was given the mic. So. I naturally had the permission to ask a question oh. So my question is.

I'm not shy. So. I like to talk to people uhuh and. I started realizing.

I was doing something and. I'm not sure and it's more of a confirmation of if is ethical for me to do this. I started kind of fixing people without their permission no. With their permission okay.

I always ask for their permission. But my the ethical part is there's no. Followup. I guide them into meditation.

I see their change some people have like this what the hell just happened it didn't work and some people are like what the heck happened why do. I feel the way that. I do. So.

I have like the the two aspects um and. I. I don't give it my like no. Information.

I kind of just say have a nice day hopefully you have a wonderful day and. I walk away. But. I have this feeling of like sh do.

I should. I contact them like should. I follow up like how do. I know well if they know you did an intervention.

Then you should absolutely follow up because you did an intervention you charge more yeah that's true. But it's. I'm not charging it well we'll work on that. Next.

I demand all of you clinicians charge more money you're needed right. But no. If if you are if you're moving through the world being a you know a zadik which is a you know just a a good. Saint type person moving through the world it's like a.

Highway to. Heaven. You. Know.

M. Michael. Landon going around fixing people and. Then moving on that's one thing.

But if you're intentionally eliciting a process with somebody and moving them through a process whether you're getting paid for it or not it's probably a good idea for you to be conscientious enough to follow up and see what the results of your change work or your intervention is. So should. I just stop talking to people that's something you have to decide. I would take it in and out okay.

I know what the presupposition in your language indicate to me. But that's not up to me to say right. So um any other questions before. I turn you loose on the world yes.

What does in- and up mean check in with your soul go up to. God and ask for. God's answer we spend a. I like to.

I don't another can of fish here we go we're a bit of a mystery. School in that we're going to move you through different levels of of. Consciousness raising and give you access to higher and higher levels of ability based on the work that you do. So you're going to reach a point if you keep clearing your stuff away.

You're. Gonna you're going to discover or. I should say. ReDiscover who you are which is a soul which is a light you're not male you're not female you're light you're you're a fragment of divine and that part of you is always connected to the higher part and.

So when you reconnect with that part of you that's the part that will tell you what's right. And what's wrong for you and. So we tell you it's not about good it's not about evil it's about doing the right. Thing and the right.

Thing is always based on what comes from your heart and your soul and from from. God and. So when we have these these situations or these cases of should. I do this or should.

I not do this you can ask everybody and their brother what they think. But at the end of the day what's right. For you is what comes through that. Pipeline and sometimes that's easy and actually it's almost never easy.

But it almost always is the right. Thing yeah. So. I.

I know this answer. But. I just don't know how to explain it. So when someone says what do you mean by.

H or. God like if they don't believe in. God how do. I explain to them in a way that they would understand what's your belief about your what's your cosmology what's your belief about you if they're atheists.

Then the highest they can ever go is their parents well ask them what does your inner what does your inner parent say in parents they'll rebel against that right. Away and do the opposite no. You have to figure out what a person's spiritual orientation is before you start talking about these things. I don't even as much of it as.

I do. I don't even like to talk about it uh in these groups because it it it's it it gets really. W really quick and that's. I know a lot of people are into that.

But. I can't go to the anatomy book. And point to a chakra. So.

I'll. I'll explain all these phenomena in terms of. Neurology gr physiology things of that nature because we can prove that right. So when you start talking to people about their higher power you ask them what's your concept of the higher power do you believe in one ask it for the right.

Answer higher. Powers is the most well most people have some con unless you're a complete atheist and even even a lot of atheists interestingly believe in energetics pretty interesting that they they have they they won't accept the concept of. God or even the other guy or girl or whatever it is. But they'll believe in energy and love manifestation in metaphysics and it's it's an interesting conundrum.

But. So any other questions thank you all for coming good night. God bless have a safe buy lots of cookies eat lots of candy we'll hang out while we tear down. I'll answer any questions that you have thank you all for staying.

So late.
