Title: uND853pDFaw.txt
Video Id: uND853pDFaw
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uND853pDFaw

Members. So if you've never been to uh uh. Sunday live class before it is absolutely fantastic to have you and of course our guest tonight is. David.

Schneider who's one of the highest rated office speakers at uh hippo thoughts every single year and. First time. I've imaged of. Spider-Man suit and uh the plot has passed out.

So. I'm excited about him being here and. I'm going to type in the chat box will you introduce. Our.

Guest yeah absolutely. I'm. Richard mute your chat room because we can hear a. DJ hello everybody happy.

Sunday night. I hope you guys had a great weekend like. Richard said tonight's guess is. David.

Snyder now uh. Jessica. Quinn. Factory.

Davis nettered and. I have known each other forever uh we know each other as long as. Richard. Clark uh.

Richard. Clark gave us a. Snyder and. I all met on the same day at an event designed for hypnotists to share ideas for free and it's it's wonderful that uh you know we are doing this tonight.

David and. I uh were teaching together and being taught by each other and being taught by others uh every. Tuesday night for a number of years and. So it was really fun to have a guy who.

I've known for a long time on the show tonight. David. Snyder how are you. I am amazing.

Scott getting better all the time and thank you. So much for having me you know look. At you and. I.

I can't. I keep remembering that day you know that day back in. Long. Beach yeah the.

Student. Union yeah we're four or five guys walked in this funky redheaded dude this pale kid and this guy would stop smoking you know we just sat around shooting about you know talking about what we hope we can do this maybe we want to do that and and and we gotta look. Back and. I tell the story and every time.

I go to. Amazon because hidden thoughts uh and. I give all the credit to you and. Richard is is really um the materialization of what we started in.

La back in the early part of the century and and it's just amazing to see how you've taken it worldwide on a level and most of us have never even contemplated at least at that time we certainly didn't know what we were looking at. So you know it's as thrilled as. I am to be here and share these things with you when. I'm looking at.

Richard. Manning in the chat room uh uh thank you for having me. I'm truly grateful to be here and to be able to hey it was just a wonderful welcome from everybody. So probably since.

I am having the chat room what. I want people to do is ask you questions about if you're not familiar with. Davis work. David is an expert in conversational hypnosis or a lot of people out there who hold themselves out of some experts on conversational hypnosis.

I have not known. David for his walk as a shop uh. But. I've known him probably yeah probably met here about 2007.

So probably seven or eight years ago and uh he's always been intriguing to me and. I have always always one of the best teachers of of a conversational hypnosis. So tonight is a great night to ask questions about stealthy methods of hypnosis is that a good starting point for you always a good place to start and also you know. David uh.

David's been an instructor longer than he's been doing hypnosis instruction. Dave is also a martial arts instructor in it and. I think that's important uh in what we're talking about tonight because one of the things you know. I've watched with.

David teach. I don't know how many dozens and dozens of times we've watched each other. I watched you teach some of the same stuff over and over just because of how we have things set up you do a wonderful job of taking composting and breaking them down into their uh. Parts.

I'm not that smart. I have to figure out how to make it. So. I wouldn't be able to do it [Music] where the person knows how to put these pieces together in different orders.

So uh it's really fun to watch. David teach uh and uh like. Richard. Jade he is one of the highest rated speakers specifically for uh one of them that he's recording this is that he gives the uh students what they want and.

So if you guys are in the chat room right. Now uh and you want to hear about conversational hypnosis you guys have questions about it or want to set up directions go ahead. Richard ninberg. So the.

First question. I have is this tell me what conversational hypnosis is and. Then the. First question that already came in is how do you get consent for conversational hypnosis.

I think uh both of us are great questions okay. Well. First and foremost uh in my classes we teach we all know about this concept psychotic approach to doing things um we have two kinds of hypnotic contracts and both of them are in agreement. But one is very over and above board is the one we're all familiar with and that is simply um.

I'm a hypnotist you're the subject. I promise to do everything in my power to get you the change that you came for and keep you safe and your job is to. Simply follow my instructions to the best of your ability with the right. Attitude we're all very familiar with some variation of that hypnotic contract the other hypnotic contract is an unconscious agreement actually between a human nervous system and another human nervous system and the form it takes is actually very very simple.

I give an instruction you comply if they do what you tell them. Then you have a contract it's really that quite simple now how do you leverage that it's very simple you have to remember that the human nervous system is always pleasure driven or pain driven and the simpler the and more and less threatening the instructions the more rapidly the system tends to comply because it gets what it wants and that's the secret every human nervous system on the planet wants to feel good wait write that down again because. I think that's worth repeating that's really useful uh the the similar is uh the the simpler it is the simpler it is the more readily the and pleasure or feel good it is the more rapidly the nervous system tends to comply nothing feels better to the human nervous system than having itself reflected back to it right. Right.

And and and and that particular pattern manifests at every single level of even nervous system at every single level of. Human. Experience. So when you get consent the idea is to remember that of the systems that.

I teach have tremendous potential for misuse. But. I don't train those people okay. But.

I'm not a hypnosis cop either as a rule to people who are going to use this with malevolent intent don't stay around my trainings they don't have the patience for it even as simple as our stuff is you can feel the energy coming off those people the minute they walk in and it's not a fit for them our job is to. Simply find out what people actually want and show them in very clean simple pleasure. Laden ways how to get what they want by doing what we want them to do as long as we can do that in a way that their nervous system calibrates that they're getting it they will pretty much do what you want them to do out of default great great. So uh what you're talking about makes sense to me and as you're explaining it your contract that's more covert are there times where you know you give an instruction they follow you instruction they follow does that get broken and.

Then what do you do how far do you back up to re-establish what's that look. Like. I'm going to pay attention to the responses. I'm getting verbally and non-verbally from people.

I remember it's the antibody of the body as her. First before the words come out of the mouth. So many times if you're paying attention properly and you've done the state control work which. I know you have been thoroughly thoroughly trained in we have pretty interesting stories that we won't mention on this particular as they see the plush coming up on.

Skies. But. I do tell those stories in our covert trainings because it's. But they're good stories they're very good stories and they're and coming from somebody who had absolutely no.

Idea what the hell did you teach this guy right. Um considering you didn't actually know what the ramifications of what. I was teaching you were going to be right. Right.

And and the rest is kind of history and fortunately we documented it. But getting back to when. I'm watching and paying attention to another person. I'm not just paying attention to them on a visual level.

I have connected proprioceptively and there's a big word. I'm throwing out there with their system if you the the science that backs up what. I'm teaching is at a site called heartmath.org and a lot of people. I've mentioned it many many times over the past few years the science behind uh heart entrainment or they call coherence is irrefutable um it's incredibly powerful and it's the basis of the conversational system that we teach the.

Last thing we're going to teach you is language because the most powerful modulator of hypnotic experience is the body. So when. I connect with somebody. I'm.

Gonna. Know by the feeling changes in my body as well as the feelings. I generate within them what perceptual filters they're going to bring to. Baron whatever.

I say and if. I get a disconnect. Then. I know.

I have to back up and pace and pace and. Pace until. I've. Got the.

Feeling back that. I want them to have does that make it clear it does to me. But yeah let me ask you a question kind of in practice terms. I know now you work with your wife who is a chiropractor uh.

So you're working in your and you're working her. Clinic with her and you're dealing with medical issues along with emotional issues along with behavioral issues how can we conceptualize this conversational hypnosis as more than a party trick what type of client makes an appointment with. David. Snyder uh usually a lot of people who see me on.

YouTube and nobody else has been able to help them. I credit a lot of the things that. I do even though he's not a conversationalist. I learned a tremendous amount from.

Stephen. Park. Hill the man who wrote answer cancer and for many years. I was doing my conversational hypnosis in a separate funnel as.

I was my regression type hypnosis dealing with chronic illness and things like that and over time they became more and more uh integrated. But what people come to me for is anything that is just is not responding. But what. I've done is.

I've put a tremendous amount of techniques on the internet that people can try and they've used these things on everything from math phobias to. Heart blockages like arterial blockages and all points in between. I have a gentleman down here at. Scripps.

La. Jolla he works in the post-trauma treatment center he uses an 8 out of 10 things that walk in coming through the emergency room because it's faster than drugs. So. I get a lot of uh.

I just. I'm going to be working with the download with chronic obstructive pulmonary disorder we've done herpes outbreak scoliosis anything that is not responding to. Conventional treatment those are the people who either through the internet or through. Word of.

Mouth they're the ones that wind up in my clinic and they don't care. Richard they really don't care if. I wave a dead chicken over their head as long as they feel better when the session is done. So what is your session how much of your session is eyes.

Closed work and how much of your session with the eyes. Open work well this the stuff the hypnosis. Begins the minute they reach out for a consultation okay. Um and we frame it in a very specific way and.

I would highly recommend that anybody listening who sees patients um frame what they do in the sense of the client has to prove themselves to you as the hypnotist right. Because when and we have a very specific way that we we frame that in that um the blurb that we give is we offer all prospective clients a free 30-minute consultation to determine if your case is a fit for our methods after you pass our evaluation we'll discuss strategies for getting your situation resolved in the shortest amount of time possible. So just that frame shift starts to subtly create the idea that they have to follow instructions right. We remember as a hypnotist whether we're therapists whether we're conversational operators whether a more advanced covert hypnosis nothing happens until the client does what you say they don't have to believe they just have to follow instructions.

So on a covert level we need to start thinking not just in terms of the words that we use. But how are they going to what has to be true in order for my words to be true now what has to be true for that to be true. So we start thinking and. I actually talked about this on my.

Last training after a while you start thinking in presuppositions you start thinking four and five levels of what has to be true for. X. Y and. Z to be a natural consequence or a natural conclusion from that and.

So that's how things evolved over time that's getting out into the ozone a little bit. But the people who come to me um the way we look. At it is. I started screening them and.

I start testing them for compliance and layering in utilizing conversational hypnosis the moment they come in. But. I'm doing it in such a way that they're somatically engaged that means. I'm getting their body involved they have no.

Idea they're in hypnosis okay. The mode the most classical thing that. I do after. I've had them talk about their problem for 20 minutes which is important strategically um is.

I get them up and. I do a heavy hand light hand right. That's the. First one because well again just like most of us are taught.

I want to know are they more appropriate to direct suggestion or indirect suggestion. But most importantly what. I'm looking for is. I'm looking for how how rapidly and how easily do they follow the instructions if you get someone that starts to go through a process and every time you you stop speaking for a.

Second or two they stop doing what you've told them to do that's someone who's going to bump out at every conceivable opportunity you're going to waste a tremendous amount of time working with that client now most of us are to start for clients that will take the problematic ones because we just want to pay the rent right. We need to start changing that a little bit we want to work with the people that we know we can help and that's in my clinic that's what it's about. I know. I can help anybody who can follow the instructions.

But not everybody can can or is willing to follow the instructions. So that's the. First thing the. Second thing is and if you go to my videos you'll see me do this all the time it's a hybrid of.

NLP conversational hypnosis technique. I'll break it down a little bit. But. I could spend probably an hour unpacking all the subtleties linguistically that are going on in that.

But what. I do is. I have a remember a time in their life when. I felt tremendously good.

I have a point to where they feel it in their body right. That's already got the brain lit up differently than most images do because what we we build most of the time in hypnotherapy or traditional hypnotherapy is a guy's a vegetable in the chair. The. Girl's a.

Vegetable in the chair they're just very quiescent in the chair. I want them active. I want as much of the cortexes and levels of the brain active and integrated and focused to the same result as possible and that starts from the moment they walk in. So they point to where to it physically and.

Then have them. Reach. Out. And imagine that there's a picture connected to that feeling floating in the space around them from.

Marriage facilitating absorption and focus. I have them reach out with both of their hands and. Trace the edges of it make it bigger notice what happens to the feeling and. Then as.

I ask these questions every time. I ask a question they have to go inside to find the answer and validate that it's changed. So. I'm fractionating them through this whole thing they have no.

Idea they're in profound status of nebulism right. And yet they're moving stuff around they're wrapping it around they're getting all these spatial locations and they're convincing themselves that something is happening. I don't have to do anything beyond that except tell them what to do because. I'm conditioning them through that give and take also to comply to my instructions while at the same time.

I'm gauging their willingness to do it and let me just. Center up to you real quick just. I know some people joined us a little bit late every. Sunday night we get together for a free hypnosis class.

Scott and. I hosted we often have adjust tonight if you just. Tune. In.

Our. Guest is. David. Snyder who is in uh.

Southern. California and is one of the highest rated hip-hop speakers every year um. So uh. So welcome aboard if you just join us and the cool thing is is we always have our guests to guide us through hypnosis session which we'll do at some point she'll have a chance to experience hypnosis as well uh.

Scott yes. Richard that was like. I'm turning it over oh don't turn it over to me well going off what you were just saying there. Richard before.

I asked. David a question not only do we have our guests walk us through hypnosis. But whenever possible we have our guests offer products and services at a tremendous discount no. You can't have them actually it's too late because.

I already posted in your free conversational hypnosis now they're free guys. I want you to pay attention to the generosity of. David. Snyder and we really do appreciate it this.

I mean when we were talking about uh doing this we said you know we want something like a discounted thing something like that and he said. I'll give you something discounted. But. I'd like to give you something free too he gave us one of each it's really really cool of them uh.

So up above where you guys the regulars you know where it is above this video there is a link to click on and you get more of. David. So you know we're we're 15 20 minutes into this conversation now and if at the end of it you haven't had enough that's where you go to get more free stuff uh there was. So much free stuff instead of putting it on our our info store website like usual.

I said. I can't do that that'll take me all day and. So uh it takes you right. To.

David's page where there is a tremendous amount of audio video transcripts it is in fact a complete course. David what's one of the highlights of that course. I mean what what do you like to teach people that they can sort of take as a takeaway from any uh you know any class you do or or anything you do. I mean watch the head potential watching right.

Now um you know one something that perhaps they haven't thought about before or something they haven't done before and they can start doing today they would bring value to the people we're working with well. I'll tell you um there's a really it's not sneaky. But uh. I'm debating on whether to just do it to you and.

Then explain it. Later or to explain it to you and. Then do it usually it's better to just have you have the experience and. Then go back.

But one of the things that. I really do um want to get out there to everybody regardless of where you've been doing hypnosis 20 minutes or 20 years have fun with what you do be passionate about what you do get playful remember as as many of us are. Educators and and. Scott will verify this.

I've been teaching him. I was teaching him this for free for over 10 years okay. I know what trainings are out there they. HMI used to send people to our meetups or.

Then it was called a. Sleepwalkers event. But they would send them to our meetings in. LA and have us sign off that they attended the class for extra credit.

So. I've seen what every system is teaching. I know how they teach. I know from the bottom of my heart as good as those curriculums are there is no.

I repeat there is no. Training on the planet that will prepare you for dealing with human beings in their natural habitat they can give you a foundation. But just like. Michael.

Tyson says everybody got a plan today get hit right. So when you get in that room you have a set of principles and a set of guidelines that you were taught and yes. Every now and. Then the client actually does follow the process.

But many times some of the biggest discoveries. I've had that. I've shared with the world and have really changed my life happen when things didn't work and. I want you to really understand it when things don't work is an opportunity for you it's an opportunity for you to get really freaking creative and start getting really curious and the more.

Curious you become the more rapidly you'll gain that facility and that ability to just roll with the punches at every hit and it just covets and every hypnotist needs if they want to be effective and that's really just that mindset that there's two kinds of people that we deal with and. Scott can validate this and. I'm sure. Richard himself has seen this there's two kinds of people.

I've seen in the world hypnosis we have the achievers and we have the chronically over trained okay. Now they have a lot of things in common one of which is the. Achievers in life know that they're never done which is exactly the same as the chronically over trained they know that no. Matter how much they know no.

Matter where they go no. Matter how many people they study with there's always more to learn the fundamental difference is that the. Achievers know they have enough to start the chronically over trained can't start until they're finished. But they're never finished.

So they never start that is. So true you know. I. I wanna.

I. I offer a six-hour course on anxiety uh and if there's somebody on our. ICBC form just the other day said wait a minute how can you teach somebody to deal with it those deal with anxiety in just six hours well that presupposes that they came to the course with zero knowledge and it also presupposes that some knowledge can't help you to begin and if. I waited until.

I was always ready to work with every one of my clients. I would never work with any flies. So. I think that we need to recognize that any professional who takes a a course every course somewhere has to be in their.

First course and they're always going to add to that and and somebody who takes um for example the. HMI uh free course or the course that. Scott offers an hpti or the. ICBC golden level course is going to have the skills necessary to begin helping people extrapolate that out uh to things that are more product oriented whether it's your website uh or your.

First hypnosis recording. MP3 or a book. Or whatever your they say a work of art is never finished it's abandoned right. And.

I remember for years saying. I'm not ready to make recordings yet and. I spent a couple years seeing clients say. I want a critical mass of data.

I want a critical mass of data. I want more before. I do it and. Then.

I. Finally said okay. I just got to start making stuff. I started making stuff and.

I was really proud of the stuff. I was making and. I said okay. This is good and.

I go back and. I listen to it and you know some of them are good and some of them aren't you love on candid uh. But that's what growing up is that's what evolving is that's what maturity is that's you know the progressive discovery of our own ignorance. I mean that's what we're supposed to be doing and.

So the idea of you're going to learn more by getting started uh. Then you will just taking classes and obviously the three of us are very pro-education. Pro traditional education and supplementing that with getting out of your classroom and applying the stuff in the world. So you see what parts do overlap and what parts need um created uh.

Problem. Solver yeah. But once you've got a a source for the education that you need you need to balance out just going out and doing stuff you know whether you charge or not charge get out there and just hypnotize as many different people in a fun playful way. So this is the other thing is everybody looks for some serious to be their.

First uh their. First go around with hypnosis until they walk in and. I have all these tools and. Then you have a screamingham reaction because that's how the universe works right.

You never you never did always come out of nowhere which. I get really excited by the way when they start having ad reactions because that means that what. I'm doing is working um. But start with fun stuff go out play with it you know just play with that as.

Brian. David. Phillips calls some imagination games frame invisible games look. How cool your mind is and from any of that you'll start to eat just the wraps over and over and over again you know what we've done we've started doing in our in our training funnel just to make sure that these people know that they're going to be engaged on what they produce we actually started having people keep track of how many interventions how many inductions how many funnels because when.

I teach things. I teach things in silos or stacks of techniques. So everything. Builds on what went before and.

So they literally log every time they do an instant induction every time they do a great room every time they do a magic frame every time anything and at the end of the class they have to turn in hey give me a copy they keep a copy um because they're gonna know when they [ __ ] out of that class how much work they've actually done and that in and of itself is a tremendous tremendous confidence. Builder because she walked that [Music] pathology and. I'm assuming that's because you have a uh a perspective that comes from a pathological uh uh uh advantage point which. I would definitely uh.

I agree with as well did you study after pound jail no. All the time the difference is that um. I don't do. I've done a few parties and stuff like that.

I don't. I study stage. I. I teach hypnotic presentation skills that we just finished the class on that.

Last week uh and that's not hypnotizing people on stage it's hypnotizing the audience from the stage and. So it's very much all about installing and and uh. I don't consider myself motivational speakers such as a transformational one. I want to be able to from that audience to my students from that audience to be able to dramatically guide an audience to profound changes covertly and overtly and.

So um. I have done stage. I trained to stay in fact if you look. At some more coming in early early uh you'll find me lurking about in there somewhere work for you he's about what 30 pounds heavier though about 30 pounds heavier yeah actually at that time yeah and.

I actually got heavier after after that phase. I actually bloomed up another 30 pounds and. Finally when. I got around to losing away uh.

I. I dropped it in total about 70 pounds wow [Music] my wife has a. PHD in. Biochemistry.

So when we look. At these things we look. At them very differently we looked at the original 1950s protocol which has only two phases instead of four and as we're going into this process the one thing that came became apparent very very early on was that we were seeing tremendous amounts of people who were the way it was coming off everybody the problem is as soon as they get off of it through the process it comes right. Back and everybody.

But me uh was that nobody was doing the emotional cooking work and that at the end of the day is again our stocking trade the the brain the mind is doing things and the weight is never the problem. So we can do all kinds of things to take that weight off. But if we're not dealing with the reasons why we put that weight on in the. First place chances are nothing you just gonna say very well okay.

And uh. So tomorrow. I'm going to go to. Costa.

Rica uh and uh. I'll be back on. Friday and uh are emotionally clear hell no. I know um you know the kind of that kind of traveling will pack the way on unless you're taking really really uh significant success to maintain what you're doing um as many questions as.

I can and being normal growing up and we have to completely go back and say whoa that that's right. That was a common occurrence. But it's not normal when we need to go back and really make those adjustments as well yes. Um changing your diet starting or stopping doing drugs it can become normal and nothing feels completely normal at.

First. But it can feel different it can be a good kind of difference. But basically we're telling the story and you were saying that you know 99 of the time you are better resource you are completely normal you're more in control than anyone around you one percent of it you're completely insane and you go nuts and into that one percent is what we use to validate whether we're succeeding or not yes. To be true at a time you're completely insane you're better than everyone else changes.

So. I'm always always recording great room with that. I know what it is this is a scan and where in the world according significant changes thank you uh because. NLP loves the complicated [ __ ].

But anything that relies on trance in order to manifests. First when you play pretend as a little kid right. Nobody told you to close your eyes. Go right.

The rest of them three levels verification construct and the. Strategic suggestions. So when. I started working on these things in.

French foreign [Music] [Music] foreign [Music] realistic and you can go into deep regressive work you can go into um [Music] openly available a lot amount of. Europe certain patterns um everywhere. I sit in my life. Next to me is a pile of researched and.

I'm more informed on every single day. So if you have any questions everywhere she went to make it easy for her to learn more. I could just love that as an idea of the people that are they're really successful. But we are we are quickly.

So what if uh. Richard and. I turn off our mic and our cameras. So that we are not distractions [Music] ladies and.

Gentlemen please close your eyes. Is relax. Ed your other than the sounds of my voice and just adjust. So clearly without putting any more attention testing let that level of relaxation flow from the top of your head all the way down the tips foreign relaxation double me even quadruple.

So it's a moment way down all the way up my voice everything. I say everything. I do to give you the life. So one.

Last time and deeper deeper soul s together. I want you to do this as this is just as these days very very special way s starting with the letter z with every breath that you take everything to do come on relax and many times you get. So relaxed okay. Slowly you go deep inside pretend ing again to.

YouTube shoulders we call this glass tube has severe very very special offices experience understand most importantly this is limitations what to do instead. So all. I'd like you to do now is observe that process is taking place century number one was you unconsciousness [Music] of your mind another level of your consciousness doing its work do it to work experience [Music] another and. I were still until you find yourself it's not fast like you would expect it's safe and it's comforting and it's nourishing always is the most distorted in this place distance closed now.

I don't know this distance absolutely well welcomed if you find awareness that awareness deep internet everything else room walls roaring with a beautiful flooring fire as you look. Around squares it although lessons this place a wall and begin it off magnitude and diminish don't try to measure it don't try to manage and notice what happens instead of something else hand rip it off [Music]. Feel the. Rush energy anytime soon ability being able to do this number one feel yourself powerful [Music] ten times any problems results [Music] and please yourself [Music] is [Music].

So [Music] um [Music] [Music] thank you.
