Title: uRtknG0nl7A.txt
Video Id: uRtknG0nl7A
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uRtknG0nl7A

E e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e hello hello hello everyone this is. Dr. David checking in with you we'll be starting in approximately less than three minutes um. Welcome to our new time slot uh 1:00 p.m.

Pacific time uh on. Wednesday we're experimenting with different webinar times. So if you guys have any input as to uh what the best times for you are based on where you are in the world um if you can uh communicate those to us in uh in terms of pafic time uh. So that we know uh how to best reach you and when it's easiest and more conducive for you guys to to spend some time with us uh that would be super super helpful you guys are the reason we do these webinars and uh uh.

I love taking the time out whenever. I can to to share some amazingly powerful and. Unstoppable transformation and influence and persuasion of secrets with you and. I'm really excited because this is absolutely tonight's webinar is absolutely one of my favorite classes to teach.

I love all the classes that. I do uh. But whenever. I look.

Back on my career uh when. I started as a kid in. Pennsylvania through my time in. Florida in the at the.

Oklahoma. State. University or sorry um. Oklahoma.

State yeah ohu. Oklahoma. City yeah and uh and up through my medical school career and and even to now when. I look.

Back at the. Connecting. Threads of all those different versions of. David the thing that has made the biggest impact the biggest change in my life has been the ability to influence and persuade human beings and.

Then. I include myself within that because that's actually the most important person that you need to influence and that's why a lot of you are here you're looking for an edge an advantage a way to to tip the scales in your favor and tonight is where you get to do that on steroids tonight is where you will learn some of the most powerful amazing techniques for transformation persuasion and communication. I have ever discovered that have changed the course of my life not once or twice. But multiple multiple times.

So believe me when. I tell you that if you just follow the instructions tonight and really do the drills you're going to have experiences that are going to change everything for you and. Then if you want to take it further and you want to learn more. I'm going to show you how to do that.

But tonight or to this morning or this afternoon whatever part of the world you're in make sure you have coffee something to write with something to take notes on um a good attitude and a sincere desire to follow instructions do the drills and get the skills because without further. Ado we're about to talk about secrets of human influence killer influence secrets of covert hypnosis psychological tactics for influencing humans to do whatever you want ethically honestly anytime anywhere under any circumstances for any reason whatsoever uh the the material that you're going to be exposed to tonight is what the heck just happened to my there we go that was weird somebody just turned off my camera. Anyway the the material that you're going to be exposed to tonight is not theoretical it is not something that you'll find in a new age mumbo jumbo book. It is stuff that has been verified not by one.

But multiple un universities and research institutes. But all that aside it's been ver verified and validated by over 30 years of infield uh training and workshops and things of that nature all right. So let me just um just we do have a few pregame things that. I want to talk about before we get into tonight's content.

So the. First thing is um by a show of that's me in the chat type if this is your. First time in. Planet.

David type in your name how you heard about us um and what it is that you want to be able to do as a byproduct from tonight's webinar all right. What is it you're going to want to be able to do right. And. I.

I want you to not only do. I want you to type it in the chat. But on your notebook. Pad or whatever.

I want you to write that down because we're going to be coming back to that uh very very shortly uh because. I want to give you an experience and by having the experience you can understand what it's like to to guide other people through that experience. So. Aisha says.

I heard about you from a coworker of mine awesome welcome um make sure you type in where you're checking in from if you're a veteran of. Planet. David uh type in your name where you're checking in from and how long you've been a member of the channel and uh because you veterans um because you uh. Aisha is from.

Canada excellent um because you veterans. I'm going to put you to work uh you're going to be my teaching assistants. So to speak tonight those of you who've been in. Planet.

David had been through a at least three or four seminars right. I want you guys to if you see questions that. I miss or that you have a direct experience answering. I know everybody wants to hear from me.

But you guys expect me to be able to do this you expect me to tell you all the amazing things that this is going to do for you and they're true. But when you hear regular people just like you who've been using these skills and using these techniques to create profound changes in them lives in real time to me that is what you should be paying attention to okay. So. I really want to.

I want everybody to feel like they're part of something much larger than themselves even though all of you are here to become more powerful to become more significant right. If this is your. First time we're gonna we're going to go through the webinars if you you have never been in. Planet.

David whatso whatsoever and. I'm going to give you a little bit of my background a little bit of my credentials and. Then we're going to go through part we the webinar tonight is going to be in three parts. First part is foundations phase this is where we're going to give you some powerful foundational information and experiences along with drills.

So you can experience what it's like to be on the receiving end of this process part two is where we're going to transition into. Next steps and leveling up leveling up is where we show you okay. This is the the techniques that you just learned in. Phase.

One are from this system these trainings this seminar this book. Whatever this is where you go to get the access to everything that is in the system right. So phase one is foundations and fundamentals phase two is leveling up phase three is customization and application. So let me explain that to you at the end of phase two when.

I've gone through all the different packages we put together and the training calendars that we've got and things of that nature that if you when you decide you want to take it as far as you can we're going to come back and we're going to build on the foundations that we taught you in level one and we're going to drill down and give you very specific techniques beyond what you learn in phase one coming up shortly and customize the content of tonight's webinar for you. So that you can take it right. Out into the world today and start influencing people and hearing more yeses in your life um and uh more trust more credibility more uh status because these are all things that are important to you okay. But before we go into that.

So one of the things we're going to be talking about tonight um is how to control and direct your and other people's emotional states we're going to start with a. A perer of that we're going to talk about secrets of irresistible human influence uh charismatic communication on command and how to win arguments and overcome objections at will we're going to show you. First of all one of the very. First things we're going to show you if you apply this it's called the emotional bonding checklist if you apply this in every situation you can you're going to neutralize most arguments right.

Away because you will automatically be communicating to somebody on an emotional needs level and people rarely resist uh requests directions or suggestions that help them satisfy their emotional needs. I want to. I want let me repeat that a few more times people rarely resist anything that helps them satisfy their most personal emotional needs and when you can speak to a person's emot needs they'll generate all the reasons for doing something they'll generate all the context all the justifications all the rationalizations necessary for them to act on those body feelings okay. So this is a really really important this is the this is the the super meta 50,000 foot view of everything that we're going to be talking about okay.

Now my disclaimer. First and foremost if. Politically. Incorrect language colorful metaphors swearing or the word boobies offends you now is prob not the best usage the.

Next two to three hours right. We may go longer we may go shorter. U this is a new time slot for us. So.

I'm experimenting right. But my intention for you guys and. I use that like like the new non-gender specific bro. I learned that from my nanny today bro is now a non-gender specific word.

I don't. I don't know when that happened. But. Bros listen right.

Um my goal is never to offend anyone. However it's important to also understand that some of the things. I'm going to be sharing with you may not be politically correct um they're not going to land well with people who are. So indoctrinated in how they believe the world should be that they're not willing to work with it the way it is okay.

Right. When when you come to killer influence for example and. I and. I pull apart all the different biases that people have and you're not going to eliminate those biases in people.

So if you're if you can't eliminate them. Then you have to learn how to manage them you have to use them to move through the world being a. Force for good and an agent of change right. And that.

Agent of. Change you could be a high a high ticket salesperson you could be a coach a therapist a mentor right. You could be a negotiator a mediator a police officer a social worker. I don't really care a.

CEO right. I don't care what the application is these tools will help you right. So that being said um let's talk about. I'm gonna go ahead and share my screen really quick.

I'm not a big fan of screen share. But um maybe we'll do it this way um that's not working hold on a. Second. I want apparently my side bys side view has changed.

I was going to. I was going to see if. I can do side by side. But it's not going to work okay.

So. First and foremost why why am. I even here why why do. I even qualify to teach you about this subject well.

First and foremost um my name. I am actually a doctor of. Chinese acupuncture and. Oriental medicine.

I'm actually working on a. Second doctorate in very. Advanced forms of energy healing energy psychology and. Psychotherapy um through the ban wagang uh uh.

Institute of change and trans. Church of transformation uh it's a spiritual degree. But it it teaches all the stuff that never made it out of. China uh past the 90s.

So. I'm really excited about that. I've had a um this is a copy of my doctorate from. Pacific.

College of. Oriental medicine and uh. I've had a practice here in salana. Beach since about 2005 where.

I've specialized in treating physiological illness that's caused by repressed emotions. So. I've literally to use a to use a a mechanics term. I've literally been under the hood.

So to speak with tens of thousands of people uh finding out what's causing their problems what's making them sick helping them to overcome their limitations limiting beliefs fears phobias terminal and chronic illness and that was my specialty for many many years was treating physiological illness that was caused by repressed emotion and emotional patterns and. I want you to write that down patterns patterns of thought patterns of belief patterns of behavior patterns of feeling and emotion everything human being do runs on cycles and patterns okay. The primary driver of those patterns are body feelings. So that's two of your your your master keys right.

There everything we're going to share with you tonight is going to trigger a change in either pattern a behavior or a feeling okay. And with the the the the double asterisk the the real emphasis being on feelings okay. Feelings control everything and if we can understand the that's why we begin every class with. Hooked on a.

Feeling if. I could do it here. I would. I would i' everybody stand up jump around doing.

Hooked on a. Feeling and uh and get their body engaged right. Because there's pure power and pure magic in that space. But uh like.

I said. I've had over 15 years actually going on closer to 20 years now clinical practice. But on top of that. I've authored over 15 different products on various forms of human influence.

I'm in 2020. I was ranked the number one. NLP trainer of the. Year by global gurus. org.

I've been in the top two for the. Last eight years. So uh with the only person who's beaten me on a consistent basis has been the founder of. NLP.

Dr. Richard bandler. So. Kudos.

Richard uh. I'll get you again someday. I promise. Anyway um.

But. I've authored over 15 different products on various forms of human influence everything from uh selling and persuading to attraction and dating to therapeutic and healing practices mediation negotiation uh copywriting uh energetics uh int uh highle trauma resolution. I'm face reading you name it we've done. So much with it right.

Uh. But what. I'm really proud of is that the course that you're going to be be practicing and training from today uh is from a program we call killer influence now killer influence starting in about 2020 this is from 2022 by the way uh from 2020 up to 2023 uh the killer influence program was ranked the number one. NLP program in the world by global gurus. org okay.

So this was from. Last year and this is from this year or from uh. Last one was from 20 this is from 2023 and as you can see right. Here uh once again we're the number one.

NLP training program in the world uh there are two versions of killer influence defense against the dark arts and secrets of covert hypnosis uh and they're they've both been ranked number one. So you are getting the absolute best training in the world today if you want more we'll show you how to get that further okay. I'm also have a 10th degree black belt in okak. Allen karate.

I have fourth. Second and. First degree black belt in other martial arts as well. I'm a certified instructor in combat.

Systema. Cinco monosa modern arnice and. I've got more energy healing credentials than. McDonald sells hamburgers.

I've been a raiki master teacher since the early 90s uh. I'm. Advanced chronic healer and pronic psychotherapist. Advanced.

DNA. Theta healing uh. I'm a certified bangston energy healer. I do not teach the bangston energy healing system.

I'm not allowed to certify. But. I do practice and. I do teach variants of that in my trainings uh and chiong uh.

DST energetic. Chinese. Chinese energetic medicine. I'm working on my doctorate and hopefully.

I'll finish that up sometime this year um. So when you see all this stuff a lot of people ask well what are these things. I'll have in common well. I gave you the answer to that already and that was pattern recognition what are they have to do with human influence pretty much oops.

I have a very very sensitive. Mouse. Bill pretty much everything everything human beings do has a pattern and a structure to it and if you have the eyes. To see and the ears to hear people will reveal to you every single thing that you need to know to influence them to do what you want them to do okay.

Now everything you're going to learn in this training and in. NLP. Ultra and all of our other influence trainings is all about being on the side of the. Angels it's all about being able to influence people to find you more credible to trust and believe you to like love and and and uh follow you to mediate and and modulate uh conflict in the most ethical reliable and consistent way possible you don't ever have to lie cheat steal misrepresent or in some cases confuse people um and.

I'll talk about that a little bit. Later to to get them to do what you want them to do if you're someone who does a lot of sales work and you're constantly having to handle objections this is going to take objections 90% of your objections. I would. I would estimate if you follow the protocols that we're going to share with you tonight 90% of your your your objections are going to go out the window if you're a parent and you having you're constantly fighting with your spouse or uh your children to do what you need them to do to bring out the best versions of them themselves you're going to get some some of the most powerful keys of human influence tonight that you can just start deploying right.

Away and see a change in people now. I'm gonna jump back. I'm. I'm gonna jump out of my uh my screen for a moment just to to to look.

You in the eye. So to speak here's one of the things that. I really love about the content that we're going to be exploring very very shortly and that is this you as a student a practitioner my extended family you as a student do not have to believe a single thing you're going to learn tonight for it to work for you let me repeat that two more times in case you thought you misheard me you do not have to believe in these techniques for them to work for you what you do need to do is actually use them okay. Let me repeat that you do not have to believe a single thing.

I'm going to share with you tonight okay. But once you experience them you'll have you you you'll move beyond belief you'll move beyond faith into nosis direct experience and you will know something is true after that. I. I invite you to go out and just use it everywhere and challenge try to screw it up let me explain that try to screw these things up out in the real world and notice how hard it is right.

So that being said let's talk about um is it are you in the right. Place is this going to be the best use of your time because let's face it not everybody really thinks that influence and communication and persuasion are important some people are just here you know they're on their lunch hour or whatever. So if you can and and by the way type that's me or a yes. In your chats if any of the things.

I'm about to to ask you resonate with you how many of you would like to be more charismatic and attractive to members of the opposite sex or the same sex and make them you charming irr and irresistible and fascinating would you like would you like to be the most fascinating person in a room cool how many of you would like to be able to banish fear and insecurity from your life especially in. Social context where you have to talk to people and you have to actually get people to like you and trust you and follow your lead and want you to be part of their group if that's something you'd like more of. Then by all means please type yes. That's me in the chat if you'd like to learn how to protect yourself from manipulators and easily handle difficult people in any situation or circumstance go ahead and type that in the chat because that's where we're going tonight.

I promise you if you learn the three or four techniques that we're going to dive deep into you'll be you'll be able to handle difficult people you'll get people to to to tell you how to get them to do exactly what they don't want to do they'll love you for it and they will just flock to you when you use these skills now notice what. I said they will flock to you when you use these skills see if you'll just sit here and take notes do a couple drills and. Then go eat lunch and forget about the webinar or or don't take advantage of the opportunity for. Advanced.

Training. Then you're you're they're not going to help you. I can. I can teach you some of the most powerful techniques in the world that only take minutes.

But if you don't actually ever get off your butt and use them there's no. Point you might as well just go you know watch. The. Three.

Stooges or something because it's just mental masturbation. So the idea here is. I'm teaching you. I'm giving you these things.

So that you can use them because if you use them. Then your life will change if you don't use them you might as well not know them okay. I'm just putting that out there. So resonator says.

I want to master the art of manipulation well that's good that's fine um and that brings me to something we're going to talk about shortly what we call. Meta um um. Meta. Meta meta definitions or meta meanings right.

We'll talk about that in a minute uh. But go ahead keep typing in the chat if you'd like to have people thinking feeling and acting the way you want them to. So they naturally want to follow your lead program yourself to create massive. Financial abundance um with all the money more than enough money to buy the things you want and.

Then some and cause anyone to like love and. Trust. You. Nail two or three job interviews any of this sound familiar just if if any if you can say yes.

To that just type yes. Right. If you'd like to move through the world able to just put the whammy on people people in a powerful positive ethical way type that in the chat because that's where we're going okay. Which brings us to the.

Next thing everything and this is the this is the. First and most important principle that. I'm going to say for the. Third or fourth time since.

I started the webinar oh. Shane wants. Jedi. Powers you're on your way good dude.

I'm telling you right. Now if you follow what. I'm going to teach you. Jedi on the to-do list okay.

You take to quote. Obi-Wan you've taken your. First step into a much larger. Universe you're about to experience the beginning of the.

Matrix okay. It is that powerful it is that proven um and. I've used it. So often and.

So much. I can't not do it. So if you catch me doing it it's because it's just who. I am now if that makes any kind of sense.

But you also have to have a strong ethical and moral code when you're going to move through the world and apply this. So. I'm going to tell you right. Up front.

Karma does exist right. And. So you should only be using these skills in strict accordance with your own sense of personal standards and ethics right. Make sure that you're integral and and in harmony with what you know to be the right.

Thing to do when you apply these skills and you'll never have to worry you'll never have to look. Over your shoulder you'll never have to worry about going to heaven or going to hell. So to speak right. Do these things that are in alignment with your own sense of right.

And wrong you'll never go wrong okay. And you'll grow be prepared for growth okay. So that being said um here's what we're going to talk about tonight if you stay till the end of tonight's webinar here's some of the things. I'm going to be sharing with you.

First and foremost. I'm going to share with you the fastest most powerful ethical uh and honest way to influence anyone to like love trust and perhaps most importantly obey you now let me put a little a a little parenthesis around that the obey part because what's going to happen is when if you apply these skills people are going to do what you want them to do for their own selfish reasons now let me let me say that again if you practice what. I'm going to share with you tonight people are just going to naturally feel inclined to do what you want them to do for their own selfish reasons. But they may not do it in exactly the way you expect they will do what you want them to do their way and trust me that is far more powerful than any other approach when you give people the ability to choose to do what you want them to do their way they feel no.

Anger they feel no. Reactance they feel zero uh hostility towards you or manipulated in any way and this is one of the big things when people obey you from this using this formula it's not because they feel forced it's not like you've overwhelmed them with a confusion induction and overridden their their willpower and all no. They're doing these things because you've shown them a path to get everything that they want simply by doing what you want them to do and. So you'll never get that anger that resistance that's oh you manipulated me blah blah blah right.

Especially if you remember the the honesty line right. We don't need to cross the honesty line we we never need to lie we never need to coer we never need to um uh undermine a person's will power. So to speak okay. To do these things.

So. I just want to put that out there because a lot of the reasons that people don't use these skills is because they're afraid that they're going to do something unethical or they're going to be tricking people and it's just not true if you use these skills the way. I teach them to you can you misuse these skills 100% are there people out there that are in fact misusing these skills 100% how do you protect yourself against them learn these skills right. The more you know about these skills and how to use them the more protected you are from them okay.

So how many if. I'm going to teach you how to have people hanging on your every word how to have them literally salivating to do what you want them to do in any situation or circumstance. I'm going to teach you how to control your emotions and remove resistance to your influence okay. How many people have ever heard that been told no.

In the world when they when you've asked for something you've asked people to do something you've asked them for something they said no. What if you could actually take somebody who just told you that they didn't want to do something and in a space of five to seven minutes having them actually volunteering to do it would that be helpful would that be useful could you change would your life change okay. Hang on it's on the to-do list tonight okay. Um.

Finally and this is again the again if this is the scope of everything there is to learn in the killer influence and. NLP. Ultra systems that. I've developed this is the the scope of everything we have time for this much.

So here's my promise to you guys here's my my commitment to you. I'm. G to take you as far into this world as. I can.

I'm going to show you in easy fun drill skills and exercises how to do the things that make a difference fast right. Probably faster than you're comfortable with if you actually do these things and. Then. I'm going to point you in the direction of how to level up how to take the.

Next step how to go from interesting information to maximum persuasion in minimum time is that fair is it okay. For me to do that to show you how to level up yes. Yes. Or yes.

As tcer would say type it in the chat for me and. I want to. I'm big on audience participation. So the more yeses and hands and thumbs up and stuff like that the more excited.

I get okay. The more you participate in this webinar the more powerful the experience will be excellent you guys are doing you guys are rocking it. Richard arasmus. I haven't seen you in forever all right.

Uh let's see here all right. So what are some of the things we're going to be covering tonight. First we're going to start with the secret back door into the human nervous system this is a one simple language tactic that if you employ it everybody you meet will just start to like you they will feel. So good whenever you communicate with them they won't want to let you go this is one of the techniques this one of the.

First things we teach it's one of the core. Foundation skills that we base everything on and. Then when you get into. NLP.

Ultra we'll show you the real reason behind why we do this there's a reason we give to the general public and. Then there's layers of reason that we give to the people who actually attend the the inperson trainings and the pr private. Mastermind sessions and stuff like that we're going to teach you the most powerful words any human being can hear at any given moment we're going to teach you why that is. I'm going to teach you the.

Secrets. Tonight of emotional bonding and emotional attraction if you can understand and apply this simple formula people will just bond to you instantly they will literally offer you jobs that um you might not even qualify for and you can tell them right. Up front you don't qualify for it. But the moment you start applying this process they will in fact uh offer you the job we've had it happen multiple multiple times okay.

We're going to teach you the four pillars of irresistible hypnotic influence there's four macro categories of influence that. PE that will will get people to move in the direction you want them to move now each one by itself is extraordinarily powerful. But when you combine them together you get a gestal you get a. Synergy a hole that's greater than the sum of part.

So we're going to talk about those we won't have time to to go deep into any of them right. Um. But. I want you to understand that there's a whole there's a whole layer of training and each of these has its own body of techniques that will work individually.

But the. Dynamics of the compliance that you're going to get when you use. Authority or connection or. Affinity or acquiescence or attractivity they're going to be different they're still going to do what you want.

But the. Dynamics of how that will manifest will shift and change right. So those are the four pillars by way in case you were wondering. Authority the king attractivity the queen.

Affinity the princess and or. Affinity is actually the prince and. Then um. Affinity or acquiescence is the princess right.

If you have an understanding of these four macro categories. Then you can create irresistible influence pretty much anytime you want to okay. Finally we're going to talk about how to remove the resistance to your influence like. I said before what if people say no.

What say. I don't want to do. X. I don't want to do this.

I don't believe in this right. You just whip out this one conversational tactic people will generate their own cognitive and emotional reasons for doing the exact thing that you just told them or they just told you they didn't want to do and if you follow the formula they'll start doing it right. They'll start moving in the direction you want them to move move okay. So tonight is all about really learning how to take control to get the life you want the way that you want it mastering yourself from the inside and out starting today.

So if you guys are ready to go let me go ahead and share my screen really quickly. So everything that we're going to teach you tonight is from the. CPI killer influence system the killer influence system again has been ranked the number one. NLP program in the world since 2020 um.

I've been in the top two. NLP trainer slots in the world uh for the. Last eight years. I think it's getting.

I think it's right. Around eight years my math isn't. So hot okay. And it started with a program called.

CPI. CPI stands for conversational persuasion and influence it was my approach to conversational hypnosis. But. Then.

I realized as. I was developing the. CPI system which. I developed for me not you guys right.

None of this stuff this all this stuff works because. I didn't develop it and make it up and create it for you. I created it for me because. I had problems.

I needed to solve and this is the system. I created. So we started with. CPI and that evolved into a sister system that became killer influence right.

So the. First thing we need to understand is called the universal persuasion protocol and. I want you guys to write this down okay. Step.

Zero know your outcome know your outcome know what you want and how you're getting it okay. Control your state get. Rapport we'll talk about. Rapport a little bit more in depth in just a moment use your language skills manage the state of the subject jump into their process link to their criteria and values now when you see the word.

Criterion values let me get my little annotation tool here when you see the word uh um criteria and values what we're really talking about is oh that's not helpful learn something new every day we'll just do it here what we're really talking about is emotional needs okay. So in. NLP when you learn when you learn this if you learn this the way. I'm about to teach it to you which is very rare by the way um because.

NLP doesn't emphasize this we're talking about a person's emotional needs if you notice that the. Criterion values oops sorry about that right. So you notice that the. Criterion values or emotional needs segment here oops.

I'm learning my way around this uh this annotation function. So okay. The emotional needs is right. At the center of the persuasion.

Bullseye. So if you look. At this you know your outcome you control your state you get. Rapport you use your.

Lang whatever language skills you possess to manage the state of the subject you jump into their process and. Then you. Bond or link to their emotional needs if you follow this formula you will gain the ability to influence people any time anywhere under any circumstance for any reason okay. So everybody get out your pen and paper repeat after me control.

First of all know your outcome control your state get. Rapport use your language manage the state of the subject jump into their process bond to their criteria and values one more time. So you have a chance to write it down control your state get. Rapport use your language manage the state of the subject.

Bond jump into their process bond to their emotional needs or values one more time with feeling guys control your state get. Rapport use your language manage the state of the subject jump into their process bond to their emotional needs and values okay. Is everybody clear on that process if. I'm going to go into um the.

DMV and. I need to talk to a clerk. First thing. I'm going to do before.

I approach that clerk is. I'm going to observe and. I'm gonna. I'm gonna say okay.

What's my outcome okay. What state do. I need to be in how do. I get rapport with that person what language do.

I need to use to really reach this person how can. I use that to manage the state of that person. So. I can find whatever process process that they used to do to satisfy the emotional needs.

I want them to satisfy okay. That's a little bit again. I want you to watch this this video over and over and over again come back to it multiple times right. Level up the skills um if.

I'm in a nightclub and. I see someone that's attractive. First thing. I'm.

GNA do is gonna control my state. I'm. G to connect with that person. I'm gonna get.

Rapport. I'm gonna manage. I'm going to use the language skills. I possess how many people here just by a show of hands um in either chat by the way shouts out to my.

YouTube brothers and sisters shouts out to my people here in the chat how many of you hate small talk or whenever you go to talk to somebody brand new you struggle for the right. Thing to say anybody type it in the chat yes. If you follow what. I'm about to teach you this will never be a problem for you again what if you always had the exact right.

Thing to say to get people to to focus on you become completely fascinated connect fully trust and just keep talking and that the longer they talk the more attracted you become what if you have what if you have that ability what could you do with that this is where you type in the chat print the conversation way too much. Makita says right. Okay. You're about to learn that.

I'm gonna show. I'm gonna teach this to you um in just a moment right. It would change my life absolutely all right. So we're on the right.

Track. Then okay. So let me go to. I have to change to from.

PowerPoint to one note. So let's talk about how to hack the human nervous system in an ethical honest way what. I'm about to share with you is the most powerful words any human being can hear at any given moment in time. But before.

I do that before. I do that. I need to give you one more experience all right. So like.

I said. I can't go through every single. Nuance of that six-stage formula. So.

I have time to drill down on one or two key pieces. But they're going to be key pieces that you're going to take out into the world and you're going to use them right. Away and you're going to come back and learn the rest of it um at the. Next training okay.

Um. So. First and foremost remember that everything human beings do is in response to a feeling it's either a feeling they want more of or a feeling they want a whole lot less of. I'm me repeat that two more times for those of you who are taking notes and by the way it's better for you to take notes on a legal pad and with and physically write it than it is to type it okay.

I could give you all the. Neuroscience behind that. But. I want want you to retain this information.

So you can take it further right. In the future right. Now um the most powerful words any human being can hear at any given moment are the words that just came out of their mouth no. It's not their name believe it or not it's not their name because you can actually overuse somebody's name you can't overuse this okay.

That printers got it he nailed it or they nailed it right. On the the technique is called the echo technique. So write this down. Echo technique how to get maximum attention in minimum time it is by far the most powerful way to communicate with human beings you don't even have to believe it'll work if you just use it people will just start talking and talking and talking and talking and you can take that information pull out the parts that you need feed it back to them within the echo technique and they will just.

C they will connect with you in ways that are beyond what you can expect now you don't have to believe any of this to do it okay. You just got to actually have the hood. SP to do it okay. By the way for those of you who are asking questions um.

I do see the questions. But if the questions aren't directly relevant or they're going to pull us off topic. Then. I reserve the right.

To answer them in the comment section of the. YouTube video or wherever this replay is going to be posted. So. I'm not ignoring you.

But. I am trying to stay focused because. I have a huge amount of information and a short time to deliver it okay. The moment you change a person's body feelings right.

The moment you change a person's body feelings their perceptual filters the processes they use to sort and create priority in their life shift and change okay. So um um see if. I can give you an example how many people here have ever bought a car just show if you've ever bought a car uh go ahead and type that just type me or me in the chat okay. Okay.

Or how many people have ever played the game uh slug bug or punch buggy if you know that game go ahead and type that in the chat okay. So for those of you who don't know uh what slug bug punch buggy or have never bought a car is let me just preface this my wife is like the ultimate research fanatic like if she's going to buy something she will research every uh customer uh service site you everything that you can on thing. So you've ever gone to to buy a car or something you really really interested in right. I use a car as an example because it's something that is ties into the punch buggy example right.

Um. So when you're a kid right. And you're playing slug bug or punch buggy what is that it's a it's a game it's a visual game you're driving in the back seat you're riding in the back seat with your best friend or your sister or your brother or whatever and and and they're looking out the window and every time they see a. Volkswagen.

Beetle they're they they shout punch buggy or slug bug and they get to give you a charlie horse or punch in the arm or whatever and. So by the time you get home you're limping out of the car because you're all black and blue from uh from getting slugged because you didn't see the punch buggy and your friend did. But all of a sudden when you get out of the car and you're done playing the game everywhere you look. You see.

Volkswagen rabbits or bugs right. Volkswagen. Beetles right. Or if you've got to buy a car and you've done all the research you've gone from this lot to this lot to this lot and.

Finally you've done all your due diligence you've you you trust the dealership that you're getting this uh merchandise from right. And you signed the technique you plumped your credit card down and and you know put the down payment on it or whatever it is you're going to do right. You get in your car you're driving home right. Be bopping around happy is to clam in your new wheels or at least new for you right.

That's my ball. I never buy brand new right. But you look. Out the side mirror you look.

Out the other side mirror you looked out the rearview mirror right. In front of you and every mofo on the planet bought the same car on the same day how many of you ever had that experience where all of a sudden you see the car you just bought everywhere right. Welcome to the emotion what we call the emotional refractory period or the magic of the reticular activating system right. It's a part of your brain that decides what's important in your in your field of awareness and that is directly affected by how you prime it one of the most powerful ways to prime your reticular activating system is through intense body feelings okay.

Or visual representation that's why in in people who are learning. Law of. Attraction uh and manifestation they have you do these. VIs boards everywhere right.

My good friend. Chase when he's helping people get over limiting beliefs he'll actually have you put a a picture on the wall like if you're trying to lose weight you have this picture of a guy or a girl who's super buff and written across it is the terms. I can't lose weight right. And the and the the cognitive dissonance of that combined with the the stimulation of your reticular activating system actually caused you to neutralized limiting beliefs right.

So yeah emotions revealed is a great book. By. Dr. Paul epman he has probably one of the best scientific.

But applicable understandings of the reticular activating system he calls it the emotional refractory period. Scotty needs and wants are something we're going to get to and when you use the echo technique properly you're going to indirectly stimulate their needs and wants okay. That's a that's a that's a that's a layer we can only go into in the live trainings. But it's it actually starts the moment you start using the echo technique.

So it's a great it's a great question. Scott um and. But and you're already doing it like everything. I'm going to teach you when you realize all the things that this one technique does you'll understand why.

I always teach it. First and why. I keep coming back to it because if you truly understand and master the echo technique you don't need a lot of other things right. Because it accomplishes.

So much. So quickly some people asked about the name the problem with the name is that you can overuse a person's name if you say a person's name you're going to get the attention. But if you overuse it now it flags and we don't want to be flagged as doing something weird right. Almost makes you sound a little bit on the.

Spectrum if you're constantly using somebody's name over and over and over again. But the echo technique will have a a very very profound effect right. I'm going to give you the explanation of that. But what is the echo technique in a very blatant ter it's very simple whatever words the person just spoke to you when you respond to them you use those exact words as close to the order and sequence as they came out of their mouth as humanly possible.

I'll say it two more times when somebody speaks to you you use as many of their words in your response as close to the order and sequence that they used as possible one more time you write this down in a way that makes sense to you whenever somebody speaks to you you use as many of their words in the exact order and sequence as possible in your response okay. So there have been many times times in my life um when. I when. I've had to use this technique over the phone.

So uh. I showed you at the beginning of tonight's webinar that um for many years. I was a professional martial artist and. I may go back into martial arts again.

I haven't made a full decision yet whether to come out of retirement that's any kind of thing. But. I would get calls like this ring ring good afternoon. Coral.

Springs martial arts academy this is. David how can. I help you oh hey. David um.

I saw your sign and my name is. Brenda and. I'm. I'm interested in karate lessons for my 10-year-old son.

Josh oh hey. Brenda. So you saw our sign and you're interested in uh in karate lessons for your 10-year-old son. Josh yeah yeah yeah can you help me absolutely.

I can help you tell me more about. Josh and what it is you're looking to to get from uh from. Karate lessons for your son. Josh well.

David. I'll be honest with you um. Josh is a really really great kid he's 10 years old and he's really smart in fact he's. So smart that his teachers decided to move him up a grade and he's he's a kind of a small kid to begin with and.

I'm afraid that uh when he gets around all these other kids that he's going to get picked on and bullied and plus he's in a higher grade. So. I was hoping that um martial arts could help him you know do better in school oh. I see.

So. Josh is a great kid. But he's a little small for his age. So.

But and he's smart. So smart in fact that his teach teachers actually moved him up a grade and because he's going to be around all those older kids you're worried that the the kids might pick on him and you heard that martial arts was a good way to help people better do better in school and you want to see if that can if that can help him yeah. David can can you help me absolutely. Bernice look.

When. Josh comes in we're gonna teach him some of the most effective and simple self-defense techniques on the planet things that will allow him to protect himself against bigger kids trying to pick on him. But one of the best things about martial arts for is that it develops intense. Focus intense concentration and a true sense of confidence in people.

So that they can move through the world and do better in school because they're focused they can concentrate they're disciplined and most importantly they're confident in their abilities to to do to do things and to take care of those potential bullies and things of that nature. So here's the thing. Bernice we have two programs that might be a great fit for. Josh.

I need you to tell me which one you feel would be the best fit we have a a two private one group class introductory package that comes with a free t-shirt uh and. I also have uh two group classes and one private class package available which also comes with a free t-shirt uh. I have an appointment today at 5:30 and tomorrow at 6:15 which would be easier for you well. David um.

I think maybe the two private class class in the one group class uh would be a great place to start uh can we can we come tomorrow uh because. Then he can have he can have his dinner he can do his homework and uh and he'll just his head will be clear for the class and he'll get you know maybe you know it'll help him make a decision as to how far he wants to go excellent. So you enj. So he has uh you want him to have his dinner and his homework done tomorrow at 6:15 and we.

I'm going to go ahead and put your information down and uh we'll send you a confirmation email and uh we'll see you you and. Josh tomorrow at 6:15 thank you. So much. David.

I'm really excited for this great you have a great day until. Josh. I said hi can't wait to meet him take care click okay. Makita says.

I definitely would feel like. I'm being listened to yes. And that is exactly why you do this right. Um you'd be amazed what what what a free t-shirt will do regardless of the size of the package okay.

Um again that's a marketing thing we'll talk about that um on the other side of. NLP. Ultra. Next month or in.

May rather all right. So what did you guys notice real quick type in the chat what did you notice about that um that interaction as a as a fly on the wall how did that make you feel go ahead and type it in the chat. So. Allan says easy technique to keep a conversation flowing uh.

Mada says. I. Bal you bonded to their needs 100% you use their own words. Scotty says making them feel at ease echoing.

Cynthia says right. Aligning on the want not just the product. Logistics of what you're selling connected ter motions very good you guys are getting this you guys are sharp. I like that right.

I know some of you have seen this before. So. Jeffrey. Holland says on the phone call you can summarize that repeating the words was not was taking notes in person.

I'd have hard time with that again this is one of the reason one of the reason. I'll give you a little secret one of the reasons that we force all incoming students to learn the echo technique verbatim and use it verbatim is because it changes your brain when you learn how to use the echo technique effectively your show your your. RAM think about it like a computer you have short-term memory and you have long-term memory what if. I could just keep adding more and more.

RAM to your computer right. More more short-term memory right. That's what using the echo technique for days and weeks and months constantly over time does you'll start to be able to remember longer and longer and longer streams of information verbatim or as close to verbatim as as possible to get okay. Which makes any other type of linguis.

IC analysis elicitation or um camouflage because we actually teach you how to use the echo technique and and people won't even realize how to camouflage it like there's levels to it right. But the reason we teach this to beginners and it actually seems harder at. First is because if you do it verbatim it's impossible to screw up if you do it verbatim it's impossible to miss something right. Because in the words that the person speaks are secret pockets of emotion that link directly to their needs and desires direct connections right.

And if you and if you're only cherry-picking the words that you use without the ability to to pull out the words that are important you're going to miss the the the radioactive nuggets. But if you just use everything it's impossible for you to miss what's important if you understand what. I just said in your own words type that in your chat. So.

I know you've got it oh wait oh [ __ ] he's making us do work damn it. I thought. I was just gonna sit here and just veg out for 90 minutes or two hours no. Sorry you came to learn.

You're. Gonna. Learn you learn by doing admin says got it right. NLP.

Mia okay. Um anybody else you guys are typing away right. Jeffrey says use the technique for btim when just beginning to make it impossible to screw up there you go. Dade says.

I. I understand yes. Scotty says it's important not to miss the important stuff absolutely now what'll happen the longer you use the echo technique as your brain evolves and changes you'll start to notice subtler and subtler nuances in the way they speak their words and all of a sudden this this one little turn of phrase will just pop out at you and you'll know instinctively that's the word and you just overuse that word okay. So again the idea here is.

I'm not here to make you a. PhD which stands for piled higher and deeper in. Persuasion. I'm here to make you an operator.

I'm here to make you an agent who can go out into any situation and. Circumstance and even if you not aware of all the cool. Neuroscience behind a technique that makes it work you can do that technique and get your result you have your whole life to learn the neuroscience and the biochemical processes and the struct the parts of the brain your stimul you have your whole life to do that what you don't have is the time to get good. So.

I'm going to make you good. First. So you can get your outcome and. Then if you want to learn why what you do works.

Then you can come back and and learn all the academic and and scientific sciency stuff all right. Aisha says when you speak someone's language you have built a rapport right. There yes. Okay.

All right. So let's go through the didactic part of this really quick. I'm gonna go as fast as. I can.

But hopefully you it's it's. Landing enough for you because. I want to have another drill. I want us to do before we get into part two okay.

Let me move this up a little bit all right. Now here's one of the reasons why we want to use the echo technique. First and foremost it is the most powerful way to communicate with another human being if. God could design the exact biological neurological psychological and spiritual way for one human being to communicate with another it would be called the echo technique okay.

Right. When you use the echo technique it literally forces a person's neurology to pay attention to you to the exclusion of all else write this down attention is the currency of relationships okay. Attention is the currency of relationships it forces them to focus exclusively on you increased. Focus leads to increased increased suggestibility in other words they become more open you guys follow me.

So far ability sorry okay. The. Next this is. I'm going to jump down to this this highlighted one here when you use the echo technique it primes your target to keep talking and to voluntarily give you more and more information about themselves at the same time remember part of the job of being an influencer is to be a profiler it's the ability to read your subject to read your t.

Target. So you know exactly what buttons to press in an ethical and honest way. Richard says it works if your girlfriend has a. PHD absolutely the more academic they are oh my.

God they're suckers for this in a good way right. Now why does this why does this prime your target to keep talking well and it eliminates the problem of making small talk and eliminate foreign conversations why does it do that it does that because it sends very powerful signals of sameness to. The. Listener right.

When a person gets their very own words reflected back to them what's interesting is that the moment those words come back they feel heard they feel understood they feel like oh wow this person understands what. I'm trying to communicate this person gets me right. That creates a. Feeling in that person known as validation a feeling of being accepted approved of and um it allows them to feel safe and because you're talking to them about their most favorite topic themselves they bond to you they experience an intense pleasure and connection when they they communicate with you now you'll remember at the beginning of the webinar.

I said there are four elements of irresistible hypnotic influence. Authority attractivity affinity and acquiescence. Affinity is triggered by sameness and validation when. I feel safe accepted oh this person is like me you want to open up and share with them and people move through the world desperate for that feeling that's why all the social media it's the do mean rush for sure.

But what are they actually looking to get from all that social media interaction attention and validation approval and when a person gets that they connect completely and they don't want to let go right. You follow me. So you're. Mo.

So there's another level of suggestibility called openness and con connection there's two different ones you're going to lever those up at the same time same technique now same technique is going to generate. Focus it's going to generate connection it's going to generate openness. But it's going to do something else that only my friend. Chase talks about and that is novelty and what does that mean nobody with very few exceptions in that person's entire life has ever communicated to them in a way that made them feel the way you're now making them feel let me say that two more times with very few exceptions nobody has ever communicated to your subject the way that you're communicating with them and making them feel the good feelings that they're feeling that is a novel or a new experience and.

Novelty will leverage up all the suggestibility levers as well okay. You do you see why this one and. I haven't even covered the. NLP side of it yet right.

You're the moment you start using that. Echo technique suggestibility goes up connection goes up openness goes up uh focus goes up and they will they will completely pay attention to you and nobody else because attention is the currency of relationships and it primes them to continue talking they're going to continue to give you more and more information that you can news you'll do 80 they'll do 80 90% of the talking come away from that experience and think man that was the most fascinating person. I've ever talked to and you did you said virtually nothing original if you say something wrong if you just go back to echoing what they said they'll forget the wrong thing that you said you guys you guys see how this one technique changes the game tell me what tell me tell me your takeaway from this right. What what's your big takeaway in a very short one or two sentence paragraph what's the takeaway here it is simple it it this is.

So and here's the thing it is. So simple and yet. So powerful it should be illegal. But it's also completely ethical and honest right.

Again don't believe me because. I told you. So believe it because you've used it in. Pro how many people here by a show of hands in either chat how many of you have used this.

Echo technique out in the world type in your type me and. Then what you experience just type that in. So people can see. Aram says.

I agree and. I've seen this and tested this myself what if someone doesn't want to open up that easily great question what if someone doesn't want to open up that easily you give them you reflect back to them whatever they said and. Then decide if the person's worth investing in okay. You just when you when when when someone is refusing to connect what's happened in many cases is you've triggered defensiveness in them they have a higher level of defensiveness they're they're going to take longer that ice is going to take longer to thaw you just need to slow down use whatever words and gestures that they give you and just be more patient okay.

Now here's the downside to using the echo. Tech well here's the upside to the echo technique um it's going to make them like love and trust you they will feel heard understood it's going to raise your validation in their their level of validation feelings which are linked to you it's going to raise your status and. Authority in their eyes. It's going to match every internal filter that they have for figuring out what's right.

And desirable in their world now here's the downside it's going to make you feel listen your listener heard and understood it's going to raise their validation level your social status in their eyes. And they're going to hang on your every word what why is that a down bad side because if you use this on the wrong person in other words you didn't profile them well or you use it in a way that's disrespectful to the environment in other words you're at a diner or restaurant and it's crowded and it's full of people right. And you start echoing your server and all of a sudden they start bringing you free desserts they start spending more and more time at your table and all of their other uh customers are being ignored why because they like you better don't believe me talk to the people who've used this this [ __ ] happens all the time. So it's a it's a it's a high quality problem.

But you have to remember what you're learning is super powerful yes. It's simple it's very easy to do if you're willing to do it. But it's super powerful and if you if you don't use it with if you don't respect the ramifications of what you're using you might cause somebody to get in trouble who you just wanted to like you more right. Jeffrey says servers are a great way to practice it yes.

Absolutely um and. I recommend that you do that hey your job now is to move through the world making everyone you meet just feel ridiculously good heard and understood just because they encountered you as you get better and better at these materials when you graduate from killer influence or an. NLP. Ultra you'll be able to move through the world and just fix people give them a better day and they'll never know you did anything right.

Um. Shane says. I always call this the [ __ ] technique right. I don't know why he calls it the [ __ ] technique maybe because it makes you a great [ __ ].

But um yeah. Richard says. I used it in 2024 right. I still.

I look. I've been using this. God. I think.

I've been. I've actually been using it longer than. I haven't been using it like. I'm gonna be 58 in a couple weeks right.

Um and. I think. I've been using it longer than. I haven't.

I think. I've actually passed that. Milestone uh. Scotty says.

I'm sure. I've used it without knowing it. Matthew says. I did you get a lot of yeses or exactly.

MTI says um. I got a free cookie. Bruce says. I did it and it worked.

Benjamin. L says can someone remind me of those. Four. A's.

AC. Authority attractivity a. Affinity acquiescence. AA says happy birthday in advance thank you all right.

So. Echo technique. First of all control your state get. Rapport use your language manage the state of the subject um jump into their process bond to their emotions here's the best part the echo technique if you just use it the way.

I'm teaching it to you on this webinar if you just use it the way. I've taught you you will automatically get. Rapport you will automatically be using the language techniques you will automatically be managing the state of the subject you will automatically be jumping into their processes and you will automatically be stimulating their emotional needs and repeat that one more time if you just use the echo technique you will automatically be building. Rapport you will automatically be using the most effective language possible for them you will be managing their state because you're going to be moving the suggestibility levers to the right.

Remember. Focus openness connection novelty suggestibility right. And you will be linking and stimulating their own emotional needs okay. Close.

Your. Eyes. For a. Moment by by way.

I'm when. I say close your eyes. Don't. Close.

Your. Eyes. Unless if you're driving or operating heavy equipment or something like that. But close your.

But stop for a moment and imagine that you met someone right. Someone who when they spoke to you you instantly felt like they understood you like they saw your heart they knew your heart and when you spoke and when they when you spoke to them and they spoke back to you you feel like this person really gets me this person understands me and knows me better than anybody else that's like it's and and approves of me right. This person believes in what. I'm saying.

I want to tell them more and you feel that that that connection right. If you had someone who made you feel that way every time you looked at them or talked to them or heard their voice whether it was in your head or through a video or an email or whatever you heard their voice and they gave you those feelings let me ask you a question what would you not do to spend as much time with them as humanly possible think about it for a imagine that for a moment with me right. What was that what's that like what would you do for this person what would you do to spend more time with this person really think. Scotty says nothing.

Aisha says. I would do everything exactly how would your life change if you could become this person what if you were that person and you could make everyone you meet feel that way that's where you're going that's the kind of person you are on the path to becoming and all you have to do is start applying the formula know your outcome control your state get. Rapport use your language manage the state of the subject link to their process bond to their emotions one technique does all five the echo technique the one you just learned. So your game for the.

Next week the two weeks until. I see you again is to go out into the world and use this technique everywhere on everybody for every reason possible and notice what happens now here's a secret to making this unbeatable. So write this down all you have to do to make this the most ethical honorable and loving communication tool on the planet is just be curious and ethical and and and authentic. So let me explain that every now and.

Then you're well let me just tell you how to start this is how. I want you to be now. I want you to move through the world understanding that the echo technique on a neurological energetic emotional values level is the most desirable way for one the most pleasurable way for one human being to communicate with another human being okay. Understand that when you use the echo technique you are actually giving them the secret feelings and experiences they've been looking for in every interaction and if you if you understand that and you're moving through the world intentionally doing two things a wanting to understand the person you're talking to as powerfully as quickly and as deeply as humanly possible and giving them the experience of being fully heard and understood and approved of and validated if you're coming from that that that authentic place inside of you and you're using it that way it will amplify everything you're doing.

But here's the most important part every now and. Then somebody who has like an extra layer of defensiveness or an extra layer of. Suspicion or sensory acuity or maybe they're trained by me or something like that they're going to catch that you're using their exact words okay. And they're going to call you on it all you have to do is look.

At them and in a sincere way convey to them hey look. I'm doing this because. I know it's the most powerful and effective way for one human being to communicate with another human being and. I just want you to realize that.

I'm doing that. So. I can understand you better is that okay. Now any rational human being on the planet will say yes.

That is fine okay. It only becomes a trick or a tactic or a manipulation if if somebody calls you on it you stop doing it because now the moment you stop doing it you've bought into their frame that this is somehow some kind of a trick that you're pulling. I don't want this to be a trick that you pull. I want this to be your standard operating procedure for dealing with humans period if you adopt this and the rest of the system if you adopt this as your way of dealing with humans going forward building all of your.

Communications off this skeleton. Then everyone you meet will just like you okay. They will they will feel a connection to you and they won't always know why and it's impossible to get caught not because they won't hear their words because you're not doing anything unethical you're not doing anything tricky or sneaky you're giving somebody the exact things they need to feel fulfilled by interacting with you and human beings especially after the covid lockdown um. Makita it works powerfully well in any form of linguistic communication.

Makita is asking uh. I'd love to know if it works in emails 100% it works in email it works in chat it works in. Zoom it works over the phone it works any place that human language is passing back and forth okay. This is a multimedia phenomenon okay.

Now this process or or analog this process is analogous to it have been validated by. Chris. Voss they've been validated obviously by. NLP they've been validated by.

Stanford research they've been validated um uh by uh the therapy the therapist the. Therapeutic. Community. David.

Grove uh in clean language okay. Uh there is no. Webinar. U well there will be a webinar.

I think in a couple of weeks uh and there'll be an email for that. Aisha okay. Uh. But you probably want to come to the training all right.

So. I'm curious just. So. I understand you better um what if they're um what are your what's your big takeaway what's what's what are the top two or three things that you've gotten from the class.

So far. I'm curious just type it in the chat if you make someone feel heard they'll love you. Yes. Actually more often than not uh.

Echo technique and how it relates to and help. Echo technique. Ras and priming very good okay. Anybody else all right.

For our. Next tactic. Echo is the king if all you learned was the echo technique today. I've just leveled you up.

I've just put you ahead of the competition by a lot taking advantage of the emotional experience very good good filling that empty hole in humans that they always needed excellent you guys are good very nice well done. I like that all right. So this. Next this.

Next drill is going to be very experiential and. Then we're going to go into phase two we're going to show you how to level up how to connect to their needs yes. Attention is the currency of relationships connectivity very good um vain pageantry just arrived have. I been listening to for years could.

I ask question you can ask a question. I can't promise to answer it simply because we've got a we've got a track to be on okay. Very good um all right. What if we could take whatever we offer to somebody in other words ourself a product a service and speak to somebody in such a way that they would literally be salivating to take action with us what what would your life be like if people would just ask you to buy your product or service or beg you to to to go out to dinner with them or uh get excited about doing their homework or taking out the trash and things of that nature what could you do with the ability to emotionally bond to somebody and get them excited about that emotional attractiveness for basically anything.

Makita says yes. That's about as close as it gets okay. Without overtly brainwashing somebody what you're about to learn is probably the single besides the echo technique the single most powerful transformation and motivation technique that. I've ever come across and.

I've tried to find. I have tried to find a technique that's more powerful than this and it just isn't out. I haven't found it yet okay. Now there are ways to make this technique more powerful.

But in terms of its sharability to move all the needles this is the single biggest one. So this is called the emotional bonding checklist the emotional bonding checklist okay. There's two versions of this there's one that you use with other people and there's one that you use with yourself okay. We're going to do the one that you do with yourself.

So you can become fully motivated inspired and take the. Next step in your life would that be okay. Is it okay. To learn that how to do that yes.

Or yes. Okay. So let me go ahead. I'm going to share my screen here.

So here's the secret the emotional bonding checklist uses a variation of the echo technique okay. In other words it involves me asking a couple of questions paying attention to the response that. I get and. Then using those words and linking them to what.

I want them to offer. So if you go back and you watch the replay and you listen. I don't know if. I did it with this one.

But earlier iterations of my webinars when. I ask you'll hear me ask. Bernice if you go back to the echo technique demo. I say what's important to you about karate lessons for your 10-year-old son.

Josh the magic question is what's important about fill in the blank what's important about fill in the blank okay. So write that down put it off to the side for now we're going to go. I'm going to give you the nomenclature and. Then we're going to do the drill and.

Then we're going to move into phase two is that okay. Can we do that. So you're going to want to write this down okay. All right.

So let me share my screen all right. How to emotionally. Bond your subject to you your product your service or anything else you want them to do okay. If you apply this properly people will automatically want to do whatever you want them to do for their own reasons this is the best part and this is something you need to understand if you want to get everything that you want in life the fastest ethical and most honest way to do it is to show people how to get everything they want in their life by doing what you want them to do okay.

Now again we'll learn more about this in. NLP. Ultra and killer influence. But one of the things that we we.

I want to tell you about is that when we start talking about criteria when we talk about criteria and values what we're really talking about are emotional needs okay. If you're talking to some like in a dating or attraction context and you're eliciting somebody's values for the perfect partner or the per the the best. First date or whatever and they tell you the kind of person that they're naturally attracted to right. There's going to be emotions connected to the words that they use we call that criteria and values you have to embody the value in other words if somebody says for example if you're talking to a um someone you find a attractive and they say well.

I want somebody who's you know who's you know athletic and adventurous and likes to try new things right. So they've given you adventurous athletic likes to try new things that's your. Echo technique right. There right.

Boom. So when you think about. I'm curious about something you know um adventurous athletic that mean different things to different people right. So just.

So. I understand you better right. How do you know when someone's adventurous oh well they they go to new places and they try different things and they they do things that are exciting and fun okay. So they do things that are exciting and fun.

I'm curious what's important about people who like to do exciting things that are exciting and fun well you know life's never dull it's always fun it's always a new challenge a new adventure oh okay. So as you go as as. So when we're going out as long as you feel challenged and and we're having fun and feeling. Adventure that's going to be cool for you right.

Excellent right. So what did. I just do there. I.

I. I said what do you find attractive they said adventurous athletic um what was the. Last one fun oh no. It wasn't fun it was um trying.

I know. But. So. I started with my echo technique.

But. Then remember sometimes we think we know what those words mean. But we don't we don't know what it means to that person. So we have to mind how do you know when someone's adventurous oh they go to places they try new things right.

So they've just given me words to. Echo. But now. I know what's gonna excite them right.

So. I say you know well when we go out we're gonna every time we go out we're. GNA go new places we're going to try different things it's going to be one. Adventure after the other.

I love going on adventures there was this one time at bandan did you now again some of this you'll catch some of it you won't. I used their words. I linked what. I was going to do to those words and.

Then. I started to launch into a story about an adventure that. I had did you see the formula. Echo criteria values story right.

Again come to the training in a couple months and. I'll teach you all the nuances of this. Benjamin caught the. American.

Pie reference very good right. So. I'm going to give you today a skeletal framework a very simple formula that you follow that you're going to experience and apply to yourself and feel it and act on it. Then.

I want you to take this out into the world and use it with as many different people as you can and if you do it the way. I'm teaching you you'll make more money you'll have more clients you will have less sales objections you will find the exact hot buttons people need to want to do the things you want them to do and your your need to uh and your need to uh have to argue with people is just going to go right. Out the window um. I see we have a a fan of.

Gary kimman in the list there. Gary's crazy. I like him um um actually. Mada this will absolutely help with your active listening.

However. I would. I would. I would recommend that you test this and prove it to yourself one way or the other alternate between.

Echo technique and values elicitation or emotional bonding and active listening and emotional bonding and notice which one's more effective on the clients the more you try to parap this is for her or. Makita specifically the more you try to paraphrase or replace another another person's words the more barriers you set up to connection if this goes off topic how do how do you get on the training um. Mia would you post the the early bird signup link for people. So people want to get in on that they can do that all right.

Um. So are you guys ready for this drill okay. So here we go. I'm going to share my screen okay.

So the. First thing. I want you to do all right. Let me actually.

I'm gonna. I'm. G have to change the screen again hold on real quick all right. Get out a piece of paper and a pen and when you've done that type ready in the chat don't worry.

I'll wait it's okay. All right. On the top of your page. I want fact let's just do this together screw this let's just do this together okay.

Let me start a new page here on the top of your sheet emotional. B emotional motivation checklist on the top of your sheet. I want you to write what do. I want as a byproduct or or what do.

I want to take away from this training and. I want you to write the answer in now here's a secret to this pay attention to what your use the pay attention to the exact words your mind uses okay. So you might say what do. I want from today's webinar.

I want to be able to connect with people more fully right. So this is your answer. I'm going to holl the answer right. So what do.

I want to get from this training. Then you're. G to ask what's important about connecting others no. Or connecting with people sorry let me change that notice what.

I did here besides doubling up on about. I used the exact words what's more what's important about connecting with people more fully and you your your spontaneous answer might be. I feel safe we validated accepted right. Could be any of these words whatever they are.

I want you to write them down right. Again. I'm just this is an example whatever your selfish desire is from this webinar. I want you to use that to answer this question up here and.

Then. I want you to ask yourself what's important about that what's important about that right. Once you have that you say okay. If you were to feel or if.

I were to feel whatever what's important to me about that and answer that question. So maybe what's important to me about feeling safe well. Then. I can relax and be happy right.

But what if what what if uh. I want what. I want to get from this training is uh what if my answer is. I want to make a lot of money that's fine what's important to me about making a lot of money right.

And. Then and it might. Freedom you know freedom to do the things. I want to do right.

And. Then. I might say what's important about the freedom do the things. I want to do and write that answer verbatim.

So if you've done this right. You should have at least three answers to the what's important about question when you've done that and you're ready to proceed type done and ready in the chat and. I'm going to give you a little template here okay. So you should have cool.

So you should have at least asked yourself this question three or four times and you should have those answers in front of you here's the. Next part. I'm going to jump out of my screen for this. Next part and.

Then. I'll come back and let you guys do a screen capture in part three. So the. Next thing.

I want you to do is. I want you to take that sheet of paper. I want you to stand up. I want you to stand up.

I want you to hold that paper up at about a 45 degree angle and. I want you to read the answers verbatim to those the the answers to those four questions verbatim out loud five times before you do scan your body notice how your body feels notice how your emotions feel and now after you read these out loud scan your body once again and notice what's changed and tell me what you discover go ahead and do that now when you're done type done in the chat. Aisha says. Ready.

Julian says all done. I know. I'm making you guys work today done. Cynthia says good.

Anthony says ready all right. What happened when you read just the answers to the what's important about question out loud what happened in your mind in your body more emotional uh more emotional than anticipated very good. Aisha says felt good. I validated myself felt like.

I have what. I need very good now what if you could have what if you could give this a kind of an experience to every single person you felt like. I'm manifesting you are it changed for sure right. What if you could give this experience or even more powerful experience to everyone you interact with what if you could have all of your patients family members clients subjects feeling like this about you or your product or your service they would love me forever you think okay.

So are you guys ready to get the whole enchilada are you guys ready to to level up and move forward because as you apply those feelings to what. I'm about to share with you. Next. I want you to realize that this is the path you're looking for to have all that and more if you're ready go ahead and type that in the chat okay.

Excellent. So. I'd like to present to you with your permission the secrets of human influence. Ultra persuasion.

Mastery home study course this is a special multi- package program that. I've put together to help you level up to help you move forward and to build on the powerful techniques that. I've shared with you. So far uh and it's the full that's the whole course.

I've given you bits and pieces of the system and you can see what those pieces can do what happens when you add it together in a way that multiplies everything right. So. Anthony says affiliate marketing with. William.

I felt more confident 100%. Anthony says ready right. Fire absolutely remember this is the worst you'll ever be at it this is only going to get stronger the more you do this and follow this training right. So this is all about helping you take your life to the.

Next level it's about making more money closing more deals getting more dates helping more people feeling more confident powerful credible in other words it's about wielding power in your life life in a way that people actually love you for it it's about owning your own life right. And taking it to the. Next level if life were a game it' be all about how do you win how do you get the edge in an ethical honest way that when you look. In the mirror you feel tremendously good about the choice you've made to go for this training right.

It's about becoming more. Charming charismatic and irresistible it's just how things work right. So here's what. I put together for you now this offer is only good today.

April 10th 2024 you'll understand why as. I continue to go forward um if people already know they want to do this um you can ask nicely and may meet moner. Mia will put the uh the link in the chat. But um.

I recommend that you grab this early and grab this now um and here's what you're going to be getting we're going to start with the secrets of human influence home study package this is a version of our killer influence training it's 17 videos that includes and gives you a deep dive into the. Ste. St stage. Universal persuasion protocol the.

CPI and killer influence model the number one. NLP training process in the world is going to be the very. First thing that you learn and. Then it's just going to get more powerful we're going to teach you specifically how to think like a master of influence remember there's two different ways to communicate there's ways to communicate with people that allow you to convey information and there's ways to communicate with people that cause things to happen we're going to show you the difference between those.

So that you get to choose which kind of a person you need to be at any given moment it's a $297 value. Then we're going to teach you how to control your own psychoemotional. State at will on demand any time any place. So nobody can push your emotional buttons without your permission for very long ever again some of you were talking earlier you mentioned.

Jedi skills this is the. Jedi module it's module two of the. First day of your training okay. And this is where we teach you how to tap into the power of your own mind body and breath.

So that you can enter any emotional state whether it's confidence connection love flirtatiousness uh garity hilarity sadness whatever you can go into it at will you can come out of it at will you can move seamlessly from any emotional state to any other emotional state and the best part is you can modulate that state like you had it on a dimmer switch you can turn the energy up you can turn the energy down and. Then you can connect to other people's nervous systems using our power report skill training and take those emotions and stimulate their nervous system to change their emotional refractory period. So that they become more open to your influence they start seeing the. World.

Through. The. Eyes. You want them to see the world through.

So that they become more naturally predisposed to doing what you want them to do in other words you will have the ability with the. Power report training to connect verbally non-verbally consciously and unconsciously with anyone any time anywhere under any circumstance for any reason and control that connection okay. It's a $297 value. But when you think about it in the context of your life it's way more valuable than that right.

Next we're going to teach you the most powerful irresistible hypnotic language patterns that exist patterns that allow you to control a person's awareness what they pay attention to and what they ignore that allow you to make anything you want cause anything you want in the mind of your subject or subjects anybody reading your texts anybody listening to your voice anybody watching you on video any place that human language is involved these patterns will work on any human being with a pulse and a heartbeat okay. So we'll start with the echo technique and. Then we'll teach you about how to manage awareness will teach you how to manage cause and effect in the minds of the subject in a way that it becomes absolutely irrefutable for most people to resist okay. Um we'll teach you how to make anything you want mean anything you want in the minds of your subject.

So that people automatically assign the meanings to things that you want them to have not that they arbitrarily assign and they'll think it was their idea we'll teach you how to make the movies a person runs in their own mind and body exactly perfectly completely what you want and desire with absolutely zero chance of a mistake or a misinterpretation right. That's just five of the patterns that you'll be learning okay. There's three or four more that will make you absolutely. Unstoppable okay.

We're going to teach you in a very deep and. Powerful experiential way how to manage the emotional states of others. So that you can take anybody from wherever emotional state they're at and move them to any other state you want in just minutes it's a $297 value. But.

I think you can see what we can do with that we're going to teach you how to hijack or jump into somebody's own internal. Behavior code now what is does this mean it means that whenever your body or your mind or your brain specifically is about to engage in a particular. Behavior there are certain parts of your brain that activate in a specific order and sequence and that order and sequence comes out and is hidden in a in the way a person speaks you'll learn how to find that secret code and use it to influence people at an amplified level it's a force multiplier people will tend to automatically do what you want them to do because it just feels like the right. Thing for them to do it's a $297 value add to that now the ability to reach in and grab a person's emotional needs and weld them powerfully.

Bond them powerfully to everything you want to do or want them to do. So that they ask you to go to the. Next level with you okay. They'll ask you to buy the package they'll ask you to join the training they'll ask you to go out on a date right.

Um they'll just they'll just because they'll want to do it for themselves right. Just like you want to do things for your own reasons they will too you'll also get a 240 plus page manual called the killer influence mind control. Manifesto and this has extra training training on how to manipulate and manage spatial relationships where to sit at a conference meeting. So that you have the most.

Authority how to make people feel absolutely connected to you like you and trust you just by how you stand in relation to their dominant or non-dominant sides how to use your environment to. Prime people to be more open and emotionally warm to you or if you need to how to subvert the influence of your enemies. So that when they try to argue or fight you in any way they're coming from a psychologically and emotionally weakened position. So that you can.

Triumph and win every single time and you can do it in an ethical honest way that's the best part we'll talk about the online community in just a few moments total value on this package is $2,497. But we're not going to stop there because. I want you to have the best training humanly possible. I want you to take this all the way to its limit okay.

Anthony says continuous access to the 17 yes. They're yours to keep forever you can download them or stream them right. From the website okay. So you can just click that link if you want to get one of the early birds.

But we're also going to include if you click that link right. Now okay. This is not a commercial this is phase two of our webinar and there is a phase three after this. Jay okay.

This is for people who want to take it to the. Next level. I'm getting it out of the way. So that people can make that decision to go forward and.

Then we're going to come back and we're going to customize the rest of the training to your specific needs and wants that's what we said at the beginning of the webinar that's the promise we made that's the promise we're going to keep okay. So for those of you oops who are want to take this even further who maybe aspire to do the things. I'm doing someday right. At the level that.

I'm doing them these are probably going to be some of the most important special bonuses that you come across today okay. The. First is called. Weapons of.

Mass instruction now earlier. I taught you that the single most powerful technique to influence any particular human being is the the emotional bonding checklist and that's true. But there will be times when you can't when you when you need to influence and motivate people as a large group and that's where this comes in this is called. Weapons of.

Mass instruction scientific and sedu. Ive storytelling. Secrets this program is based entirely upon the. Neuroscience of stories and how it affects the.

Neurology of the human brain and the influence of narrative persuasion the most powerful cross contextual crosscultural uh influence technique that we have is stories stories and metaphors okay. This course will pull back the curtain on exactly why story. Works how it works how you can use it and how you can literally use this to work to to to talk to people who have diametrically opposed ideologies or viewpoints and have them become more and more sympathetic to your perspective your position all right. There's a little let me give you a little bit of backstory.

I'm gonna come out of if it's okay. I'm going to come out of my my. PowerPoint for a moment just to share this with you okay. Um for many many years.

I had heard from many many teachers that storytelling and metaphor was the most powerful influence tool that exists if you studied any of. Milton. Ericson's work. Then uh you'll hear that.

But every time. I went to a storytelling. Workshop all. I got was the same tired stuff.

I either got confusing stories about tomato plants and how they can have feelings or. I got a version of the hero's journey and. I was like this. I don't see how this works.

I don't see how um this is useful right. And. So. I and.

I realized after going through like five or six courses on various forms of. Storytelling all teaching in some way the same stuff that was just not user friendly. I realized something that has been a truism in my life that if. I wanted something that was immediately useful and that.

I could take into any situation or circumstance. I would was going to have to create it and. So. I went right.

To the science right. I went to corporate storytelling. I went to sales storytelling. I went to.

Advanced neuros in fact one of the best books you can pick up is called uh resistance and persuasion by. Dr. Eric nolles much of the information in this course is based on what. I learned from his studies on the effects of.

Storytelling on the human nervous system people will automatically go into train the minute you even hint that there's a story about to be told and that's where. Then it just gets better from there. So this this program is designed into several sections the. First is the.

Neuroscience of story time this is how story works this is what it does this is what you can expect to happen in under the hood the moment you start saying that reminds me of a time when or let me tell you a story or you hint that one. Once. Upon a. Time any of those words will trigger a neurological entrainment.

Cascade of process process is that is unavoidable the only way to avoid it is to leave the room okay. So this is where it starts if you've ever seen guys like. T harveer or. Mark.

Victor. Hansen or. Lisa sasich or um. Simon.

Sy or um um who's who's another good one that does a lot of stories eer. TR reer for he tells a few stories and within a few hours people are rushing to the back of the room to buy everything this is that training it's it's all about the use of story not just for what it does on its own. But what it can be used to do with other things you can use story to insert five to 10 different other persuasion tactics and techniques in the narrative that. Prime and accelerate and amplify everything else and we teach you those tactics too.

So the. First one is the. First module is the. Neuroscience of.

Storytelling and metaphor. Second is connecting with stories how to tell little short stories at the at the line at. Starbucks waiting in line to go to the movie theater that instantly. Bond you with people and connect them and how that.

Dov tales with your three magic questions. Next is the. Neuroscience of alpha stories. Alpha stories are persuasion and motivation strategies.

So if you went to a sales training or um a motivational strategy or leadership training where they get you motivated inspired these. Alpha stories are. Tech or. Alpha techniques or strategies are things that amplify persuasion push they make you more persuasive in terms of getting people pushed towards a particular outcome.

Then you're gonna learn about. Omega stories and. Omega stories are where things really start to shift right. One of the things we'll teach you in in.

Alpha stories is that like 10 or 12 stories are kinds of stories that you absolutely must learn to tell we'll talk about that. Omega stories are different. Omega stories or. Omega strategies are persu strategies that remove resistance to influence in other words if.

I have to push a filing cabinet right. And it's and it's loaded with bricks right. And. I try to push it and.

I try to push it and. I can't move it an alpha strategy would be me going and getting more people to push to grab it and push with me it adds more push to the signal or to the message does that make sense. But an. Omega strategy is different an.

Omega strategy removes resistance one of the reasons that that filing cabinet metaphorically speaking is. So hard to move is because of the gravity of it. But also because of the friction it has with the ground the resistance. So if.

I take some rollers or some lubricant like oil and. I spread it on the ground in front of that filing cabinet now. I can quite possibly easily move or more. EAS move the filing cabinet by myself it didn't make me more persuasive didn't give me more power in terms of making me my push stronger it m reduced the resistance that a person has to taking action to going for what you want and.

So when you remove the resistance you take off like a rocket that's what. Omega strategies and. Omega stories are we'll give you a full training on that right. We'll even give you a checklist these are the elements that you have to build into a story that maximize its transportational impact transportation is a word used to define the level of.

Trance that a person experiences when they listen to a story and if you have this this questionnaire and this checklist of elements you can create stories use them with focus groups and test your stories before you have to actually use them in the field and and give the and come up with the best version of that story now we're going to take all that we're going to tell you how to use a story now we're going to take to level uh six. F six which is ninja stories and ninja stories are using stories as a way to deploy other tactics. So if you've come from a conversational hypnosis or an. NLP background or a.

NCI background you may have heard of things like embedded commands or. IU shifts or semantic priming uh things of nested. Loops things of that nature right. Those are things that you you embed within the structure of a story that on top of its natural trans inducing effect make it even more powerful.

So we're going to teach you how to build them the neurology behind it and. Then how to use those stories as a delivery mechanism for more advanced persuasion and influence techniques. So if you're dealing with people covertly where you want to help somebody. But they're just not open directly to working with you you can start to tell stories in this way and.

Prime them for change right. So if you deal with a lot of resistance in any way shape or form this is a really powerful way to to install new programmingsoftware this with any cult with any group of people regardless of whether they're all. Native. English speakers or not um.

So yeah that's. Weapons of. Mass instruction it's a $1,997 value we're going to give this to you absolutely free 100% free if you one of the. Next people to click that link and reserve your secrets of human influence home study course total combined value is $4,495.

But we're not done yet we're all going to include these powerful bonuses bonus number two. Renegade reframing. I love this one this is one of my favorite uh. CPI courses to teach what if for every argument you got into what if for every know that you heard what if every limiting belief that you had or the people that you love or care about or want to influence had you had at least 14 different ways to just completely obliterate that objection win the the argument and get people saying yes.

To you what could you do with that kind of ability that's exactly what your. Renegade reframe training is all about. Renegade reframing is derived from an. NLP uh subsystem known as slight of mouth slight of mouth was a discovery by a man named.

Robert. DTS who uh was observing. Richard bandler bandler would get up in front of his his trainees and he would say okay. I believe this this and this change my belief interrupt my pattern right.

And and. So his his master pra and his practitioner students would get up and they would try to metam model him this and they would try to belief change in that and he would just use these 14 patterns to completely decimate uh any attempt at influen by his his trained practitioners of. NLP right. So when you apply this to yourself you will not only have 14 different ways to destroy any limiting belief that you have you'll be able to deploy these in any combination or sequence to destroy the limiting beliefs objections and arguments of anybody who tries to influence you against your will okay.

You can literally turn the tables on any gaslighting narcissistic mofo on the planet in seconds by just understanding how to use these patterns okay. It's a $1,997 value it even comes with a card game called the reframe game that you can play yeah slight them mouth that's right. This is a much more fun exciting and useful way to get really really good at uh rapid confir conversational belief change and that's what this is okay. Rapid covert conversational belief change and overcoming any objections in seconds it's $1,997 value we're going to give this to you 100% free total combined value on this.

So far is $6,499. But we're not done yet we got one more thing that. I want to share with you how many of you have ever seen people like. Lisa sovich or t harveer or uh.

Simon syak or uh. Tony. Robbins just start talking and talking and talking and. Then they say go back and sign up now and all of a sudden a stampede of humanity rushes to the back of the room they're fighting with each other to buy whatever products or trainings or coaching packages are being offered what you need to understand is that when you go through something like an.

NLP trainers training or you go through like a s like. Lisa has a a mastermind program that she runs they're gonna teach you how to create an offer and how to tell stories. But and that's one level of the system. But there's a system behind the system a system that's based on all the tech techniques.

I've just talked about right. And that's what. Charisma and conversion is all about it's about taking all the skills you've learned in the secrets of human influence home study course all the secrets you've learned in uh. Weapons of.

Mass instruction all the techniques you've learned in. Renegade reframing and how do you apply those to a group of people all at once at the same time this is specifically designed for. Mass influence to get people excited salivating about what you're offering to give them the the deepest learning and the shortest amount of time possible and have them literally salivating to rush to the back of the room to sign up to be your client to buy your product or service um you name it right. So we're going to go through two different types of persuasion architecture small group persuasion tactics as well as large group persuasion tactics we'll talk to you about about what.

I like to call the singer model which is a uh type of uh format that you use that highly influences people uh from a medical perspective in other words it teaches you how to influence very small groups with a very very high conversion rate it's not uncommon to get 25 30 40% conversion if not more from the uh the singer model right. And we're also going to teach you the heart centered model or the large group model which has about a 25 or better conversion rate and this is for groups of 20 20 30 40 100 200 300 400 people it's not about just what you do on stage it's also about how you set up the talk the architecture of what you talk about how you talk about it the way you talk about it um you know one of the. First things that that we'll share with you is called the five. PS you're going to learn how to position yourself how to position your audience how to psychologically position the topic of your talk position the uh subject of your talk how to position your offer and make it okay.

For you to actually talk about how to take your things to the. Next level and feel completely congruent we're going to talk about how to do basic stage craft how to hold a microphone how to move on stage with power and. Charisma and emanate that certainty how to be truly and completely authentic with your audience and have them really bond with you in a way that makes them absolutely trust you we're going to talk about uh ways to. Anchor spacially different types of emotions in different parts of the stage.

So that you can you can fluctuate and move people's uh emotional states at will uh in the direction you need or want them to go how to use the most powerful and compelling storytelling secrets to get people to realize this is what they've what you've always wanted this is what they've always needed right. Uh and and. Link that to you we're going to teach you how to use again just like in ninja stories from weapons of mass destruction how to embed all these different forms of priming into your audience. So that they get white hot and ready to rush to the back of the room to raise their hand and and and work with you in the way that is most fulfilling and satisfying okay.

We're gonna actually show you we're going to take transcripts of very famous speakers and we're g to deconstruct those for you we're going to show you all the hidden hypnosis all the hidden. NLP and how it works and how it's put together remember these are not people who are going to teach you how to do these things they're just going to use them on you. So that when you go to some of these trainings you know and they're doing these things on you the moment they start doing it you'll realize what's happening you'll realize that they're using high level influence and persuasion tactics and because you can recognize them you now have a choice as to how you let it affect you okay. You now have.

Choice anything outside of your awareness is outside of your control. I'm going to give you that awareness. So you can have the control. So $1,997 value we're going to give this to you 100% free as part of your secrets of human influence home study course total combined value is 8,488.

But we're how do to get out of poverty use these skills. Merck and. I guarantee you you will get out of poverty. But only if you use them if you don't use them you won't get there okay.

So let's review okay. We have the 17 video seven stage. Universal persuasion protocol killer influence home study course valued at $2,497 we've got the weapons of mass instruction neuroscientific storytelling. Secrets recorded live plus the manual it's a $1,997 value you've got.

Renegade reframing how to instantly overcome any objection or change any belief uh $1,997 value and. Then you're going to have the. Charisma conversion hypnotic presentation skills for presenters and public speakers 1,99 $7 value we're going to give that to you absolutely free total value on this is $848. But obviously this is a webinar obviously.

I want you guys to have the best obviously. I want what's best for you. So today you're not going to have to pay 8,488 bucks. But would it if.

I knock that down to. Half. Price would that be a good deal say yes. Right.

But. I'm not going to charge you half price if. I knock that down to a. Third of the price or a fourth of the price $2,122 would that be a good deal.

I think that would be an amazing deal right. Be like hell yeah right. Aisha right. But guess what.

I'm not even. GNA charge you that much for those of you who are ready to take charge to control your life in ways you've only dreamed of to get everything you've ever wanted all you got to do you can get it all for one one low time onetime investment of just 9 997 and if you need extra help you can break that into three easy installments of just 3.97 and all you need to do right. Now is click this link www. killer influence.com gooo go now killer influence.com click that link go now www. killer influence.com go click the link click the link click the link and get on the. FasTrack to learn learning all of these skills and start leveling up right.

Now okay. Now some of you might be on the fence it's like well. David. I don't know.

I've had people make promises before. I say yeah here's the. First thing. I want you to understand this course is 100% risk-free if you're not 100% satisfied with the program if it's not delivering more than.

I said it could which. I'm understated what these things can do test this program apply these skills to your life for a full 60 days if the secrets of human influence program doesn't help you in making more money closing more deals becoming more confident attractive secure powerful becoming and winning any more social encounters if it's not doing any of the things for you that. I said it would you just pick up the phone let me or. Moss no.

And we will refund your entire investment and you can even keep at keep the courses for free that you've downloaded right. Again test it for a full 60 days at the end of 60 days you're not convinced it's the most powerful thing you've ever experienced let us know and we'll refund your money you have 60 days to give it a shot right. You risk absolutely nothing except not staying the person you the old person you've been as opposed to becoming the person you want to be how bad do you want to be that new person how bad do you want the things you said you just wrote that you wrote down that you said you wanted how badly do the things you just shouted out to the universe in our earlier drill do you really want how serious are you about it right. Click that link right.

Now go to www and uh influence.com slgo if you're serious if you weren't lying to yourself earlier or you weren't lying to me earlier click your link right. Now get your course and let me help you level up that's what we're here for that's what we do okay. But. I can't multiply zeros guys if you're not in the classes you're not taking the classes.

I can't help you level up now okay. Now for those of you who are action takers those of you who've already clicked the link those of you who didn't wait until the. Last minute here's what. I got for you if you've grabbed your course already already before.

I log off this webinar and remember that this offer is for firsttime webinar buyers only if you've bought webinars from us before webinar packages call us at 858 282 4663 we might have a different deal for you okay. So this is a firsttime webinar buyer process right. For fast action takers right. Now um if you have any of the courses.

I've already talked about you can actually substitute those out for other courses of an equal or lesser value we're happy to customize your package for you. But this is only good until tonight. April 10th 11:59 p.m okay. But if you click that link right.

Now or you already clicked that link congratulations you've already got some fast action bonuses coming to you automattic ially as a byproduct of clicking that link right. The. First is you get a three-month trial membership to our. NLP power.

Mastermind mentoring group program this is a program that meets in person and live on the. Third. Saturday of every month and. I literally commit you literally come in.

I log. I go around the room and. I say suus what do you want to learn uh um. Mia what do you want to learn youa what do you want to learn um.

Anthony what do you want to learn. John what do you you want to learn. Josh what do you want to learn right. And.

I write that on the board. I look. At how they all interconnect. I create a lesson plan and we drill you for the.

Next four to six hours on the spot until you can do those techniques in your sleep you won't get a certificate from the. NLP power. Master my mentoring program what you will get is the most important thing on the planet skills and support you will be surrounded by people who want the things you want who want to learn and master the techniques that you want to. Lear learn in master who you can actually talk to and train with and not feel weird like a weirdo or get looked at like you're going to be burned at like you're a witch or burned at the cross or something like that the community that supports you the feedback that you get and the ability and the opportunity to practice those skills consistently is what's going to level you up completely now right.

Mastermind mentoring. Practice. Group has been running non-stop since. October 2010 and we've videotaped and recorded every single one of those training sessions and we've archived them on our.

NLP power website we've archived them in our private. Facebook. Archive and we've archived them in the uh in the in the members only section of our. YouTube channel and as a member of the.

NLP power. Mastermind mentoring program you get complete unfettered access to the entire archive for as long as you're member of. The. Mastermind mentoring.

Group total value on this is $1,997 value and that that access and that mentoring program on top of the. Hands-On training that you get you get access to everything. I've ever taught or anything that anybody's ever wanted to learn from me. So.

Advanced conversational hypnosis dating and attraction. Secrets hidden law. Laws of. Attraction manifestation practices remote viewing remote influencing energy healing energy psychology.

Advanced regression and. Trauma resolution uh hypnotic language patterns um neurolinguistic programming hypnotherapy you name it face reading uh accelerated learning techniques memory enhancement you name it if it involves integration and unification of mind and body at some point somebody's asked that question and we've done training on it and it's somewhere in that 13-year archive literally thousands of hours of training stuff that's never been on. YouTube it's never been featured in a product you get to binge to your heart's content for the entire time you're in the uh. The.

Mastermind mentoring. Practice. Group and if you're local to the. San.

Diego area or you don't mind driving we actually host a live component of this on the. Third. Saturday of every month. So every now and.

Then you'll get a little notification say hey attend the. Mastermind live and in person and you'll be given access to our secret location you can come in in the same room with me right. Next to 5 10 5 six seven other people eight other people. However we can fit and while.

I'm teaching online you'll be learning it in person with me and. I'll be watching over you guiding you giving you feedback doing extra drills with you making sure that you get the biggest bang for your training. Buck humanly possible right. That's open to any and all of you who who want to come and train in person um it's just easier if you're in the.

San. Diego. Arizona area right. Right.

Or. Northern. California. Los.

Angeles area will let you know how to do that total value this is a 19 this is $1,997 value we're going to give this to you free why because we want you to actually use this material and level up your life and that's this is the one of the most powerful and important ways that we get to do that for you right. If you don't have a group of people to practice with it's much harder it can be done. But trust me the burden is a lot lighter when you're surrounded by people moving in the same direction that you are okay. We're going to give this to you free total value on this is $1,485 combined right.

But we're not done yet this is only your. First fast action bonus click that link right. Now you're also going to get access to the stealth instant conversation hypnosis crash course this was a course. I created many many years ago and it was designed specifically for one purpose and one purpose only to get you good at conversational and covert hypnosis super super super fast literally you could watch two videos and be out there hypnotizing people in just hours.

So if you're someone who likes the way to get started fast that wants to go out and test things immediately this program will give you the fast track it's a $997 value it has videos on the most powerful conversation hypnosis language patterns that exist it has another set of videos on me teaching this stuff in a. Meetup session that's never been released to the public it has uh videos on lie detection instant and. Rapid hypnosis inductions um that are super super simple and that work uh it. I think it also has uh hypnotic hot buttons and anchoring in action which are um videos on how to press people's emotional triggers and anchor feelings and.

States on demand um they're all your it comes with transcripts it comes with a downloadable. MP3 audios as well as manuals that you can actually use to practice your language skills total value on this is 997 $ value we're going to give it to you free because we want you to win we want you to have every tool every opportunity to learn these skills in the way that's easiest and most desirable for you some people are going to start with the 17 uh video program and that's fine some people going to jump into this. First that's okay. Too if you want the fast start this is a great way to start prove it to yourself.

Then come back learn the complete system total value on this is $1,482 and for the the. Next 21 people to to click that button now before. I log off tonight's webinar in other words if you've already clicked this link you already have this you just didn't know it. But if you want access to these three bonuses you got to click that link before.

I log off tonight's webinar for those of you who click that link right. Now reserve your package we're g to give you a free. VIP super ticket to our. Next killer influence 2024 live.

Secret of covert hypnosis 5-day certification boot camp here in. Los in. San. Diego.

August 6th through the 10th it's a $3,150 value and you're going to learn everything we talked about in today's webinar when. I went through that list of you know becoming a master how to think like a master of influence how to control your state. So nobody else can how to link those emotions and bond with people automatically the most powerful language patterns that exist and how to use them anytime anywhere and in install them in you in such a way that they become a natural part of your everyday speaking where you just become naturally irresistible right. How to manage the emotional states of everyone you meet.

So you can move them from wherever they're at to wherever you need and want them to be and they feel completely good about it right. Um how to jump into their behavior code how to bond to their emotions how to deliver embedded commands thought binds and. IU shifts and semantically prime your language to fill that out how to manage the spatial relationships around people. So you can psychologically position them yourself in the minds of your subject.

So they're automatically more subservient automatically like you more automatically trust you more right. How to detect lies in seconds the 15 to 20 most powerful most obvious signs that a person might be lying to you right. How to profile people in 30 to 90 seconds or less how to manage the social hypnotic operators that government media marketers are using to push your psychological buttons and make you respond in automatic ways. I'm going to teach you what these are how they work how to detect them and how to use them.

So that you can use them to make your life better and protect yourself from influence that you didn't ask for okay. That's all part of your your killer influence live training there's going to be drill after drill after drill you'll meet some of the coolest most fun people to hang out with in on the planet it's a 5-day full immersion where. I get to watch. You observe you give you customized drills feedback on what you're doing and.

I literally install these things in you and you install them in one another for a full five days it will change your confidence level it will change your. Authority level it will change your ability to like and to create like attraction. Rapport credibility social status you'll be able to help more people influence people to do what you want them to do and almost never hear the word no. Again unless you want to hear the word no.

Okay. It's really the most there's a reason it was named the number one. NLP training program in the world here's the funniest part about that by the way it was named and nominated the number one. NLP training program year after year since 2020 and.

I have never promoted killer influence as an. NLP course that's how powerful this is okay. You're getting the best of the best because that's what. I want for you that's what you deserve and.

So. I'm giving you this opportunity to not only binge watch those videos to your heart's content. But to get into a room with me and my my best people live for a full five days now if you can't um if you can't make the training there is a hybrid option if if for some reason you can't make this training pick up the phone and let us know we'll move you to the. Next training in other words you won't lose this ticket if you can't make it in.

August right. If you can't make it in. August. Then we will move you to the.

Next killer influence or if there's a training that you would rather take instead. Then we can put you into that. But got to remember killer influence by the way is a prerequisite for a lot of our more advanced trainings. So we highly recommend you take this training uh when it's offered.

So you can get into the other trainings. Later on it's a $3,150 value guys at the. DF that's what that's what you you'd have to pay at the door we're going to give this to you free. But you got to be one of the.

Next 21 people to have clicked that link before before. I log off the webinar okay. Total value on this is$ 14,632. So let's just review what you've got.

Then we're going to give you a quick break. So you're going to get the secrets of human influence home study course by it at $2,497 value you're going to get the weapons of mass instruction $1,997 value we're going to give that to you free you're going to get. Renegade reframing the art of conversational belief change and objection. Mastery $1,997 value we're going to give it to you free we're going to give you.

Charisma and conversion um one that we rarely give out it's a $1,997 value we're going to give it to you free we're going to give you a three-month trial membership to the. Mastermind mentoring program where you get to work with me as part of a group and really drill down on the things you most need and want to master in your life $1,997 value we're going to give it to you free we're going to give you the stealth instant conversational hypnosis crash course $997 value we're going to give that to you absolutely free and you're going to get that free. VIP super ticket to our. Next five-day killer influence secrets of covert hypnosis home uh live training here in.

San. Diego. August 6th to. August 10th it's a $3,150 value we're going to give it to you free if you total up the combined value of this package do the math guys and.

I know the math is. Right. Seth total value is $1 14,632 you can get it all for the teeny tiny investment of just $9.97 if you need a little extra help you can break that up into three easy installments of just 3.97 each and all you got to do to get yours is click this link right. Now go to www. killer influence.com slgo.

W click the link right. Now click the link click the link click the link. SE says yes. The math is right.

Who checked it for you. I did all right. Now couple of things about this um if you have if you've already bought or purchased any of the courses mentioned in this package and you still want to take advantage of this offer that's fine just give. Moss or.

Mia a call at 858 282 4663 and let him know you've bought the package and you want to swap out a course because you already got it and we will let you swap out a course of equal or lesser value absolutely free. So let's say for example that um in the past you've bought uh. Renegade reframing right. Well that's fine you just go to our catalog you find another course that's retailing for 1997 call.

Moss say hey. I've already got. Renegade reframing can. I get uh the.

NLP uh practitioner certification videos or rapid trauma resolution if it's of an equal or lesser value we'll just swap it out for you. So you get to customize your package okay. If you if you qualify for one of our. VIP tickets and you can't make the.

August training that's fine just let us know we'll move you to another training that ticket stays active until you use it. So let's say um you've already been a killer influence. But you know somebody who could really benefit from that. VIP ticket you can.

GI that. VIP ticket to somebody else and they can come on that ticket for free right. Let's say that between now and. August we raise the price of killer influence we we change it to 3797 or 3750 or 4750 whatever it is right.

Well you still get in for free regardless of what the price is because you have this. VIP super ticket you still get a front row seat let's say that the the training sells out we've o like. Last training we did for identity by. Design um we wound up overbooked we had like 20 people schedule for a room that would hold like 20 and we had like almost 30 people show up out of the blue we made seats for all of them because they had.

VIP tickets right. If you have a. VIP ticket you can show up even if the training is over booked and we'll find a seat for you okay. So this ticket once you have it it's not cancelled until it's used you can gift it to other people it's valuable for uh whatever course um is that you can swap it for a course of equal lesser value uh and you're guaranteed a spot even if this training is sold out let's say at the.

Last minute your schedule changes and now you were going to come. But you can't that's fine you just let. Moss or. M know put you as long as you're in our database we'll move you to another list to another training.

So you have this ticket that you can use anytime for the rest of your life you can use it one time. But it doesn't expire. So it's worth it just for that right. So make sure that you click that link and grab your ticket before.

I log off the webinar because when. I log off the webinar this complete package goes away the. NLP power goes away the stealth instant conversation hypnosis crash course goes away the. VIP super ticket goes away.

So if you want to make sure that you've got it all uh for just one low installment of 9.97 click the link right. Now killer influence.com go okay. Do it right. Now don't hesitate go for it okay.

Now while you're doing that it is 324 by my. Reckoning. I'm going to give you guys a seven minute break we're going to come back at 3:31 my time and we're going to pick up into part three of the webinar we're going to customize the applications we're going to teach you some more cool stuff and. I'll let you guys pick what that thing is all right.

So click that link right. Now. I will see you in six minutes click the link click the link click the link go for it e e e e all right. While we're waiting on the break this is your this is your open.

Q&A time while you're clicking those links getting your stuff set up if you have any questions about things pertaining to tonight's webinar uh the the package deals that we're offering or random questions now is the time to ask just type it in the chat buer berer killer influence is version one right. Yes. It is great question we'll probably be doing uh defense against the dark arts. Later in the year um defense against the dark arts has a little bit more profiling training in it than it does pure influence because profiling for by and large is one of the.

I think the single most overlooked aspects of of being a good at influence the ability to read people uh and. Chase and. I both agree on this is there's three elements to going into influencing people effectively one is the tools of influence that's what everybody wants to learn the. Second is um the um.

I'm doing this in reverse order by the way the. Second is the intelligence aspect of it the ability to profile and read people and know what the strengths and weaknesses and the the sensibilities and sensitivities of your your subject or. Target are and most important the apex of the influence p uh pyramid is really. Who.

You. Are what kind of a person are you how strong is your confidence how strong is your. Authority how comfortable are you um how socially aware or socially intelligent are you right. Um how how fluid of thought are you these are things that you can take um.

Julie saying where is this going to be held this event is going to be held in. San. Julie you've actually been there you it's at the same place that you came the other trainings you came to. So uh.

Julie's uh. Julie. Holmes is one of our our alumni and this will be at the country in in. Suites um unless they kick us out uh.

August 6 through the 10th uh. C says. I'm communicating with a non-verbal person how can. I know they they're getting what they want excitement head shaking watch their pupils watch their blink rate watch their shutter speed right.

Watch how they lean forward and back all right. All right. I've got about 45 30 seconds or. So before our break is over you guys got any other questions because once once that hits 31 we're back on track we're back to to phase three of the webinar and.

I have to leave early tonight because uh. I actually have a coaching class almost immediately after this that. I have to teach. So.

I'm literally going to be in front of this computer for the. Next four and a half hours all right. All right. For those of you who have stayed with us thank you.

So much. I. I'm very very grateful that you stayed with us you know um the truth is is that one of the things. I learned a long time ago and just by a show of hands in the chat how many of you are a coach a mentor uh a counselor somebody who is going to um be speaking in front of large groups of people or or do does presentations of any kind okay.

Anybody else fer and the reason. I'm asking that is because. I wanna. I wanna.

I want to explain some okay. Jay says. I am all right. So one of the thing one of my mentors and.

I'm very proud although she probably sometimes she'd probably look. At some of my material sometimes oh my. God please don't claim me as your student. But um.

Cobra says. I'm a hypnotist. Perfect all right. The fastest way to build your business.

Bar. None is through some form of public speaking in other words finding an audience that is uh hungry for um what you offer getting in front of them and giving them an experience a transformation okay. And a lot of times people will judge you because you actually offer them a. Next.

Step as part of your there's like like there's always an offer right. And and people think that the purpose of a seminar is to make an offer no. It isn't. But it is let me explain that if you are doing your work well in other words you're you're in front of a group of people whether it's a hundred people five people a thousand people 10,000 people and you're delivering value you're getting the thing the person in the audience is getting what they want you're getting what you want from this person right.

It is only natural it is only natural that this you're going to want to go further with that person and this is what. I learned from. Lisa sasich many many many years ago is that if you guide people through those amazing experiences and you don't give them them the opportunity to take it further to go to the. Next level you're actually deserving them because you're you're leading them to a dead end you've lead you've.

LED them to the water. But you're not letting them drink. So every time you present or every time and this is true by the way how many of you are bloggers or do any kind of vlogging or anything like that as part of your business here's a little tip if you know what bounce rate is or stick rate on your website you will increase your stick rate by putting a call to action after every blog post an article okay. I know it's kind of normal now.

But back when. I learned it it wasn't that well known you must always give the person a. Next. Step here's what you do.

Next and that will keep them engaged with you and it will keep them on the track towards becoming more involved with you to becoming more intimate in a way that's right. For them okay. So when you see offers and things like that understand that that's a service that that people are that if if you're coming from the heart-c centered place if you're coming from a direct sales pressure approach that's different. But that's something that.

Lisa taught me and for those of you who are going to get in front of people right. You have to make an offer it's not it's not optional you have to have some kind of an offer you have to give them some kind of a. Next. Step even if it's a tiny one there has to be something all right.

This is important for you you have to teach and train and guide your people right. Um. I used to bust. Chase's balls.

Chase uses balls all the time because he would he would do amazing presentations this is he doesn't do that anymore. But back in like five six years ago seven eight years ago he would do these amazing presentations and say okay. Thank you very much boom and he would be done and be like what. But.

But and they have nowhere to go right. So. Phil. Mark says.

William. I do online preent same exact thing right. It's a form of public speaking the more authentic and engaging you become the more trustworthy you become okay. So.

I just wanted to. I wanted to put that out there because how you think about the elements of a presentation will dramatically impact the way you express those components remember everything human beings do is in response to a feeling it's a feeling they either want more of or a feeling they want a whole lot less of your job is to give them those feelings the fastest way to change someone's behavior is to change their body feelings the fastest way to change their a person's body feelings is to change yours. First. I'll say that two more times the fastest way to change anyone's.

Behavior or decision is by changing their body feelings the fastest way to change a person's body feelings is to change yours. First. Last time the fastest way to change a person's behaviors or decisions is by changing their body feelings the fastest way to change another person's body feelings is to change yours. First the way you feel about your presentation every piece of your presentation will have a body feeling connected to it.

So if you're delivering. Great. Value and you're loving uh the material. But you get to the point where you have to make the offer and all of a sudden you feel like a used car salesman or you feel like oh.

I feel sley right. That's going to change your body feelings that's going to change how your audience responds to you. So you got to get your head and your heart in the right. Place if you want to maximize conversions and do the right.

Thing does that make sense right. This is why your your training you'll see this when you come to the training in in. August that's why your training always starts with. State control and how to think like a master of influence it has to start there.

So the you start with who you are what you know about your subject and. Then the tools of influence based on what you you know about your subject and what you know about you that's the triangle okay. Now that being said what do you guys want to learn about for the. Next 25 or 30 minutes what do you want me to teach you type in the chat and this will be a majority vote what do you guys want to learn about it's your training now you tell me and whatever we don't finish here we'll pick up in killer influence in.

August or at the. Next webinar probably killer influence in. August though type it now or forever hold your pece ber ber word processes okay. I don't know what that means.

Cynthia what do you mean by word processes pain relief okay. I see um. Anthony's asking me have. I thought more on the highlighted principles in.

Celestine. Prophecy actually many years ago. I did uh this particular training uh. Julie is at the um country in and sweets 5975.

Lusk. Boulevard. San. Diego and and if we change the venue we will let you know okay.

So. Cynthia wants to know about using the 21 most powerful words in the. UN language anybody else the external version of the emotional bonding checklist okay. What else.

I know there's more than there's more of you in here than that. So come on suck it up guys this is your training otherwise. I will arbitrarily make something up attracting and getting. I don't know what that.

Last word is. William attracting and getting killer influence manual stuff okay. He will put your brain back to work all right. I must have really transed you guys out because you guys are like rting a mate and keeping them powerful self hypnosis sentences to get powerful states oh okay.

So. I've got two for language influencing others well. Jay this. J this whole training is on influencing others brother you got to give me something a little more specific right.

Going once going twice autism. I don't you want me to teach you how to be autistic what sorry creating attraction via vibes okay. All right. So let's do this.

Then let how do to get back to your brain okay. Send. Sexual. Energy okay.

You guys are really going off into the down the rabbit hole holy cow all right. More language techniques all right. So when we talk about language techniques do you want me to teach you conversational. Frameworks like how to remove resistance to persuasion how to create conversations that uh are generate tremendous connection attraction trust and love do you want specific language patterns for specific effects social warm-up exercise okay.

Now the pro now you guys are okay. All right. All right. Let's do this.

Then um. I only. I don't have a lot of time. So my my my brain is telling me to do languaging um.

So let me see what we got here okay. Reframing okay. I'm going to give you. I'm going to give you a little bit of a sample platter okay.

Um we're going to go with fast what. I call. FastTrack hypnotic languaging now unfortunately because. I the the the limited time that.

I have. I'm not going to be able to go as deep dive into a lot of these things. But all the things. I'm going to cover the full modules are in your home study course.

So if you've got your home study course you can actually find all of the things. I'm going to talk about. So let's talk about the echo technique just a little bit really quick. So when we talk about more advanced.

Echo procedures and this goes to attraction connection and comfort as well as um reframing resistance you want to be and mastering. First. Impressions very that's actually a really good one um when you you want to use the echo technique as often as possible because it h it it checks all the boxes now there's an advanced persuasion algorithm we call the the master. Echo formula or.

Master. Echo sequence and it goes like this soften ask validate. Echo soften and ask again uh you can actually probably eliminate the. Second soften.

So let me explain that to you um. I'm gonna give you a little secret. I'm going to teach you not just hypnotic language. I'm.

GNA teach you how to learn hypnotic. Language by show of hands uh in the chats how many of you have tried to learn iic language patterns before just type yes. Or no. In the chat no.

Okay. Yes. Was it easy. I'm assuming you didn't train with me was it easy the idea how many of you noticed that when you were trying to learn hypnotic language a lot of times as soon as you said the pattern you forgot what you said or when you heard a pattern you forgot what you said anybody notice that like it just didn't stick it's like it was there and.

Then it wasn't. Okay. The reason for that is is because ponic language creates spontaneous amnesia in other words if. I were to say to you as you fully begin to recognize the immense power of.

This truly uh. Unstoppable killer influence influence formula you'll rapidly discover new and exciting ways that it will transform your life in all the ways that automatically make you realize just how powerful you're becoming and feeling really good about it how many of you can remember what. I just said come out of. Trance you can't right.

Right. Why is that because every time. I stack a language technique it amplifies the amount of processing that your brain has to do which deepens trance it deepens cognitive load and absorption. So if you've ever been one of those people who's had to listen to hypnotic language over and over and over again and try to recall it or do it and you couldn't this is why it takes a huge amount of time and energy to process the language much less recall it you just lose the cognitive ability to do it right.

So when you want to learn. H and you again when you come to killer influence in uh in. August right. This when you get to the language component you'll be you're going to be nose deep in this okay.

This is how we makes people. So good. So quick this is how you learn hypnotic language you can't learn hypnotic. Language by just listening to it and repeat that two more times you can't learn hypnotic language just by listening to it you can't learn hypnotic language for the most part just by listening to it you can be affected by it you can be influenced by it.

But to be able to spontaneously recall it um it takes a huge amount of repetition through the auditory system to install this stuff deeply um in your mind. But if you use multi multimodal multic cortical learning you can install the skill very very rapidly compared to the normal way most people do it. So what does that actually mean it means that if you want to learn hypnotic language and again you'll do this in killer influence in. August right.

If you want to learn hypnotic language you have to use multiple modalities. So what am. I talking about visual auditory kinesthetic right. You have to use all of these together to install the language in.

So you have to write it three times you have to read it silent uh out loud and silently with an emphasis on out loud actually. I think it's allowed at least three times right. And. Then you have to speak it beware beware of people and a lot of.

NLP trainers are guilty of this beware of people who say you don't need to take notes don't worry about remembering it. I'm installing it into you unconsciously anytime you hear the word. I'm going to install this in you unconsciously don't consciously pay attention or whatever. I want you to kind of in your mind go okay.

And here's my thoughts on this and again this is. I'm. I will be upfront and tell you right. Upon that.

I am at deliberately um a lot of my colleagues in the. NLP world are gonna argue with me up one side and down the other. But. I taught this [ __ ] for free for 10 years before.

I ever was willing to certify anybody and there's a reason why our practitioners are. So much better it's because of the methodology we use to teach. So here's the thing here's my thoughts on this and. I want you for those of you who've had.

NLP training and your your your trainer said. I'm just going to install it in you unconsciously you don't have to worry about taking notes you don't have to worry about writing anything horse [ __ ] okay. Yes. Unconscious learning does work.

But it doesn't work the way you think it does okay. You have to have a conscious recall pathway for the information that was installed to be able to come out right. So if you check out while you're listening hypnotic language the conscious mind the aperture that gets into your deep level unconscious isn't there it's going in and it's stored there. But the recall pathway isn't there.

So if it does activate it will activate spontaneously and automatically outside the realm of con ious awareness you're you'll just start doing something and you won't know where it came from or why or how and you won't be able to explain it to anybody okay. I have found that people get the greatest degree of learning transformation and ability by understanding by getting unconscious learning on top of conscious learning and this is the process that we use for every language pattern that. I'm going to share with you you must write it physically you must read it out loud and silently in your mind and you must speak it you must deploy it multiple times with different human beings right. So that's the the 3X3 by3 learning method for hypnotic language there we'll cover this in much more depth uh at your at your.

August training okay. Let's talk about um let me see here. I want to give you guys one or two language patterns. So what.

I'd like to share with you right. Now is what. I consider to be hold on a. Second.

I'm looking for the page oh there we go the most powerful language pattern that exists okay. Now let me be clear the echo technique is actually the most powerful language pattern most of the time. But there's another one that is the most powerful because it's. But it's in a different category and these are called awareness words okay.

Now think about this for a moment what if you had the ability right. To literally force a person to pay attention to exactly what you want in the way that you wanted it and ignore everything else what could you do with a superpower like that type it in the chat what could you do come out of. Trance guys ber look. At the participants here berer anything and everything very good.

Alexa become a great leader damn straight. I get more clients yes. All all right. So write these words down you ready.

I'm going to go a little fast actually let's do this let's review before you write before you um before you click the link let's go ahead and um we just go ahead let's review let's review uh the offer because we're coming on a home stretch. I gotta. I gotta. I got to teach really fast.

But. I have to. I have to show you and remind you that it's the clock is running on your your offer sheet. So let's just do this real quick click the link right.

Now if you haven't already secrets of human influence home study course $2,497 value you're going to get the weapons of mass instruction 1,997 we're going to give that to you free you're going to get the. Renegade reframing art of conversational belief change and objection obliteration $1,997 value we're going to give that to you free you're going to get the. Charisma conversion home study program hypnotic presentation skills for public speaking $1,997 value we're going to give that to you free you're going to get a three month trial membership into the. NLP power.

Mastermind mentoring program $1,997 value we're going to give you that for free you're going to get the stealth instant conversation nois crash course $997 value we're going to give it to you free and of course you'll get a free ticket to the killer influence 5-day hypnosis certification boot camp. August 6 to the 10th here in. San. Diego $3,150 value total package is $1 14,632 you get it all for one loan of $99.97 or three easy payments of just 3.97 each you just click this link right.

Here killer influence.com forward slgo you'll be automatically entered into our. VIP database and you will be allowed to attend the 5-day certification boot camp absolutely free. Okay. Click that link this link this offer these three pack these three bonuses go away when.

I log off the webinar okay. Everything else is good until 11:59 p.m. tonight now write these words down understand experience discover recognize aware realize notice and comprehend oh the offer is not showing hold on. So. I'm gonna.

I'll let the offer show for you guys uh while. I'm doing that. I'm. G to read these out loud.

So you can write them down understand experience recognize aware realize notice comprehend one more time understand experience discover recognize aware realize notice and comprehend now if you've if you've managed to write those down type done in the chat. So. I know done okay. Good okay.

These are the words that. I'm. GNA. I want you to practice with going forward.

So let me show you how to practice this and what this is like. So when. I teach people when. I teach people hypnotic language um.

I don't really care. I. I. I do care a little bit that you know what the name of a pattern is.

So for example what you're learning here is called the awareness pattern. But what's more important when you're learning hypnotic language pattern is that you understand what it does and how to make it right. I know people that have been overly trained in. NLP and they can recognize a generalization and a loss performative and a uh.

Missing referential or lack of referential index and they can name all of these patterns they can name cause and effect and they can name awareness and they can name uh complex equivalents and all those things right. That's not really what's important what's important is that you understand what that language pattern does and how to make it. So when you come the killer influence in. August and you're watching your videos you're going to hear me.

Grill the audience you're going to send me point at. Seth or something else say what does a cause and effect language pattern do what does an awareness pattern do what's the effect of an awareness pattern when you deploy it. So and that's and it is the understanding of what it does and how to make it that allows you to use it right. Knowing its name is is me mental masturbation if you don't have those other two right.

So what does the awareness language pattern actually allow you to do when when you deploy this with intention on another human being what effect does it have here's your. First one and you can take a screenshot of this if you want it allows you to direct a person's focus of attention towards or away from anything you want and exclude actually let me just go back and and just get rid of that because. I was gilding the. Lily on that um towards anything you want and exclude anything you don't want.

So going back to our list of words understand experience discover recognize aware realize notice comprehend. So let's say. I wanted you to really go inside review what you've learned link what you most want and desire to the training in this webinar and the system it comes from let's say. I want you to do that right.

And want to use the words notice and comprehend and recognize and realize right. I could say again don't try to analyze this you can if you want to. But as you review in your mind all of the many things that we've talked about in tonight's training and you realize the key elements that will allow you to get exactly what you want the way you want it you can notice a growing sense of desire as you realize that this is just the tip of a very large. Iceberg for getting everything you want in your life and as you realize that you can comprehend how clicking that link right.

Now is the fastest track to getting everything you want right. Away okay. Now what just happened there what just happened right. All.

I did in bullet points was have you review what you learned think about what you most wanted to do find the parts of the webinar that directly allow you to to feel like you're getting that and click the link to get more right. That was the process that. I installed right. Actually.

Cynthia says you were selling them your packaging no. I wasn't actually. I was giving you the opportunity to buy what you really wanted right. Because.

I didn't tell you what. I was giving you right. I told you. I.

G. I. I suggested to you that you look. At what you learned today realize the points that give you the things you most want and go for it right.

So how did. I do that the moment. I say any of the words. I just gave you understand experience recognize aware realize notice comprehend anything that follows that word your brain is going to automatically do and it's going to do it in such a way that is exactly right.

For you in other words your brain is going to fill in how that's supposed to happen. So you don't resist it okay. You're brain will also assume usually correctly that everything that follows one of these words is absolutely true in. NLP that phenomena is known as a presupposition it's a neurological linguistic of assumptions the nervous system has to make in order for you to understand what you just heard now we'll talk about all this when you come to killer influence when you when you review your package we will review this in depth you will understand this phenomenon.

But you don't need all that training to deploy it immediately right. You just need to know a basic structure. So the the two things three that this language pattern does is it redirects a person's focus of attention to exactly what follows the word. So if.

I say notice the shifting tones in my voice as you become aware of the thoughts you're having in your head and you can recognize a sensation in the lobe of your left ear as you're becoming aware of the sensation in the big toe of your right. Foot notice what happened every time. I used one of those words and type in the chat what you noticed type it in the chat what did you notice what happened to your focus of attention did all of a sudden your your did all of a sudden your awareness move from shifting tones to internal thoughts to the earlobe to the toe without me telling you to do that here's the way here's the really messed up part it wouldn't matter if you knew what. I was doing or not your brain still would have done it and it would have done it automatically one of the things you'll learn you you'll experience in killer influence is.

I'll actually sit in front of the room and. I will challenge you to summon up every unit of willpower that you have and resist what. I'm about do your best to resist what. I'm about to say and you can't do it and.

I'm using these words the awareness language pattern is the controlling pattern of the entire system right. And again. I'll give you all the theory about why that's true uh in the training. But when you use a person's when you use the awareness language pattern it directs their focus of attention to exactly what you want.

But it also causes your mind to automatically begin to do whatever process follows that word. So you said when. I said notice the shifting tone in your mind or in my voice right. The moment.

I said that you stopped listening on one level and started listening for differences now you just did it automatically you couldn't not do it. So not only does the awareness pattern allow you to direct focus of attention it can actually create a form of. Association where your unconscious mind starts doing a process and your conscious mind observes you doing it okay. That's and you can't resist it even if you know it's being done.

So to me that makes it the. Apex language pattern unfortunately it's not as versatile as the echo technique. So they're both the most powerful they're both kind of the the king and queen of that linguistic influence hierarchy. But they're very different in the way they do it.

So. Cynthia says when you do that. I know. I tend to focus on you faster than normal yes.

Because it when. I use this language pattern. I'm literally controlling. Focus attention and awareness as well as concentration.

I'm controlling all of of them. So once again. I'm moving suggestibility sliders to the right. Now what's funny about this pattern one of the reasons it's.

So ninja this pattern is such a fundamental part of our ability to process what goes on inside of our minds and outside of our minds that you can overuse it and nobody will notice nobody will care right. So when you go back and you watch my. YouTube. Channel record the audio pull a transcript and look.

For all the awareness words in my language you'll be shocked you'll be shocked okay. This is again. I've. I.

I. I've rarely teach this outside of a very specialized context. So if. I wanted to get somebody attracted to me you ever notice how some people you just automatically connect with and just feel totally comfortable with and as you.

C and as that connection grows you notice that it's actually more than just that it's just it's just like there's this deep level warmth that that that kind of connects two people together as you realize that growing feeling of. Attraction it's like you were just made to be together like it was just ordained and it's. So comfortable when you notice that happening. I'm curious how does that happen for you right.

So again you're going to miss a lot of what. I just did go back pull the transcript rewatch the video listen and write what. I said and count the count the pattern words okay. So.

I that's a procopio is saying what if. I had a hard time focusing that's normal because one of the things that's going to happen with these words is it's going to throw you right. Into a trance if your normal method of processing language is seven plus or minus two the moment. I start.

St in patterns of any kind. But especially this one it drops to three. So you you won't feel confused sometimes you. But you will feel like your brain is you'll be very absorbed in it and it'll feel like you're paying attention.

But at the same time it's like your head is kind of wrapped in. Cotton it's a it's a kind of a comfy feeling um and that's what makes it really powerful right. There's if you've ever been to a really boring lecture and you escape into trans that's a different kind of. Trance or when you've ever read a technical manual where there's no.

Descriptors whatsoever and it's just. So. Technical and lack and devoid of description that you just go into overwhelm that it when you start using these kinds of words you have a similar phenomena happening. But it feels better it's actually way more comfortable and a person's suggestibility and openness levers up and they can't fight it they can't resist it okay.

Um can. I explain the different meanings associated with understand realize and comprehend um the reason that uh. Benjamin. I don't have to explain it because it's exactly the same in.

English the fact they have a similar definition is what puts them in this category copia says thanks thanks for saying my name correctly. I do like listening to you too thank you and that's the point when you use these language patterns like. I'm teaching you and you you add in the. Echo technique and you add in their emotional bonding words they will salivate to spend time with you you'll just start you'll just start seeing this happen the pupils will dilate the blink rate will slow down they'll.

Lean. Forward they'll get what we call that doggy dinner bowl look. Okay. This is one of the patterns okay.

Guys if you if you stack it with the echo technique you stack it with the emotional bonding checklist and now you start applying this right. Can you see how they stack yes. Or yes. If you if you if you get what.

I'm coming at everything is a force multiplier everything multiplies the thing that went before yes. Or yes. Okay. Uh for those of you who um again we'll give you a full treatment of this in killer influence secrets of covert hypnosis both the live training and the uh the video package.

So when you get that you'll be able to just jump dive in and if you have questions on it you'll be able to come to the masterminds uh and work out your sticking points that's why we gave you the. Mastermind. So that if you had problems um you can come in and and and get handson mentoring with that okay. All right.

So we're coming up on um the end of our session. So. Last call as they say you don't have to go home. But you can't stay here remember when.

I log off the webinar these fast action bonuses. NLP power. Mastermind mentoring program stealth instant conversation hypnosis course and the uh. VIP super ticket uh $3,150 value they all go away.

So you can still get uh. Charisma conversion. Renegade reframing weapons of mass and instruction secrets of human influence they're all available at the 997 price point until 11:59 p.m. tonight uh one. Last thing if you call.

Moss or. Mia or email make sure you do it either before. I log off the webinar or before 11:59 p.m. tonight and when you do make sure you leave your contact information if you leave your contact information you will qualify for all the bonuses everything if you do not leave your contact information and you wait till tomorrow to reach out to us you will not qualify okay. So call if you get the voicemail because the phones are ringing off the hook.

Over here just leave your contact information we'll get back to you within 24 hours and we will um help you customize your packages click this link right. Now just get your get your course get your package and. Then follow up with us with any questions you have and we'll get those answered for you and if the package isn't right. We'll refund you.

Then and there right. You have nothing to risk just save your seat right. Now by clicking this link before we log off okay. Killer influence.com.

Geo right. All right. Well. I hope.

I this was a fun class for me how do you guys feel about this class did you enjoy it did you learn a lot. I'm curious tell me type in what you learned. Jeffrey says awesome great loved it you're great. David you like that magic healing person that's around makes the world feel better with you here healing confidence thank you.

So much for that lah. I really appreciate you really appreciate you guys remember. I. I develop most of these techniques for me.

I'm not going to lie to you right. I don't need to. I developed all of these things to make my life easier and get what. I wanted in life and what.

I discovered was that. I had a lot of. Kindred brothers and sisters out there. Kindred.

Souls like you like me who have the same problems and. So in the spirit of giving in the spirit of sharing in the in the in the spirit of doing well by doing good. I share these opportunities with you and if you want to take the journey click the link and let's. Journey on together let's do this together right.

As my my mentor. Lisa sovich used to say if you're not going to do this what are you going to do instead what's your option if you don't know click the link and let's do this okay. In the words of the immortal. Cal berett.

I'm. So glad we had this time together just to have a laugh or sing a song seems we just got started and before you know it comes the time we have to say. So long good night everybody good night. God bless we'll see you on the other side click that link and let's change the world one mind at a time starting with yours.

God bless.
