Title: UshDKRY66ZU.txt
Video Id: UshDKRY66ZU
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UshDKRY66ZU

Are we green all right. So. Hein came in and. I this was my.

First hypnotherapy certification oddly enough called. Renegade hypnosis most of the hypnosis work. I do is based on. Neuroscience not folklore.

So like. I said when my son when. I say you don't have to believe in the stuff. I'm going to teach you you just got to follow the instructions.

I mean what. I say. But. Hein came in.

I didn't know who he was and uh. First day and a half. I basically just throw people into doing inductions not slow long. Progressive relaxation inductions.

But walk up and sleep inductions right. The most challenging most terrifying aspect of hypnosis hypnosis when they're being trained is is the concept of instant and rapid inductions. So we get you doing that right. Off the bat when you find out hypnosis actually is ridiculously easy okay.

Because human beings are trans machines we can't function we can't do 99 of the things we do without some modulation in our perceptual filters hypnosis is the most natural thing on the planet it's just any process that leads to a shift in consciousness right. The primary difference between things like self-hypnosis hypnosis and meditation is that when you're doing meditations more often than not you're in a receptive. State you're trying to receive something from a transpersonal source hypnosis uh evolved with the subconscious not the. Consciousness absolutely.

But everything you do involves your subconscious it's like that joke by emu. Phillips remember him he was a comedian or a comedian back in the early 80s he would he was very intellectual very geeky kind of. But he has this one line and it really sums up the whole conscious unconscious. Dynamic he goes you know.

I used to think brain is the most fascinating organ in the body and. Then. I realized look. Who's telling me that that.

Dynamic if you just replace brain with conscious mind versus unconscious mind you'd have pretty much the dynamic the average human being lives in you see your conscious mind as loud as it shouts and as much as it likes to think it's in control and it knows what's going on and it knows where all the problems are your conscious mind is actually the least informed and the. Last to know anything period end of story as a hypnotherapist as an energy healer as a neuro-linguistic programmer. I'll give you my pedigree in a few minutes after we get a few more bodies in here the. First thing you learn if you're going to do this work professionally is that everyone who comes into your room for treatment of any kind physical mental emotional acute or chronic the minute they tell you where the problem started they're lying to you because if they consciously knew where the problem started they wouldn't be sitting in the chair and.

So when you peel back the layers of the unconscious of the conscious mind and you talk to the bosses. I like to put it the conscious unconscious mind there's only two entities really that know where those problems started that's. God and your unconscious mind now sometimes. God takes my calls sometimes not.

But the unconscious mind is always home and he always answers or she always answers. So when you talk to the boss yes. Define meditative. State like you absolutely absolutely the problem that we have when we start talking about things like meditation which is a loaded word by the way or.

NLP is we're actually in essence talking about something else something that we don't even think about or we we just it's there it's kind of like hidden in plain sight all of these things have one thing all right. Qigong or energy work right. Qigong energy work learning creating all of these things have one thing in common the one thing that unifies all of them trance what is trans it's a shift in the perceptual filters you have in place in other words consciousness what are you paying attention to what are you not paying attention to what information is available to you and what information isn't okay. Tonight's.

Workshop is about is it titled secrets of personal transformation now it can be any kind of transformation you want whether it's uh you want to broke the. Law of. Attraction manifestation you want to attract the right. Kind of gal or guy into your life you want to learn more about becoming more spiritual more evolved all of those.

Transformations are on the table because they're all mediated by the same set of processes does that make sense right. It's trans your ability to shift your. Consciousness your set of perceptual filters the kinds of information and the breadth of information that you have access to that's what a trans state is trans. States in general hey good morning translates in general have only two components only two when you have these two components the proportions of them give what hypnotists classically call depth of.

Trance this must be one of those. Vision pulse markers because they're always dried out and they never work depth of. Trance depth of. Trance really has two things it has absorption in the experience combined with a continually narrowing.

Focus of attention to the degree that you have it you have trans okay. Now how does this all work in terms of our day-to-day experience let's go back to neuroscience you're no. Ever heard of a guy named. Paul.

Ekman raise your hands if you have if you haven't you should really study his stuff ekman's actually done a tremendous amount of man it's loud today they're all coming to get me he's giving away. Universal. Secrets let's bomb him right. By the way politically correct in uh incorrect language bothers you or offends you leave now.

Straight. Talk offends you leave now okay. I'm a no. BS kind of guy.

I like to have fun with what. I do even if. I'm approaching very serious topics when you hear me talk about things like terminal cancer or multiple sclerosis okay. They're heavy topics.

But you'll never you'll never actually beat them by being too serious seriously okay. Learn to be playful with what you do and you'll have a tremendous amount of power over your life the problem is most of us take ourselves way too freaking seriously for our own good the more serious you get the more resources you shut off okay. So we're talking about death to transfer we're talking about absorption and focus in the experience what was. I going with this anybody remember.

I open loop myself. I do that a lot you'll find which is why the questions sometimes frustrate people when they watch my. YouTube videos oh yes. Thank you.

Paul. Eckman. Paul edman wrote many books as a matter of fact. But if you've ever heard of a show called lie to me how many of you heard of that show raise your hands cool uh if you haven't go rent every season even though anything with.

Tim. Roth and it eventually gets very sick and twisted um the information and the he actman was the actual consultant for that show it's about a guy who uses facial expressions and micro expressions and. Body. Language cues to determine lives.

But a lot of people don't realize that. Eggman was one of the world's leading researchers. On. Emotion and in his book.

Emotions revealed he talks about a concept called the emotional refractory period the emotional refractory period is this behavior that your nervous system does without your permission and without your consent now when. I say the term refractory period how many people actually know what the hell. I'm talking about okay. I see two hands.

So maybe. I should reflect maybe. I should explain that right. Usually when.

I talk about a refractory period the. First thing people think about is the ejaculatory orgasmic refractory period for those who don't know what that means that means that after you have an orgasm or a climax male female really doesn't matter there's a set period of time where you can't really function again right. Kind of kind of reset yourself the emotional refractory period is a little bit different. But it has a.

Time aspect to it that we need to understand anybody here ever been in an argument with somebody kind of a generic question right. Have you ever been in an argument with somebody and you go through this knock down drag out whatever it was and you resolve the argument and. Then for the. Next 10 15 20 minutes.

However long it is anything you say to them pisses them off again everybody's going someone going welcome to the wonderful world of the emotional refractory period you see the mechanics behind the emotional refractory period is that whenever you have a shift in your emotional state or consciousness that emotional state is like a little life form that lives inside of you now this isn't metaphysics this isn't. Law of. Attraction mumbo jumbo this is neuroscience what happens literally is that the the brain the nervous system seeks to maintain a sense of equilibrium from whatever state it's in it doesn't want to change it. So what it will do for a set amount of time is it will change what you consciously pay attention to in your environment both in terms of the words people say the possible connotations of it and it will bring the aspects of the communication of the environment or the context that you're in and twist it in such a way that it reinforces or retriggers the state you're already in now as little kids we already know this partly because we come home and we want we want to do something at school we want to do something with our friends the.

First words out of our mouth is is. Mom in a good mood because we know she's in a good mood she's more likely to look. Upon our requests benevolently right. But this is how your mind works you see the conscious mind the part of you that thinks that rationalizes has no.

Concept of what reality really is all it gets is a distilled spun distorted view based on the perceptual filters percolating below the threshold of conscious awareness how many people are very spiritual raise your hands if you think you're spiritual or you believe you're spiritual cool that's all right. I'm spiritual right. How many people here want to be um what's the word. I'm looking for how many people think they're rational where are you in for a shock thank you.

But the bottom line is it hot in here because we can we get somebody to kind of crank the the. AC a little bit. James can you get. Tracy to tell florente to thank you um anybody here ever go shopping for a car it's almost more.

So than others right. Now do you ever notice now some of you may have noticed it some not. So much do you ever notice that when you go and you look. At a car and you decide what you want you know you've done the research you've picked out the color you've gone from dealership to dealership looking for the best deal on that car and that color and you.

Finally get around to buying the car right. And you're driving it home and you're happy as a clam and every mofo on the planet bought the same car on the same day what's up with that perceptual filters how many people here believe in the law of attraction okay. Law of. Attraction.

States that you will pull things into your world into your reality that are in harmony with the vibration you put out there in other words the dominant thoughts you hold attract things into your life here's the rub ladies and gentlemen your dominant thoughts are not what you think they are your dominant thoughts are the unconscious beliefs emotional surges percolating below the threshold of your conscious mind they're not the things you can volitionally pay attention to. So when you seek to do the. Law of. Attraction utilize the law of attraction you got to clean out the crap that's percolating below the conscious the firewall of the conscious mind because if you don't it's gonna it's gonna taint it's going to color it's gonna twist what you think you're getting in ways you can't possibly begin to imagine.

So when we talk about transformation we talk about. Law of. Attraction we talk about getting further in our lives or healing our bodies we're talking about a lot of the same mechanisms okay. Which is the subject of tonight's.

Workshop or play shop case maybe because. I like to have fun right. Uh. I guess we're gonna go ahead and get started because.

I'm 10 minutes into this right. My name is. David. Snyder.

I want to welcome you all to. NLP power slash all things. San. Diego.

However you came here it's because you were meant to be tonight we're going to have a lot of fun we're going to learn a lot of cool stuff my job today is to teach you how to a little bit about how to run your own brain how to run your own body because they are not in fact separate entities. I'm going to introduce you to some. Concepts today that bridge both hypnosis meditation energy healing. Neuroscience social psychology we're going to put it all together and present to you a model that you can begin to work with okay.

Now if the scope of what. I want to talk to you about and share with you is this we probably only have time for this. So my goal here is to take you as far as. I can in the time that we have and.

Then for those of you who want to go further. I'll show you where to go to get more for my edification just. So. I know kind of how to spin what's going on tonight how many people here are coaches clients energy healers raise your hands just.

So. I can see let's show things okay. Great how many people here have aspirations to be all right. How many people here just want to fix their own crap.

Then you're in the right. Place okay. Crap being a technical term which. I haven't come up with a cool acronym yet unlike s-h-i-t secret hidden influence.

Technologies all right. Let's talk about how your mind really works okay. My. Eraser.

First thing we need to talk about is identity in other words when we're talking about the law of attraction we're talking about manifesting or getting over illness we need to talk about who we are as a person and not just who we are as a person in terms of how the world sees us. But how we see us okay. Anybody here ever tried to get something done that just ran into one kind of resistance after another people here keep attracting the same into their lives over and over again right. You ladies the guy's face changes.

But the attitudes and behaviors stay the same right. You get. So far and all of a sudden the same thing happens it's just different players right. How does that happen it's because patterns repeat at the unconscious level okay.

John. Assaraf who's featured in. The. Secret says you cannot out earn or outperform anything that is in conflict with your own self-image okay.

Simple if you don't think you deserve it it's not in. Conflict if it's in conflict with who how you see who you see is yourself as how you talk to yourself how the voice is in your head talk to you how many people have a voice in their head that says nasty to them how many have more than one how many are lying all of you haven't promise you okay. Yourself images your ego right. Not necessarily an ego is a part of who you are.

I'm not going to get all. Freudian on you because he was a messed up dude you know an. NLP. Circle in.

NLP circles we call him sick man fraud. But uh you know he was a psychotherapist right. Gotta watch that because they'll come back to haunt me. But hypnotherapists are no.

Different. Hypno. The rapist most of the people make that joke or hypnotherapist right. And.

Then they don't realize that the same exact thing can be said about their profession. So. I'm an equal opportunity hater get over that the interesting thing about. The.

Human. Condition about our brains is among all. God's creatures except for maybe the. Dolphins and the whales not sure about them we are the only ones of the capacity for reflective thought we have the ability to have thoughts about our thoughts to have feelings about our feelings and it's that beautiful aspect of us that more often than not screws us up okay.

Because we can in fact have multiple uh thoughts about our thoughts that are in conflict with each other and that's usually why most people wind up in my chair because either the the identities or the self-reflections that they have are in conflict or one level of programming or learning that they've received is in conflict with another most people here have a reptile you guys know you have three brains right. Okay. You have your. Reptilian.

Brain which is the oldest part of you you have your limbic system or your mammalian brain and. Then you have the newest level of your brain which is the neocortex this is the seat of your rational and analytical functions it's also the part of you that thinks in language okay. We call it the rational lying brain because between these two parts of you and this one there's this little firewall and that firewall isn't solid it's a set of filters. But the problem that we have is that most of the behaviors we generate we generate for.

Primal reasons to satisfy a fundamental. Primal. Drive. But sometimes the desire and the willing and the urge to act on them is repugnant even to our self-image and.

So what happens is. The. Reptilian. Brain generates an emotion that forces us to take action you ever notice you don't ever take an you don't ever take an action on something [Music] to get me you never take a nap maybe.

I should change topics what do you think you ever noticed well we'll work with this as best we can you ever notice you don't really actually act on anything until you have an emotion about it right. In neuro linguistic programming we say all is there a speaker behind me or something okay. I don't. I'll just stand over here and see what happens um and all decision strategies end in a.

K in other words we have some kind of a feeling either internally or we take some kind of action externally we're going to talk a lot about your body today because when you want to do energy really powerful rapid energetic change when you want to do really powerful emotional change you got to get the body involved you can't willpower your way through things we're not built that way cover your ears can we get florante in here and see we can do about the sound system actually not too often. I'm not walking in front of anything. So. I'm not sure what's causing that is it done well it's for now.

Anyway it's a conspiracy right. It's a technician effect everything's going bad until the tech shows up and. Then you look. Like a right.

Okay. Let's talk about your identity real quick when you want to manifest something you've got to get your identity solid you've got to remove the filters that say you can't have it let's play a little game shall we. I want you all to think of something that you want to manifest in your life something that's just you know go for. Reach for the.

Stars right. Close your eyes. Good now what. I want you to do is.

I want you to imagine that there's a big picture of it floating in space somewhere out in front of you. I want you to reach out and touch that picture just. Reach. Out.

And. Touch it now take both your hands trace the edges of it. So you know frame it with your hands. So you know how big it is now as you do that here's what.

I want you to do. I want you to notice that there's a that feeling connected to that picture somewhere in your body point to where you feel it reach it and physically point to where you feel it now grab that picture with both hands and double the size of it. So it's like yeah notice what happens to the feeling now take it make it half the size thank you now make it half small again what happened yeah it's gonna go an ew somebody going great right. Now bring it back to its normal size now make it as big and as juicy as you want it to be and leave it that size for now okay.

Now open your eyes. Look. Up here. I'm gonna ask you a weird question as you were thinking about that thing you want that you were all excited about how many of you noticed in the background there was like these little icky feelings trying to poke their heads in right.

Some of you were just overwhelmed by the size of your picture. So you didn't really pay attention to anything else. But those little icky feelings they're like just little you know little nuisances that you just want to ignore those are the dominant thoughts lodged in your unconscious mind parts of you that are in conflict with that outcome okay. Your dominant thoughts are largely unconscious that's why they're dominant because if your heart only would only be when you paid attention to it you wouldn't be here very long right.

Your unconscious mind is monitoring every aspect of your life it does run your life ladies and gentlemen get over it truly get over it our job as rational beings hate that word by the way is to become progressively more self-aware to progressively open up the communication between all levels of our mind. So that information flows freely and clearly right. You're on your conscious mind is always the least informed and the. Last to know all right.

Um. So one of the things that we want to start to do the. First thing we got to do really is we have to clean up our that word that term is starting to become very popular now through our. YouTube channels and everything every now and.

Then. I get an email says you're right. We got to clean up our being a technical term by the way okay. We gotta remove the blocks we gotta remove the limitations we got to start to really go we want to run into a burning building that everybody else wants to run out of because that's what your reptile brain wants you to do the reptile brain runs towards pleasure and away from pain and if you want to stay an animal keep doing that.

But if you want to transcend yourself if you want to become more of what you're potentially capable of being. Then every time you have a polarity response towards or away from you must go into it you must explore it now when it's a pleasurable experience we don't have a problem right. Oh that feels good. I'm gonna go do that we'll explore that all day long right.

The problem is when we have a less than positive experience we just want to forget about that and move towards the pleasure well that's designed to keep you an animal. Justin animal okay. It got you here right. It got you through millions of years of evolution.

So yo what a death it's your it's one of your best friends. But if you want to tap into your potential if you want to really manifest whether it's a new car a new life a new mate whatever you've got to be willing to run into the places most people instinctively run away from. But you can't do it blind you got to have a set of techniques you got to understand the terrain that you're working with does that make sense by the way this means yes. Or this means yes.

This means no. This means. I know the answer this means. I don't what does this mean oh please don't call on me by the way if you have to.

I sometimes talk way too much sometimes if you need if if you need to go to the restroom before. I have the presence of mind to give a break just go uh if you're hungry or thirsty we have tons of coffee and chocolate in the back eat all you want tonight it's okay. Because tonight is about change and one of the fastest ways to change your neurology is through a neurotransmitter called oxytocin how many people here know what oxytocin is raise your hands if not it's also known as the cuddle hormone okay. The more cuddle hormone you have the faster your nervous system rewires itself two primary sources that you can get a lot well three primary sources you can get lots of oxytocin big long hugs lots of chocolate and orgasms now tonight's class is not about orgasms sorry guys.

But there's tremendous tremendous potential in the ability to feel absolutely ecstatic on demand for long periods of time the law the more oxytocin you put into the system the more plastic your nervous system becomes the more rapidly old ingrained thought patterns become chain become malleable they change the metaphor. I like to use everybody here know what chicken wire is that you know it's very it's easy to flex you know what chicken wire is right. Think of the nerves that run through your brain and around your brain like this chicken wire mesh lattice work right. And it's in a certain shape and the more oxytocin.

I get into that system the more it's like. I take a hot blow torch. I just kind of make it nice and soft right. And.

Then. I change the shape and. Then when the metal cools the new programming sets in that's what oxytocin does when it gets into your system okay. And.

So a lot of them a lot of the the protocols that. I teach are about teaching people how to feel really freaking good and. Then do the programming work because it has more uh natural oxytocin in it than any other substance that. I can think of.

So. I just apply you with lots of chocolate and sugar and candy and get you all excited. I have devious in my ways you have three brains everything that about your life is designed to satisfy. Primal drives the problem is that when those.

Primal drives activate many times the way we want to express them is in conflict with our socialization or our self-image okay. And. So what happens is the unconscious the reptile brain generates an emotion that causes us to take an action. But the conscious mind has to come up with a rationalization a reason for doing it that is acceptable to self and.

Society anytime you meet resistance in in any kind of change work it's because you've encountered a conflict with one of three areas in your life you ready for this this is the root of all resistance you'll ever face personal or in other people we instinctively resist anything that is in conflict with how we see ourself part two we instinctively resist any message we receive that is in conflict with how we think other people we'll see us three we instinctively resist whatever conflicts with what we know and believe to be true the example. I like to give is if. I'm a two a five-year-old kid and from the time. I was three to the time.

I was five mommy taught me that this was a square and. Then. I go to kindergarten and the teacher says. David show me a square and.

I go here teacher he goes no. David that's not a square this is a square. I go no. My mommy told me that was a triangle.

I'm it sounds really basic right. But whatever gets in. First is what becomes the standard by which all things after it are measured by your unconscious mind does not sort for right. And wrong it does not sort for true and false it sorts for what is familiar doesn't sort for good and bad one of the things about the work that.

I do a lot of times is people come to me for all kinds of things everything from how to do a backflip better to how to be more confident when they're speaking to a group. I get a disproportionate amount of ladies who come in. So please avoid getting wigged out with what. I'm about to tell you.

I cannot tell you how many times people come into me to do something better and wind up reliving a traumatic past experience that has nothing to do with the reason they came because it's driving your behaviors okay. The further back in time you go the more powerful the memories become and they become like the the filter through which we sort our reality when you have somebody who is brought into this world and they have two parents who love them deeply and they're held and they're caressed and they're told that they're loved over time because that was their. First because the word love was connected to those feelings that's what we'll sort for not because love is good okay. Or pleasurable.

But because it was their. First if you're brought into into a home or an environment where the caregivers around you the people you view is an authority remember when we come into this world we're one big freaking hard drive we do not have a sense of self that develops. Later and it makes perfect sense when you think about it how does a baby get get formed it forms as a set of cells in a body there's no. Separation there and.

So as until until about the age of five to ten is when our conscious mind has enough information to actually develop and become active. But until. Then we are who we who the people in our environment are there is no. Difference we identify with the people in the environment they become imprinted on us now those imprints don't go away you can change them don't get me wrong and otherwise we wouldn't be here right.

But they become layered with new experiences. But beneath it all are those imprints those identities that we've that actually came from outside of us and we're overlaid onto our consciousness yes. What about some of the tests they've done with genetic instincts what about them well if we're all just black hard drive. Then where's the instincts well we have genetic memory we have like.

I can tell you firsthand we have genetic memory. But the identity that we have the genetic memory just gives us a predisposition unless we do something to activate it which is a whole other can of fish. But that's a good question. I've had a train.

I actually had a transplant patient she was a type 1 diabetic and a big health nut sweet lady and uh she started to have organ failure and she had been coming to me for some some emotional issues and she had. Finally gotten on the list for a transplant and she went and had surgery and. I guess it was for a spleen and a pan and a. I think a kidney and a couple weeks after she got out of the hospital her behavior started to change she started eating hot dogs craving beer and pizza real junk food.

I mean this woman was at you know when you're type 1 diabetic you don't have a lot of leeway in terms of what you eat and. So she came in to see me and she and we did a regression and it turns out the person she got the organs from was a real garbage gut and the memory from the organs were actually interacting with her system and she was getting these cravings and these behaviors that she couldn't explain or understand weird right. But again. So when you start talking about genetic memory past lives all those things when you're a hypnotist you see it all okay.

And you see it in ways that you start to have a real open mind on certain things. But not. So not. So open that your brains drop out getting back to.

Identity your unconscious mind sorts for what's familiar if you're brought into a world where the dominant authority figures in your life say you know they do things like bang all right. And maybe you're just in the room. Next to he's talking you're talking to a spouse or whatever and the words you hear around you are. I'm a drunk he's you know you're drunk our kids are going to be drunks now you're over here playing with your blocks right.

But there's no. Filter and we model what we see if we get things like. I did that because. I love you well guess what that's what's familiar it's not about good or bad because we don't have a concept of good or bad right.

Or wrong in spite of what we consciously learn. Later how many people know people that constantly date the same kind of person right. Who's always bad for them and every time they hook. Up with someone who's a catch they find some way to screw it up bingo when we come in from the time we're conceived up through about five years of age the information that we're exposed to most of it is a.

First experience it becomes the standard by which everything else is measured familiar not familiar not good bad familiar not familiar it's only. Later as time goes on that we develop those other distinctions yes. Sir um. I've met people that like let's say you talk about females that go out with maybe have dedicated alcoholics.

But they go out with guys for years or abuses whatever and the guy was the most. I mean. I'd meet him. But.

Later on they would that abuse and in other words the the this the honorability of the mind to figure this out and you don't even know what you're really trying to avoid it it's ridiculous. I mean two years ago boy if. I wasn't alcohol and he just covered it up yeah crazy yeah we we a lot of us you know tend to become more of who we are as we get older it's kind of a weird weird saying. But thought patterns that chicken wire in our brains the more we practice certain thoughts just like building muscle in a gym the more developed those neurological connections become that's why the oxytocin process is.

So important because if we can go in and start to dissolve it to make the system more plastic more malleable. Then we can change our neurology we can change how we think okay. How many people here have had a session with me or have worked with me for an issue raise your hands just. So.

I know would you be willing to stand up and share kind of some of the things about how these experiences affected you or please go ahead. I'll give you that give me a kiss big boy okay. So just talk into the mics whatever it's just what's your name. John yes.

Oh he brought. Candy yeah um. So like for me specifically um. I was putting myself into the.

Asperger mild autism um social anxiety category and. I'll make sure what what. I'm going to say now well just tell them about some of the things that we changed like in just a couple minutes right. So um things that uh being comfortable around people um.

I this is one of the things that. I haven't been able to put into words effectively. But within moments just kind of being led to um experience and just make changes and when. I'm trying to say is uh like in the subconscious what.

I've just rearranging the way. I perceive the world in like a just like you would rearrange your the stuff in your bedroom with stuff in a warehouse um that just and. Then allowed me to just live a different life and not trip over certain things and not fall into certain pitfalls that. I had just habitually fell into is he speaking really fluently for a guy with social anxiety give him a big round of applause [Applause] below the threshold of your conscious awareness are sets of filters those filters do one of three things they delete they distort and they generalize information they're also the way you organize your experiences you all remember a few minutes ago.

I had. You. Reach. Out.

And. Touch a picture how many did that okay. How many notice that when they changed the size of the picture the feelings in their body change raise your hands if you didn't go back and do it again this is a participatory. Workshop if you don't do the drills you don't get the skills the secret to a lot of the change work that we do here is you don't have to believe it'll work.

But you do have to follow the instructions if you want the change and you have to not actively resist what we're doing right. There's there are smart guys out there and smart girls out there who are out to prove that they can't be changed well with that attitude you won't be it's your pot of poop you can stay in it if you want to right. But. I want you to do.

I want to introduce you not to metaphysics per se although many of the things. I'm about to explain to you can be thought of metaphysically. But let's think about it more from a neurological perspective those of you who don't know. I'm a licensed acupuncturist in the state of.

California. I've also have a diplomative. Oriental medicine. National and nationally accredited.

I am a. Reiki master and teacher. I've been a. Reiki master since the early 90s before.

Reiki was even cool. I'm a certified chronic healer and chronic psychotherapist. I'm a master hypnotist and hypnosis trainer. I've published over 15 different products on aspects of the.

Mind energy healing and getting clear. I'm a certified trainer through the. Society of. NLP under its founder.

Dr. Richard bandler and. I don't do windows. So what.

I'm going to share with you is not. BS it's not mumbo-jumbo. I forgot where no. No.

Fine. I'm also an 83 black belt in the martial arts certified instructor and combat. Systema tactical knife defense. Cinco mono.

Escrima small circle. Jiu. Jitsu combat our niece yes. Have some the reason that's actually relevant is because uh.

Systema specifically is a martial art that's taught to the. Special. Forces it's designed as a synthesis of mind-body techniques for learning to adapt and change in highly stressful combat situations most people don't know it though is that it has mystical. Origins it actually has its roots in hezekiaism which is a form of.

Christian this is a. Christian monastic mysticism kind of like the. Shaolin. Christian.

Shaolin. Monks right. There's a lot of. Neuroscience a lot of psychology a lot of energy and breath work there's a lot of things behind what.

I do. I'm happy to name my sources. I take credit for the synthesis not the source. I had great teachers and.

I honor and respect them all what we're going to talk about today isn't from one person or another a new model based on what we've learned your nervous system is the world's most comprehensive and. Powerful information processing system short of the universe itself that exists it has levels to it. But it's holographic in nature what do. I mean by that did you notice when.

John was standing up here that as he was describing his experience he was gesturing in different places that he was doing is making motions with his hands some of you didn't some of you were focused on his words and that's normal some of you just focused on his face how many people here have ever seen a movie like. Iron. Man. Mission.

Impossible you know my favorite scenes my scenes when they have that big virtual reality thing around him and he's opening these windows and he's moving stuff here and he's moving stuff there do you know where the inspiration for that came from you that's how your nervous system functions it's a filing system just like a desktop on your computer just like a window on your iPhone you can move. Windows around and it's really convenient isn't it bad information and the structure that organizes your experience is right. Below the threshold of your conscious awareness when. I said imagine that you can reach out and touch a picture the vast majority of you had no.

Problem even if you didn't see one and. Then the minute you started playing opening this there's no. Picture there why should there be a change because there is a picture there it's below the filters to your conscious awareness and it's your ability to go into trance that gives you the power to change that desktop to change that organization you see it's the size the color the location that determine how you process and filter your reality it's all around you and it comes out in the way you speak it comes out in the places that you gesture to it comes out in the direction your hands move when you describe an experience how many people have ever had a pain that. I took.

Away raise your hands a pain or something that. I took. Jaden stand up for a. Second how many people have seen the the uh the demo.

I did of. Jamin where. I give him an intense orgasmic experience didn't see that one it's like not sure you want to right. Describe describe the experience for you what was it like uh well you've done it times yeah giving it multiples describe the experience of the pain being taken on it yeah.

So uh one time when. I came in with the toothache. I've gotten. I've gone back from the dentist or they're doing something there's like nerve problems or challenge that.

I had up there oh. I remember that now yeah and and uh yeah you just took. It out see what he's doing altered it chained like noticed the most sub modalities of it the colors and stuff and switched it around and. Then we put it back it was all good it's all good give it a big round of applause we're gonna do that today or at least you're going to see me do it today it all goes back to this concept.

I'm relating to you called. The proprioceptive. Grid now when. I talk about those pictures and things okay.

It's a subjective projection you have a certain wiring in the brain. IT projects around us spatially how many people know what proprioception is raise your hands if you don't proprioception is really long drawn out complex scientific way of saying time and space if. I reach into my pocket and. I feel something in my pocket it's the aspect of my nervous system that knows what's in my pocket without me having to look.

At it if. I reach into my my hand there's a bunch of change. I can tell the dime from the quarter. I can tell the penny from the nickel without me having to look.

If you were to have psychic abilities if they did exist if you were to have a sixth sense it would be your proprioceptive nervous system. But it wouldn't be your. Sixth. Sense it would be your sixth seventh eighth and.

Ninth sense because there are at least six different types of nerve endings that feed information into your proprioceptive nervous system and. I hate to disappoint you. But you all have one okay. If you're a human being with a pulse you have one all right.

But all of that information that comes in through your proprioception is filtered and processed pre-consciously and it's a 360 degree awareness around you when people in the event in the. New. Age movement metaphysical. Community describe the aura what do they describe they describe a big bubble around us don't they unfortunately we talk about energetics we think of energy like this big nebulous cloud of information.

But in the world according to. David a lot of people say that yeah. I don't see it that way. I don't see it that way at all.

I think there's organization to it how do. I know this everybody think of something that happened four years ago something positive we'll keep it positive for now. Reach. Out.

And. Touch. It good go ahead do it and that means that means do it by the way it's not it's not a request now think of something that happened yesterday reach out and touch that oh how about something that's going to happen a year from now notice they're in different places why you have two sets of coding systems that your brain and your nervous system run on you have a genetically passed on one and one that is unique to you let's play a game. I want you to running on it by the way you hear me say this use this term called bucket listing okay.

When we talk about bucket listings you see the problem that most people have when they try to fix their stuff is usually they're learning a brand new technique which means they barely understand it out of the book. And. Then we instinctively when we want to get rid of stuff we pick the biggest nastiest most painful part of our life and throw this technique we barely understand at it and wonder why it doesn't always work. So.

I figured out if. I were going to do this for myself based on what. I know about the unconscious mind remember the unconscious mind every time you have an experience make sure. I close this.

Loop every time you have an experience information comes in from the outside the. First thing that happens is that information hits your critical. Factor your critical factor or rational lying. Factor the neocortex is a filter it lets in things and it keeps things out otherwise we would change every time we got new information you need that part of you the problem is sometimes the stuff that gets in gets in around that that filter and it keeps us stuck instead of letting us move forward no.

Well unconscious subconscious in my world are actually a little bit different. But in the same realm when. I say subconscious. I'm talking about that grid that's right.

Below the threshold of conscious awareness you just played with when. I talk about unconscious. I'm talking about the meat. I'm talking about the part that's running the heart that's modulating your hormonal balance they're both technically subconscious yeah.

But in my world. I make a slight distinction okay. And depending on your level of. Trance which is depth absorption and focus you can access those systems otherwise.

I couldn't do the work. I do okay. Getting back to this. So one of the things we want to do the minute we get information from our conscious mind let's say for instance that.

I get a message from the outside world that. David is in fact a flaming butt head right. So. I get this message that.

David is a flaming butt head and there's this little guy at the door there's a guy at the front door and there's a guy in the filing system and the message comes in. David you are a flaming butt head the guy goes wait a minute let me check hey has. David ever been a flaming butt head. I don't know.

I'll look. Yes. David hasn't been in fact been a flaming butt head go on in and. I get another file in my system.

I get another charge to that. I believe let's say. I get a message from the outside world. David you're a flaming butt head let me check hey has.

Dave ever been a flaming butt head now he's full of being a technical term go pound sand that's the dynamic of your conscious and unconscious minds the critical. Factor is designed to defend whatever's in there and to only accept things that match without unless you have a lot of emotion you bypass the critical factor or you have a lot of intense repetition and even. Then not. So much okay.

Yes. Was done most of it the stuff that usually causes the problem that is the the hook. That everything's connected to happen before the age of five more often than not okay. Whenever somebody comes in and they've got a chronic pain or they've got a fear and even if it's something that just manifested.

Last week when you go in and you put them in trance and you ask the unconscious mind to go back to the. First scene situation or event that has everything to do with that experience you never go to that experience 100 of the time. I've done this it's always been 98 of the time zero and five and it's not always traumatic it was just their. First and the unconscious mind found some kind of commonality that it used to connect things it's only your conscious mind that has to have things in a linear path that understand things linearly your unconscious mind doesn't if it did if it just did things that way we wouldn't be able to put two steps together we'd fall over a hardly stop meeting your unconscious mind is not a linear entity your higher mind is not a linear entity the conscious mind the analytical.

Factor evolved. Last that makes sense this means yes. Okay. So that's the dynamic of conscious unconscious or at least how we get information in.

But the other part of that equation is that when that information is accepted depending on the context and the emotional state we're in at the time that file has certain characteristics to it a size a location a shape how many people here when we started to do positive we started to tap into positive experiences how many had your picture in color raise your hands feels in color okay. How many was in black and white okay. If you don't know go back and look. Right.

And what. I want you to do is if it's not in color put it in color and notice what happens to your experience if it's small make it bigger if it's two-dimensional make it three-dimensional if there's no. Sound put sound in it notice what happens to the feelings in your body as you play with it welcome to the coding system your nervous system uses to create your experience of a memory or an event okay. If we can change that we will change how your body processes the experience okay.

Um let's see here let's take a five minute break you guys use the restroom come on back get some coffee get some chocolate.
