Title: Psychological Skills Defense Against The Dark Arts of Manipulation
File Name: Uwj7isyhPSQ.txt
Video Id: Uwj7isyhPSQ
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Uwj7isyhPSQ

E e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e hello hello hello my friends we'll be starting in just a moment make sure you got things to write on things to write with uh today's going to be a long one and uh. I got a lot of stuff. I want to cover. So.

I hope you're uh you're holding on um shout out to my veterans shout out to my new people we got a lot of administrative stuff to cover we'll get to that as quickly as possible uh we got about a minute and 30 give or take and uh if you know somebody who will benefit from this particular training by all means reach out like and share let them know we're in and we'll be starting in a few minutes and. I'll do my administrative stuff and. Then we'll get into some really. Kick-Ass content seeing about a minute take care e hello hello hello everyone.

Dr. David here how y'all doing welcome to my world won't you come on in. Welcome to our. Next installment from the secrets of human influence.

Series this is is called defense against the dark arts for the. Next two and a half to three hours. I'm going to be your host as called defense against the dark arts hold on a. Second.

I've got some uh. I've got some uh muting to do hold on a. Second sometimes things don't work out quite the way we expect are we muted or we good. Moss we good all right.

I think. I forgot to mute something on the uh on one of my feeds because. I have. I've got two different chats going by the way.

I've got my uh my people here in the zoom room with me and. Then. I have my beautiful extended family out in. YouTube land and.

I want to welcome you all. I love you all. I actually missed the freck out of you guys um. I've been.

I'm coming up a lot of you know for the. Last uh two and a half three years. I've been working very diligently on completing a. Second doctorate in.

Chinese energetic medicine. Medical chiong. Shamanism shamanistic healing things of that nature really in depth uh and a lot of training and the. Last month and a half or.

So. I have just had pardon my. French balls to the wall uh makeups and classes and things like that and. So we've been doing a lot of uh pre pre-programmed video video webinars.

I've done before and stuff like that. But you got me today in the flesh and today we're going to be delving into one of my favorite topics um all. Hogwart stuff aside it's called defense against the dark arts and this is the flip side of much of the influence technologies that. I teach um one of the things that we need to understand is that influence and the ability to influence human beings is a natural human faculty because it's a natural human faculty it has the capacity to be used for the benefit of others and the detriment of others.

So we're going to go through some very powerful and in some cases familiar techniques. But we're going to talk about it in a little different angle we're going to talk to you a little bit more about how these things are can be used ethically of course because that's what we're all about. But we're also going to talk a lot more about how these things might be used in a less than ethical way um and in some cases how they're just complete. Dark.

Side applications for the material okay. That being said uh before we get into tonight's content let's get over let's go through some administrative stuff. First and foremost um if you're used to a you know 90minut. In-N-Out webinar this is not how we do things in.

Planet. David if you're brand new to. Planet. David type your name.

First time and where you're checking in from in the chat if you're a veteran of. Planet. David type in veteran your name how long you've been in. Planet.

David um and there's a reason for that because we're we we're all here to help and grow together and. So one of the things that. I like to do is whenever possible. I like to have my veterans the people been using the.

Technologies using the techniques whenever there's a question you have that doesn't seem that that. I don't see or. I don't answer directly if people in my audience who've used the techniques to create that can uh can answer that question that's that's kind of the reason. I have those guys there.

U he because they love the content that we we put out. But also because you expect me when. I when. I come up here and.

I start teaching you things and telling you about the offers that we have and there's always offers connected with our webinars. So that's just how it is uh we're always going to give you the. Next place to go because it's not it's one thing for me to give you some powerful techniques and we're going to do that a lot today. But.

I need you you most people want to keep going they want to keep that momentum going. So my job if this is the scope of everything that there is to learn in this in the field of human influence and protecting yourself from unethical influence we've got time for this much. So my commitment my promise to you is. I will take you as far as.

I can in the time we have. I will take you as far down the influence and persuasion. Rabbit. Hole as.

I can in two or three hours and. I will point you in the direction of where to go to level up and keep that momentum and keep building on your skills is that a fair trade if you think that's a fair trade go ahead and type that's fair. I'll do that in the chat okay. Go ahead and do that now perfect there's.

Melody she's a veteran of two years. Michael veteran. YouTube follower for several years excellent. J.

G says. I don't see your face my face is right. Here never left my never left my neck all right. Uh.

I remember. I met. J. G out in.

Vegas just this. Last week yes. That's fair excellent okay. So.

First and foremost to get the most out of this webinar you need to understand my psychology you do not have to believe a single thing that. I'm about to share with you on this webinar tonight at all it it's completely belief independent what it does require you to do is the drills interact with me follow the instructions do the drills get the skills does that make sense okay. Because my my system is based on nosis it's direct experience a lot of people when you when you log on to a webinar you get pitched for 90 minutes and get teased. I'm going to give you hardcore solid actionable content that you can take out into the field right.

Tonight and start putting to work and test it for yourself that being said like like. I mentioned before. I got time for this when what we're dealing with is beyond this. So.

I'm going to take you as deep down the rabbit hole as. I can and. Then. I'll show you how to how to level up now.

First thing. I need you guys to do is a. I need you to have a pencil or pen something to write with something to write on there will this is an interactive webinar the more interactive with me you are the more power ful the influent or the influence and impact this content is going to make with you does that make sense if if you're with me. So if it makes sense type that in the chat and you're going to hear me asking you to to type things in the chat a lot because this is how.

I teach okay. I have a. PowerPoint we'll talk about powerpointing and we'll go through that all the interesting things that we have. But it's important for you to understand that my method of teaching is through interaction right.

And that being said it brings us to one of the most important things when it comes to interactive training and that is questions you're. GNA have questions. I get it you're gonna have questions about stuff. I'm not even talking about on this webinar.

So here's how you get your questions answer. First and foremost if the question is relevant to what we're talking about at a particular point in the webinar all. I want you to do is type it in the chat if. I see it and it's not going to take us down a rabbit hole.

I will answer it there is. However there's a lot of people on two different chats and who there's a lot of stuff going by really really quick there is a good chance. I will not see your your question okay. If that's the case keep asking it if.

I still don't answer it you go to plan. B veterans if you see somebody that keeps asking the same question and. I'm not seeing it or. I'm not answering it and you have experience answering that question using our.

Technologies right. Our. Technologies not not somebody else's technology right. If you have experience solving that problem or answering that question please feel free in a way that's not going to distract them from the content of tonight's training.

But answer their question okay. That's that's that's. Plan. B if that's still not good enough right.

If for some reason you want like. I was at a training the other day and um guy asked a question and. I went to help him with that question and he looked at me says. I'm asking soand.

So right. I was a little taking a back because. I'm not used to that. But the point was is that sometimes people just want my answer right.

And. So please don't take it personally or whatever if you know know if the person re asks a question. So if you want that at the end of this webinar there will be a replay. YouTube will automatically generate the webinar uh usually takes about 30 45 minutes for it to finish rendering and whatever if you go to the replay of the webinar and in the comment section below this video you type in your your your question.

I make it a practice to go back over my you when. I'm not out of town. I make it a practice to go through my. YouTube channel three four times a day looking for questions uh approving comments things of that nature if.

I see your question. I'll type you an answer okay. So that's three ways you can get your questions answered okay. That being said um let's go ahead and jump into some of today's content.

So today's today's program is called defense against the dark arts the dark arts are persuasion and manipulation now one of the things that that. I've learned in in many many years of doing this is that there basically two edges of the same. Blade the. SE the and.

So that that brings us to the. First question if we're going to begin to protect ourselves from influence how do we keep from becoming the thing we're seeking to protect ourselves against and. I think it's important for you to be very very in touch with your own sense of what constitutes ethics and values okay. We're going to talk a lot about ethics and values.

Later on in the training because that yourth ethics and your values and specifically your values are one of the most important leveraging points that an influencer can use with you and that you can use to influence other people your ethics and your values can be used very very powerfully and positively to enti to move you in the direction of the things that satisfy and fulfill you. But in the hands of someone who is more unscrupulous someone who is more mellian they can also be used to make make you run towards things that you should be running away from okay. So we're going to give you some drills. Later on in the training where you get to experience the power of your values.

So that you can understand what we're talking about. I'll give you this up front before. I start launching into a lot of more of my uh my. Foundation stuff and that is this a human being cannot have their values stimulated without feeling immense pleasure and or desire let me say that again a human being cannot have their.

Valu stimulated without either feeling immense pleasure and or desire for it that's going to be very important. Later on. I'm opening a bunch of. Loops here that.

I'm going to close throughout the training. So you're going to want to stay on until the very end. So that all those. Loops get closed and you get what you came for okay.

That being said let's talk about the structure of tonight's webinar. So you know what you're getting into the. First phase of our webinar usually lasts around 50 to 60 minutes okay. We call that the foundations phase during that 60 minutes or.

So give or take. I'm going to move you through the things you absolutely have to know and understand to be effective. I'm going to give you a bunch of te a handful of techniques that you can take right. Out into the world and start using right.

Tonight there's no. Theory here everything is provable actionable you can you can take it out and run with it that's what we do with. Planet. David we give you techniques that solve problems phase two of our webinar is our progressions phase and what we're going to do in phase two is we're going to show you the ele that the entire system the entire sequence of systems that the pieces you're learning in.

Phase. One are drawn from and we're going to show you how to get access to the rest of the system if that's where you feel you want to go if that's where your best interests lie phase three is called the customization phase phase three is where we take the content that. I had planned for tonight's webinar for tonight's training and we ask you specifically what it is you want to focus on as a group do you want to focus on overcoming resistance do you want to over focus on detecting narcissists you want to overcome focus on overcoming and reframing and belief patterns reading. Behavior detecting lies what if we could if there was one thing that you could that that would make the the entire three and a half hours or three hours that you spent on tonight's webinar worth it all what would that be and.

I want you to really really think about that as we move through the training okay. Because we're going to build on the foundations in one in level three and we're going to take the applications to an even greater level does that make sense you guys you guys with me on this yes. Or yes. As.

I like to say cool all right. Very good all right. So. First and foremost let me do my for all the new people and all people coming in from planet.

David. I have to go through the what. I call the. Dr.

David dog and pony show. So just bear with me uh while. I get through these things and. Then we're going to jump right.

Into some powerful content tonight okay. So. I'm going to go ahead and share my screen. So welcome to secrets of you influence fence against the dark arts tonight we're going to talk about how to influence and how to how to head how to read anyone and influence anyone to protect yourself from.

Evil manipulation and mind control techniques how to influence anyone to do practically anything you want without them even realizing you're doing it how to protect yourself and your loved ones from psychological attack and manipulation how to make people like love and trust you in minutes and of course how to overcome any and all resistance to your influence and perhaps most importantly stop it from being done to you and much much more more okay. So the. First thing people often ask is uh who is. Dr.

David. Snider and why should. I care well aside from my brief introduction at the beginning of today's webinar. I am in fact a doctor of acupuncture and.

Oriental medicine. I've been in private practice using hypnosis. NLP energy modalities including acupuncture and uh. TR traditional.

Chinese medicine uh since 2005 here in salana. Beach. California this is a copy of my uh my doctor from. Pacific.

College of. Oriental medicine um. I'm also authored. I've.

Al also authored over 15 different products on various forms of human influence everything from. Advanced conversational hypnosis persuasion influence dating and attraction techniques uh. Advanced relationship management skills sexuality and sexuality enhancement processes. Advanced.

Energy healing uh. We've run the gamut of if it deals with influence and it deals with the power of the mind and energy and body working together. I've got something on it or. I'm about to write something on it what you're seeing here is a copy of my.

U 2020 uh um nomination where. I was named the number one. NLP trainer in the world by global gurus. org um. I've been in the top two for the.

Last eight or nine years uh. So. I'm. I'm.

I think. I'm the only one to ever dethrown at least for a year the. Great and. Powerful.

Banner uh. But that. But there's more to it to what you're going to learn tonight than just this if this is a letter from. Global gurus stating that it is with great pleasure to announce that your training program killer influence has been chosen by global gurus and ranked as the number one best program in the world for neurolinguistic programming uh we got another letter uh for the.

Last two years the the the training you're going to get tonight is drawn from both killer influence and its sister course defense against the dark arts both of which have been named the number one. NLP training programs in the world. So you guys are literally getting the absolute best of the best there is when it comes to the application of these skills okay. And.

I didn't even know this was a was something people voted on this was completely done outside of my awareness okay. And as you can see here's a copy of our. Global gurus page this is from 2020. But we've got one for 2021 20122 uh 2023.

I'm waiting for the one for 2024. I hope we're. I hope we're named it again uh. Anyway.

I'm also a lifelong martial artist okay. I have a 10th degree black belt in okan karate fourth degree black belt. Shaolin. Kau.

Second degree black belt in. Koso kle. Ru. First degree black belt in fanu.

Ru. Jiu-Jitsu as well as a lower less than black belt ranks and other. Jiu-Jitsu. Styles.

I'm a certified instructor in combat. Systema. CCO mono. Esrea monares and.

I probably have more energy healing credentials. Then. McDonald sells hamburgers. I've been a raiki master since before raiki was cool been studying cabala since before.

Madonna ever heard of cabala. So. I'm very much a primadonna uh. I'm an advanced certified pronic healer and pronicy psychotherapist.

I'm an advanced. DNA. Theta healer. I'm trained in the bangston energy healing system and as you can see.

I'm working on my doctorate in. Chinese energetic medicine which. I should be graduating in. August.

So keep your fingers crossed and uh pray for me right. So when you see all this stuff right. The. First thing that tends to come to people's minds is what do all these things have to do with influencing human beings and protecting yourself from manipulation and and that question just down down sorry that question distills down to what do these things really have in common and it's two things.

State control and pattern recognition you see everything human beings do is based on their state in other words how are they feeling in their mind and body right. Everything human beings do is is in response to a feeling it's either a feeling they want more of or a feeling they want less of now those feelings generate patterns of behavior everything human beings do or experience has a structure to it that structure is equivalent to a pattern we have patterns of movement patterns of balance patterns of speaking patterns of thinking patterns of believing and if you have the eyes. To see and the ears to hear you can see and hear the patterns a human being is expressing and undergoing and if you have the tools as well as the awareness you can use that. So what do all the what does the all this stuff have to do with influence persuasion and psychological self-defense pretty much everything why because you have patterns you have touch points you have sore spots.

But guess what. So do the bad guys they have patterns they have processes they have touch points they have tells to use a poker term and if you understand how to listen and what to look. For you can spot these tells and flag these people before they ever ever ever have a chance to get their claws into you or as is more as is often sometimes the case to get yourself out of a situation before it becomes too bad to get yourself out of does that make sense are you guys with me on this okay. Now here's um how can.

I say. I'm gonna jump out of my. PowerPoint for just a minute because there's something. I need to.

I need to kind of bring out to you it's very easy when you start delving into this these sets of applications and and this this part of the world to for lack of better the shadow side to get very negative and to become very very fearful the purpose behind this course and and and tonight's training is not to to bring you down it's not to scare you although some people need to be scared it's to empower you is to tell you that hey these are the tools the tools don't care how they're used. But you do right. There are people who are the good. Jedi and there's or the good.

Jedi and the not. So good. Jedi right. The tools are inherently neutral.

So my job here is to teach you what the bad guys already know. So you have a fighting chance and the best part is there is nothing about anything. I'm going to teach you tonight that needs to be used in an evil malicious or malevolent way you can get everything you want in life and stay on the right. Side of the force without ever having to lie deceive coerce cheat or steal and it's it's ironic really that the name killer influence it doesn't mean killer in like kill it's killer as in cool right.

And people don't people often miss that right. But the idea here is and and the basic theory behind what we're doing in killer influence is moving through the world making everyone you meet feel ridiculously good about having encountered you showing them how to get what exactly what they want the way they want it by doing what you want to do that's how we move through the world now there's a lot of people who don't subscribe to that okay. So. I'm going to teach you about how they do things.

I'm going to teach you about how we do things. So you're prepared to do things our way and get everything you want and eliminate or avoid these people and detect when they're doing what they do does that make is that does that make sense okay. So let me go ahead and ask you a you question. So are you in fact in the right.

Place. I'm going to ask you a couple of questions. I'm going to. I'm going to ask you to go ahead and just type that's me in the chat how many of you by a show of that's me in the chat have ever been lied to anybody you ever been lied to type me in the chat right.

How many of you here have ever been fooled like intentionally misled con right. Uh coerced or manipulated into doing something that wasn't your best interest okay. How many of you thought you could trust someone and it turned out not. So much okay.

Congratulations you're a human being like all of us all of us are here for the same reasons we've all been betrayed we've all been lied to we've all been conned we've all been abandoned okay. We all have the same stories with different faces okay. People who are hurting hurt other people it's just it's just a thing humans do now how many of you put all that stuff aside how many of you here would like to hear yes. More in your life how many of you would like to be able to get the things you want or the person that you want the way that you want them in the most ethical and honest way possible anybody anybody here want that how many of you would like to stop being afraid and move through the world feeling confident and and and be able to assert yourself with power and stability does that is that something you might want to how about would you like to make more money would you like to have clients literally throwing money at you to do business with you would that be something that would be interested to you okay.

Would you like to be able to know who you can trust and who you can't would you like to be able to um cause anyone you meet to like and admire you trust you maybe even fall in love with you sometimes in as little as 20 minutes than half an hour are those things possible and if they are possible which they are by the way should people know how to do that. I think. So. I think it's important right.

If you'd like to be able to nail job interview after job interview after job interview type that's me in the chat if you'd like to be able to inspire your employees your children or your spouse to do what you want for their own good as well as yours type that's me in the chat if. You' ever thought or fantasized about being able to put the whammy on someone like a. Jedi from you know these are not the droids you're looking for go ahead and type that in the chat okay. If you answered yes.

To two or more of the questions. I've asked you. Then this is the webinar you want to be on tonight this is the webinar where all of that power and all of that ability is waiting for you if you're just ready to go after it okay. But.

I don't believe in promoting something sight unseen. So we're going to talk about the fundamentals of human influence we're going to talk about the. SE the most powerful ways that you can influence a human being. So if you stay on tonight here's what.

I'm going to get for you. I'm going to teach you the most powerful and ethical way to influence anyone to like love and. Trust even obey you in any situation or circumstance. I'm going to teach you a simple technique that will have people literally hanging on your every word that will think you're the most fascinating conversationalist they've ever met and if you're someone like me who anybody here hates small talk this is going to be the greatest thing you've ever learned okay.

If. You' like to have people salivated to do what you want them to do for their own reasons and loving you for giving them the chance to do it we're going to talk about that okay. If you'd like to learn how to control your emotions and remove resistance to your influence. So that people will more rapidly say yes.

To you even if it's something they just told you they didn't want to do and do it this is the best part do it in an ethical and honest way. Then you're in the right. Place because this is all on the to-do list for tonight okay. If you're ready to take the exact steps to go from interesting information to maximum persuasion in minimum time this is where you want to be okay.

So make sure you have caffeinated beverages something to write with something to write on. I prefer that you have something to write on rather than type on okay. Because there's certain neurological processes that we're going to be stimulating that we get at we can get to much more quickly through handwriting than we can through typing does that make sense okay. All right.

So we're and the way we're going to do some of this is we're going to talk about the secret back door into the human nervous system a technique that is. So powerful that even when people know you're doing it it still works this is the these are the most powerful words any human being can hear at any given moment and. I'm going to teach you why it works and how it works a lot of you already know it and that's okay. I teach this for a reason we're going to teach you the secrets of emotional bonding and attraction remember.

I said that your values are one of the most powerful leveraging points that you have we're going to talk about that in depth tonight okay. I want to talk about the four pillars of irresistible hypnotic influence what are those there's four of them these are four macro categor ories of influence that if you understand them you can generate compliance if not belief in any situation or circumstance. Mastery of these four pillars enables you to be effective everywhere individually they're powerful together they're. Unstoppable okay.

So and of course we talked about removing resistance we're going to teach you a very simple formula if you if that's what you guys want to learn about how to remove resistance from anyone even if that's just something if it's something they just told you that they didn't want to do and. I apologize. I just spent four day 15 days talking. So my voice may be a little horse.

I may be drinking a bit. I apologize for that in advance uh. So. Finally we're going to teach you how to take control of your life in a way that makes everyone you want do what you want and love you for does that sound like a fun does that sound like a fun way to spend your evening yes.

Or yes. As. T harveer would say right. Cool all right.

And if you guys again like. I said in part three of the webinar we'll customize it. So. I'm going to ask you guys what it is that you want to focus on for the.

Last part. But we do have to go through foundations. So the. First thing.

I want to talk about is where does this material come from and and why is it important to know that hold on a. Second let me find my my screen share. So the. First thing to understand is that the information.

I'm going to be teaching you is drawn from a program uh the original program was called. CPI. But we also teach this in killer influence and that's this is the core of it there's a seven stage formula that all of our influence techniques fall into or fall. So write these down take a screenshot of this this is something that this is your persuasion meth whenever you find yourself in a situation or circumstance where you need to influence somebody.

But you don't know what to do you follow this sequence the. First thing is know your outcome know what it is you want and how you're getting it you have to have a way to measure if you're moving towards or away from your goal and this is something we teach all of our persuasion students you'll learn it when you come to our. Next live training defense against the dark arts which is in. August um you never enter any persuasion influence situation without.

First knowing exactly what it is you want to achieve and how you're going to achieve it well not just say how you're going to achieve it it whether you're moving towards it or away from. Once you have that outlined. Then you have to figure out okay. What's state do.

I need to be in what psychoemotional state what identity state do. I need to be in to become the person that can influence the subject in the way. I need them to be. Then you're going to get.

Rapport you're going to neurologically entrain with that person or group of people we actually teach you how to get in train with whole groups of people at killer influence and uh in defense against the dark arts. So you know how to control groups jury pools you name it right. You're going to use whatever language skills you possess okay. Whatever language skills you.

So if you have. Echo technique and that's all you know that's what you use if you have none of our training at all. But you have like active listening from like you know the the helplines or whatever that's what you use right. If all you have is a.

Cheesy. Cockney accent. Then that's what you use right. The the the process is know your outcome control your state get.

Rapport use your language use those things to manage the state of the subject the person you're seeking to influence what state are they in what state do you want them to be in and how are you going to get them there right. We have. Mechanics for all of this. But this is the big picture formula this is what you follow okay.

Know your outcome control your state get. Rapport use your language manage the state of the subject jump into whatever process or mental or physical process they use to do the thing you want them to do. So if you ask somebody. So.

I'm curious how do you go about deciding to join a training and that person says well. I. I watch some of the videos and. I.

I see how. I feel about it and. Then. I call them up and um.

I ask more questions and. Then if. I get a good feeling about it. I sign up they just told me exactly what they're going to do to sign up for a seminar all.

I have to do is match it and they'll do it right. But there's even a level that's even more powerful than that and now. I often go right. To this and this is linked to their criteria and values what is it this mean it link it means it means to link what you offer to exactly what they emotionally crave and desire in a way that they recognize that they're getting everything they emotionally want and need by going for the thing you're offering them okay.

The number six is the persuasion. Bullseye guys and if you can do that with anyone you can ethically write your ticket in any situation or circumstance now. I'm going to show you. I'm going to give you some experiences of that.

I want you to have the experience. So you can start to feel what it's like. So you can decide to use it or detect when it's being used on you you see there's other people out there who know this too okay. And.

So if you're not aware of how these things work you can't detect what's being done and if you can't detect what's being done you have no. Choice as to whether to do it or not. First. Axiom of influence that you're going to learn in.

Planet. David. I'm gonna jump out of my my uh. PowerPoint for this remember this without awareness there is no.

Choice let me say that two more times. So you got it without awareness there is no. Choice what do. I mean by that anything outside of your awareness is outside of your control two more times anything outside of your awareness is outside of your control corollary to that just because you're unaware of it doesn't mean it isn't influencing you.

So my. First job as your. Mentor your guide your teacher your friend in this journey is to help you become progressively more aware once you have awareness you now have the ability to discern and to make a choice. So you're going to be as you move through the world you're going to be bombarded by one influence tool after another after another after another especially this year going into an election you're going to be hammered by every form of media and psychological attack imaginable the question becomes do you have the eyes.

To see and the ears to hear what's being done. So you can decide what influence to allow and what influence to ignore or neutralize are you guys with me. So far if you're with me type that in the chat cool is this useful has this been helpful. So far cool all right.

So here's your. First here's your. First rule. I'm.

G to give you some principles. Then. I'm going to give you some tools. I'm going to do some examples and.

I'm just going to keep doing that until it's time to transition to phase two. So here's your. First rule every single thing that human beings do is in response to a feeling it's either a feeling they want more of or a feeling they want a whole lot less of okay. Everything human beings do is moving towards what they want and away from what they don't want can take that to the bank the fastest way to change a human being's decisions and behaviors is to change their body feelings understand that the fastest way to change a human being's decisions and behaviors is to change their body feelings the fastest way to change a person's body feelings is to change yours.

First okay. How many of you have ever heard of a a woman named uh. Amy. C any of you okay.

So if you haven't. I would. I would recommend highly that you check out her book. Or her her.

Ted. Talk called. Power poses in that in that video uh. Dr.

Cudi describes some science that she read that she conducted she wanted to test the impact of certain postures on human mental and emotional states and she discovered something really interesting she discovered that when a human being held a particular pose for as little as two minutes their their corresponding psychoemotional. States changed and with the poses they were using they measured up to a 20% increase in testosterone and a 20% decrease in cortisol in other words people got more assertive more dominant more confident more outgoing and more relaxed at the same time this is an important thing to understand because the ability to control your. State under any situation or circumstance is the. Holy.

Grail if you can be in control of your own mind and body and your own emotions no. Matter what's going on around you you can influence just about anyone to do whatever you want whenever you want and you can keep yourself from having those buttons pushed on you. So. I don't have time to do the full half day of.

State control training that we do in defense against the dark arts. But. I do want to give you guys um a little primer a little taste of what that's like. So how many of you um can feel good for no.

Reason just type it in the chat if you can type yes. If you can't type no. Because you're all. GNA learn okay.

Good excellent. So here's what's going to happen when we talk about. State. Control we divide.

State. Control up into two segments you have physiological. State control and you have cognitive or valal state control most people are taught that the. Mind controls the body if you're classically trained to hypnosis or.

NLP they're going to tell you the. Mind controls the body and as we say in. NLP that's true enough to be true except functionally it doesn't. BL out that way unless you are either a highlevel meditator.

Buddhist monk. Yogi. Olympic. Athlete.

Special. Forces. Soldier or some kind of. First responder someone who's trained to function at a high level of dissociation and emotional control in.

High. Press situations if you're not one of those and even if you are those things are highly texture if you're not one of those. Then the opposite is true your physiology controls your psychology okay. So the state of your mind your body at any given moment to have the speed of your heartbeat the speed of your respiration the posture your ability to breathe the speed at which you're breathing all of those things will change the amount of bandwidth and cognitive control you have over the entire system.

So the. First thing you need to understand is if you want to be able to control yourself in any situation or circumstance you have to control your body. First posture and breathing for every psychoemotional state that you have there is a corresponding posture and breathing pattern that allows you to access it or to keep you from accessing okay. So we're about to do a drill this drill involves altering your.

State of. Consciousness using your physiology and your breathing. So if you're listening to this webinar while driving turn it off if you want to participate in the drill that's perfectly fine. But what.

I need you to do is. I need you to pull off to the side of the road find a safe place to park put the car in park put on the parking brake turn off the engine take the key out of the ignition make sure you won't be disturbed you're in a safe place and. Then get out of the car and participate with this drill if you can if you have to say no. To any of those don't do this drill.

I want you to be safe okay. That being said the rest of you what. I want you to do is. I want you to stand up for me if you would.

I'm going to guide you through a process and all. I want you to do is play be playful have as much fun as humanly possible this is the secret to being truly charismatic is being playful passionate and playfulness are the two biggest things to creating. Charisma if you can do that. Then you're going to be automatically more attractive in any situation or circumstance and people will just automatically follow your lead it's just one of those things the more relaxed and playful and passionate you are and way you more you can project that outward the more rapidly people will follow your lead and that's what we want.

So. I want you guys to stand up. I want you to close your eyes. For me right.

And don't worry about typing anything in the chat. I want you to have this experience. First. I want you to think back to a time in your life when you saw something that you really really really really really really really really really really really wanted.

I mean on a scale on a scale of 0 to 10 it had a lust factor of 27. I want you to and now. I want you to add a few parameters today. I want you to think of something and that you really wanted that and you made a plan you decided in your heart of hearts that you were going to get this thing no.

Matter what right. And you made a plan and you put that plan into operation right. And no. Matter what happened no.

Matter what got in your way you went over around through you worked that plan you were. Relentless you went for it and boom one day you woke up and you nailed it home run you got it you got the brass ring. I want you to remember that moment see what you were seeing in that moment hear what you were. Hearing in that moment smell and taste what you were smelling and tasting in that moment most importantly stand the way you were standing in that moment when you realized you won breathe the way you were breathing in that that moment and as you do that as you hold that pose.

I want you to notice that there's a place in your body where those amazing feelings start where they grow where they spread from take a moment notice where you feel it and point to it and notice that there's a color maybe even a series of colors connected to those amazing feelings just notice what color or colors that is for you we'll get back to the color in a moment. But. I want you to notice how the feelings in your body shap shift and change that color spreads all throughout your body all throughout your mind and your heart and your emotions and. I want your body to stand in that physiology of winning stand the way you're standing feel the weight of your feet and how they're placed feel how your spine is feel where your arms are in space when you were having that winning moment breathe the way you were breathing now once you've got that and it's locked in.

I want you to keep your posture exactly the same. I want you to keep your breathing exactly the same like it's set on autopilot and now while keeping your posture this way and you're breathing this way summon up what willpower you have and try to feel bad keep the posture keep the breathing try to feel bad notice what happens instead right. When you're done stop testing let go of that that attempt to try and feel bad let those feelings double in size and strength force and magnitude let it spread all throughout your mind all throughout your body now imagine a brilliant ball of that colored energy floating above your head. I want you to notice how the feelings in your body shift and change as.

With. Every. Breath. You.

Take and every beat of your heart that ball of energy begins to grow begins to expand begins to fill the entire vehicle or room from floor to ceiling from wall to wall and all points in between notice how it wraps itself around you like an amazing blanket of. Victory a cocoon a shield a suit of armor insulating you protecting you from all negativity all defeats all losses real or imagin well at the same time flooding your mind flooding your body flooding your spirit with everything it most wants everything it most needs in an infinite ever expanding and. Unlimited. Supply and when you know you've got that breath those amazing colors through your entire being let it fill you up like water fills up a bottle like fluid fills up a test tube like hot air or helium fills up a balloon anchor it in.

So fully. So completely no. Force in the universe can turn it off or take it away not even you when you realize it's true it's locked in test it try to turn it off try to take it away and notice what happens instead now when you're. SA stop testing let those good feelings flood out all throughout your mind all throughout your body open your eyes.

And type in the chat what did you experience when you when you brought up that that. Winner's physiology that. Winner's breathing pattern you held it and tried to feel bad type the type in the chat what happened. So.

J says you felt exhilaration yes. Very good feels good confident. Ellie says relation vixon says could not feel bad ah. Lisa says full satisfaction now wait a minute wait a minute.

I said hold the posture hold the breathing pattern and try to feel bad you mean you couldn't do it most people can why because your physiology controls your psychology this is a very very very important principle. So much of what you're going to learn in defense against the dark arts is based on this idea because the way. Predators manipulate you is to get you to feel bad about you okay. First they get you to feel good and.

Then they take it away and. Then they poke at your holes until once they find your weaknesses they poke at your holes if you understand this drill it starts to make you bulletproof okay. Now we have we devote at at at defense against the dark arts live we devote a whole day to this just learning how to do this and having things um you know. Then testing it right.

Uh. I just taught three days of energy training and one of the things. I taught people about was the principles of psychic attack and psychic vampirism. I taught them how to do it and.

Then. I taught them how to begin to defend themselves against it the thing you need to understand about negative feelings is that it makes you vulnerable it makes you vulnerable to manipulation because it takes your energy away it puts you on the defensive and it creates a very very predictable set of neurological filters you have to be able to take control of that state at the drop of a hat the moment you detect anything that threatens your state you need to push the button on the reset and that's what this drill helps you do posture and breathing is the most bulletproof way in any situation or circumstance that you have to take control of the situation because the moment you have control of your emotions back you have control of the rest of you you have control of your decision-making process you have control of your perceptual filters you have control of your behaviors everything comes back online. But the moment you find yourself pulled off your. Center pulled out of your state that's when the bad stuff happens okay.

So the. First thing even though we're talking about you know. I talked about the six the seven stages of influence it's also the seven stages of. Defense you've got to have.

Rock. Solid. State control because the predators of the world are experts at getting you in the state they want you in. So that you'll do what they want you to do because they're good at predicting your patterns does that make sense type in the chat now some of you were talking about some of you one of the things that happens a lot of times is what.

I call the the deer in the headlights effect when. I'm on a webinar like this okay. I have to talk faster than. I would like and because.

I'm talking to a bunch of people some people have those resources readily available other people go and it takes them a few minutes to start to to find the resources that. I just named by the time they find the resources we're into the drill and now they're trying to play catchup don't worry about that there's a replay the thing. I want you to start doing is in the moment when we're not barreling through material when you have a free moment take some time to list these things out and redo the drills okay. These are not one andone things.

I'm giving you techniques. But they're not just techniques they're drills and practices if you learn how to practice certain physiologies. So that you can drop into them on command you can be in any situation or circumstance and take instant control of that situation. I had a young man who's in my uh my my.

AMA group uh and he was he's a very introverted guy a lot of my students are actually very introverted. But they want to be social and. So he he found out that if he would hold this posture he could go up and he could have conversations he could go out in public and feel very relaxed and he discovered something by accident he discovered that when he was in this conversation with this girl he thought was really attractive he could feel his. State starting to degrade and him lapsing back into his old way of being and the moment he started to notice his physiology changing he instantly became aware of it popped back into the winter physiology and all of a sudden the lights came back on the energy shot up and he was riffing and and just in the groove with with this woman right.

Now. I said something in that little story that you guys all might have just experienced you notice. I said he was talking to this person he was doing one all of a sudden he felt his shift his. State starting to shift look.

At my body look. At what's happening how many of you noticed that when you were in your winter physiology whatever it was right. And you tried to. Marshall up your willpower and feel bad your body wanted to shift how many of you noticed that it's okay.

If you didn't this is a big deal because the only way your neur unconscious mind can access a different emotional state is if it changes your physiology if it changes your breathing or your posture if you have the awareness to hold a physiology. Then you have you remain locked in the state you choose rather than what the environment is trying to force you into are you guys are you guys following are you understanding why this is. So important okay. One of the things you're going to learn about in defense against the dark arts is what we call cognitive or volitional reframing one of the things that persuasion predators are very very good at is changing the context or reframing their argument or your your complaint.

So that it falls back on you. So we call that we we call that ability reframing and and it's based on this idea that the frame of reference in any given situation uh will determine who's the dominant who's the subordinate and a lot of people think that frames are based on the context of of what's. Happening that's actually not quite true frames are actually controlled by. Body feelings and if you can change and maintain a certain body feeling you can change a frame the reason a frame do you guys know what.

I mean when. I say frame if you know what. I mean just type. I know.

I understand in the chat okay. A frame is the meaning you assign to any interaction and your place in it a lot of people think that it's the environment that controls uh the frame and it's from a neur linguistic it's true enough to be true. But the reason that environment controls the frame is because of the feelings it generates inside of you. So if you can control your body feelings.

Then you can maintain a frame no. Matter what's going on and the person who can control the frame controls the game you understand why stay control is. First because when you have state you're running the sh right. The and it's not just the ability to hold a state state control as we.

Define it in. Planet. David is the ability to enter exit or maintain any psycho emotional state at will on demand under any situation or circumstance that's what we're teaching that's the foundation and it just keeps getting stronger and stronger and stronger the longer you do it and practice it. Okay.

But this was an important thing because without. State. Control you're you're e you're you're you're easy easy picking okay. Okay.

Um there's. So much. I. I wish.

I could just download this [ __ ] like a matrix into your head how many of you would like to learn the secret the most powerful way to get people to just hang on your every word like love and trust you and basically uh fall in love with you in as little as 20 minutes would that be something you guys want to learn about a lot of questions about image cycling this is not a class on image cycling guys okay. I. I. I appreciate the questions.

But that's really not what we're focused on this is about influence okay. So what. I'm going to share with you right. Now is one of the most powerful tiques it's one of the simplest techniques.

I teach it all the time this is called the echo technique and it is literally the back door to the human being's nervous system. So. I want to talk to you very very quickly uh. I'm going to run a little over on phase one.

So. I hope that's okay. Um. I.

I got a little bit more into. Theory than. I. I probably should have.

But. I needed to there were some some foundations that. I needed to lay. So.

First and foremost the most powerful words any human being can hear at any given moment are the ones that just came out of their mouth okay. So this is called the echo technique. I'm going to switch to my screen here. So you can see it and we're just going to go through this really really quickly.

I'm going to do a quick demo uh and. Then. I'm going to do the emotional value stuff okay. So really quick the echo technique is the best and most powerful way to communicate from one human being to another now this is primarily best done on a onetoone basis now if you do some other things.

First you can pull off the echo technique to a large group. But that takes a little bit more training and practice what happens when you use this technique is you literally force a person's neurology to pay attention strictly to you to the exclusion of everyone else if you've ever been at a party lots of noise lots of people talking you're on one side of the room and somebody way across the room mentions your name with their back to you and you turn around and hear them you just found out you just tapped into the same mechanism that's paying attention to the echo technique okay. Remember that attention is the currency of relationships when you use the echo technique it causes them to focus exclusively on you that increased. Focus allow creates increased suggestibility and openness to you it also allows you to eliminate the problem of making small talk and boring conversations.

So real quickly let me jump out of this really quick how many of you would classify yourselves as an introvert just type it in the chat me okay. Excellent how many of you have ever found yourself in a situation where you wanted to have a conversation with somebody. But couldn't find the right. Words or just ran out of things to say anybody okay.

Here's all you got to do the most powerful words any human being can hear are the ones that just came out of their mouth okay. Literally like and and here's why. I'm going to give you the quick. NLP breakdown the neurological breakdown when you create a a thought and you want to put that thought into words your brain and your nervous system starts a filtering process and once that fil once it goes through one filtering process it's moved to the.

Next process and. Then it's moved to the. Next process and it's moved to the. Next process and it's moved to the.

Next process until it. Finally comes out your mouth in the form of words okay. Now once those words hit your nervous system your nervous system has the job of trying to reconstruct what it thinks was set that's where the problem break that's where communication breaks down because what that person is intending to communicate versus what you interpret is often very very different okay. The fastest way to.

Signal sameness to get their attention focused on you like a radar is to use their exact words in the order and sequence that just came out of their mouth. So remember. I said when someone takes a thought and they want to change it into a a word it goes through filter after filter after filter after filter those filters get progressively smaller and smaller and smaller until what comes out is a little key or a little a little stream of information when a person pardon me when a person gets their very own words back that process reverses itself the words come in and all of the associations that were filtered out get re attached and. Then they get reattached and.

Then they get reattached and. Then they get reattached until all of a sudden what the person just sent out they is exactly what they got back and they feel heard they feel understood they feel validated and connected and all of a sudden the barriers to intimacy start to drop because you're signaling a very powerful message. I'm just like you. I got you.

I hear you. I understand you how many people have had the rare experience of communicating with somebody and really feeling like they totally got you like they totally were on the same page in sync approved and understood how many of you ever had that experience let me ask you something would you agree that it's rare would you agree that it's rare let me ask you this what if you could give that experience to every single person that you encounter every single person that you communicate with what if you could make them feel that way what would that do for your life and the people in it what would it do do that's literally what. I just taught you how to do the most powerful meaningful words that any human being can hear are the ones that just came out of their mouth okay. Now for the sake of time.

I'm not gonna. I'm not going to do my little martial arts sign them up demonstration. But. I'll do it in part three.

I'll pick up that that thread in part three the webinar and. Then. I'll. I'll go through all the other things you want to learn about there's another drill that.

I want us to do and this is called the emotional bonding checklist. So you remember that little diagram. I showed you right. The one with the control your state get.

Rapport use your language manage the state of the subject jump into their process bond to their. Criterion values right. That persuasion. Bull on this technique that.

I'm we're about this drill we're about to do together in the field in the field utilizes the echo technique okay. And. Then it drills deeper into a person's emotional reasons for wanting or doing anything okay. So there's two versions of this the.

First one is the version that we teach when we're doing reprogram the subconscious mind which is what we call the emotional motivation checklist how many of you have ever ever been super excited about something and. Then lost interest or or lost motivation anybody how many of you have ever saw something you emotionally wanted and needed and just moved. Heaven and. Earth get.

Okay. The reason you did both of those is because of your values what happens is when you're all fired up about something you start to see what you want and there's an emotional payoff for that okay. And you start off thinking about having that this amazing experience what happens is over time you stop focusing on the end result and you start focusing on the tasks necessary to achieve it and that's where your motivation starts to fly because you're no. Longer focused on the reward you're focused on the drudgery and.

So you start to get reactant to your own desires all you need to do to get back on track is remember what it felt like to have the goal and your motivation will come back okay. If you've ever been seen something and knew in your heart you needed to have it that tapped into your emotional needs and drivers okay. I want you to have that experience right. Now with me is that okay.

Is it okay. To do that type it in the chat if it's okay. Okay. Perfect all right.

I'm just. I'm trying to read the chats here all right. All right. So here's what we need to do for this.

Next drill. I need you to get out a piece of paper and a pen or a pencil. I'm gonna put um. I'm gonna put a check a little uh graphic on this on the screen and.

I want you guys to go ahead. I'm going to talk you through it. So. So at the top in let me let me do this.

So at the top of the sheet. I want you to write down what. I want from from. David tonight just write that question and.

Then write the answer to the question what. I want to learn from. David tonight and. Then write the that answer okay.

When you've done that type done in the chat cool oh. Greg. Cooper from. Florida welcome my friend all right.

So what. I want to learn from daavid tonight now under that answer to that question. I want you to write down what's important about that and answer that question what's important about that okay. And from here.

I'm going to go to my template. But if you have those two questions answered. Then you can do the rest of this checklist easy peasy because a lot of it's very repetitive. But you have to start off with the right.

Question what do. I want to learn from. David tonight or what do. I want to get from.

David tonight what's important about that sometimes you need to ask what's that going to do for me and. Then what's important about that. But this is a really important frame because it opens up a specific pathway in a person's value system okay. I don't want to.

I don't want to tell you all the things the ways people screw this up. So just follow my instructions the way. I'm teaching it to you and this will work powerfully for you and you'll begin to understand a little bit of the power that you're playing with now this particular technique goes right. To what we call the identification.

PR people instinctively like people who are like themselves they instinctively trust people who are like themselves when you start using the echo technique you combine it with their and linking it with their emotional values you signal a massive representation of sess to their nervous system and you're speaking their language it would be practically impossible for them to not pay attention to you okay. So if you've got it if you if you if you've done the writing and you you typed done in the chat let's go to screen share really quick okay. So this is your template we call this the emotional motivation checklist when you're doing this with yourself it's called emotional motivation when you're doing this with a customer a client a patient it's called the emotional bonding checklist okay. Because this technique is going to teach you how to systematically link what you have to offer to what your subject client.

Prospect patient partner mate lover mediator counterpart wants okay. So what do you want what and and what's it going to do for you what's important about that write that answer what's important about that now ass soon you got it ask the question again what's important about that and write your answer. So for example right. Let's say that uh what do.

I want to learn from. David tonight uh to stop being manipulated by men okay. Okay. So.

I'm curious if you were to come away from this training and you were no. Longer being manipulated by men what what's important about that what's that going to do for you um it'll keep you safe sorry that's a little small hold on a. Second just do this okay. And.

So if you if you came away from this seminar with the ability to stop being manipulated by men. So you could stay safe ultimately if you could stay safe what's important to you about that what's that going to do for you it would allow me to feel free and if you. Finally got that sense of freedom because you were able to to stop being manipulated by men and. I was you able to stay safe and you you were able to feel that to feel free what ultimately what's about what's important about that.

I could be happy sorry for the small type guys not hip hop happy. So did you see what. I did here. I started off with a basic what's what do.

I want assume. I got it what's important to us about getting it if. I got that what's that going to do for me or what's important about that right. And you just keep drilling down until you get two or three levels.

So. I go from free to happy right. Usually three levels is about what the average person goes goes through. So here's what.

I want you guys to do okay. I want you to do this process what do. I want to learn from. David tonight what's that going to do for me what's important about that now that.

I've got that what's important about that now that. I've got that what's important about that now if you're doing this properly here's a secret write the. First thing that pops into your head verbatim in other words in the order and sequence that it came out don't edit it at all whatever comes up write it down as close to verbatim as you can don't edit okay. Do not edit that's actually one of the most the worst things you can do when you're with a client is edit the words they use you'll literally see the lights go off okay.

When you've done that you've got three levels deep what's important about and you have those answers type done in the chat done done done okay. All right. Here's part two this is is where it gets fun again if you're driving don't do this if you're driving don't do this. I want you to take your sheet.

I want you to check in with your body right. Now notice how you're feeling right. Now okay. I want you to hold this up at about a 45 degree angle if you want to hold it at lower at a 45 degree angle you can do that too really depends on if you're visual or kinesthetic right.

If you want to really feel things strongly hold it here if you want to visualize things strongly hold it here okay. What. I want you to do now is. I want you to read only the answers to the what's important about question five times out loud.

So check in with your body read the an only the answers to your questions five times out loud and when you've done that type done in the chat guys are fast okay. When you're done what changed type in the chat what changed for you guys when you did that exercise if you're still doing it keep going. Lisa is done you're you're our winner. Lisa what was.

So tell me when you when you when you did that exercise when you when you read the answers only the answers to your questions five times out loud what happened clear thinking process okay. Everybody else is still uh is still shouting rat says. I have to sharpen my crayon by the way little fun fact toy um once you're done turn the turn the paper over and feel the back of it notice how deep the writing is notice how much how deep an impression you made on the on the paper. So hold on a.

Second here. So. JZ. G says.

I'm more interested in learning very good compared to how you started where's your state now. J. Jia. Singh says it's as if.

I have the power to actually change things well you do. Nancy says done feel stronger. Aram says. Dr.

David that's a different question uh. Nancy wilop says yes. Okay. Very good.

Focus positive right. Did you notice an emotional change yes. Or yes. Did you notice a change in your emotions right.

Now you should have noticed an emotional shift each time you drilled down you should have noticed your emotions getting more personal more intimate more deep right. And when you spoke them out loud it activated your nervous system true or not true true or not true some of you are still doing it you're like what just happened right. Now think about this that was less than three minutes of an exercise what if you could do this with every single person that you encounter get them all fired up like this what would that do for you you could what if you could get a client. So fired up about working with you because they're getting emotionally fed the things they most want what if you could sort for a partner whose values and emotional needs matched yours completely or even more importantly figuring out that their emotional needs are way different than yours and it's not a fit you understand what this is about this is why you need to understand emotional bonding because if you don't understand emotional bonding it can be used against you we don't want that we want it we want you to use it ethically and honestly we want you to use it for yourself for your clients for your patients for your partners and everyone that matters.

But we also want you to be protected. Diamond. Thief says it would make me more money. I don't know if.

I want to teach defense against the dark arts to someone named. Diamond. Thief that's kind of it's kind of crazy all right. We have we have spy.

Master we have. Diamond. Thief we have mystery we have all kinds of crazy names on here all right. So the emotional bonding checklist and that that basic drill the what's important about how do you know sequence that literally opens up.

Pandora's. Box it allows you to step into anybody's emotional. World find out what's most valuable to them and connect everything that you want to exactly what they offer in a way that they recognize that you're getting it was this was this useful was this powerful yes. Or yes.

Okay. Cool now at the beginning of today's webinar. I asked you basically. I told you.

I would take you as far as. I can at the time that. I had. I would point you in the direction of where to go to level up we good with that cool.

So for this. Next part for phase two. I'm going to go through a program a set of programs we put together to help you get the access to the entire system when we're finished with phase two we're going to pick up with phase three and we're going to build on the foundations that we've laid in this part of the webinar and we're going to customize the content to exactly what you folks as a group want to learn most about. I've got literally 200 pages of notes that.

I could teach you from. So let's get started that being said with your permission. I'd like to share with you some opportunities that we put together and this is uh the secrets of human influence um human influence home study course pardon my uhu pardon my voice it's uh been a long day. So the secret of human influence course is all about teaching you systematically how to take control of your life how to take get to the.

Next level ethically and honestly well at the same time teaching you how to keep your life safe from the people who want to steal your money steal your time. Steal. Your. Love steal you know your your children's future whatever that is right.

Remember that the tools of influence are inherently neutral. But you need to have a very powerful clear discernable way to get everything that you want in your life and protect it from people who want to take it away and that's what this is about. So it's all about making more money and keeping it it's about closing more deals ethically and honestly it's about getting more dates dates that are fulfilling and fun for both parties it's about helping more people helping you get the life you want the way you want it and finding out what other people want. So that you can help them get that life it's about learning how to feel more confident and.

Powerful in yourself if life were a game it's about winning the game of life and on a way you're going to become more. Charming charismatic and irresistible it's just part of the program it can't not happen okay. Everything. I put together is perfectly worth it at full price.

But for today and today only you're going to get a very special uh offer it's good until tonight at 11:59. PM. I should remind you that this is an offer for firsttime buyers only if you've seen this webinar before have you seen versions of it and you've bought one of our webinar packages in the past we do have special pricing available for you. So by all means you can reach out to.

Moss or. Mia uh you can reach. Moss at 858 282 4663 or you can me. Mia directly through the chats or uh.

Mia at. NLP power.com they're going to post their contact information for you. So let's jump into this this offer is good until 11:59 p.m. tonight it's. July 30th.

So let's jump in. So. First and foremost the secrets of human influence program is all about learning how to think like a master of influence one of the things that's hardest for people to really wrap their heads around is that influencers whether you're one of the good guys or not one of the good guys you you guys tend to think differently than the average human we're going to show you how those thought processes work and how you can adopt them for yourself. So that you can approach any situation or circumstance with the ideal mindset stay control and goals goals in place it's a $297 value we're going to teach you how to control your own psycho emotional state.

So that no. One else can push your buttons ever again doesn't mean you won't be taken by surprise what it does mean is that even if they take you by surprise within seconds you'll be back on the top of your game able to deal with whatever comes at you guaranteed it's a $297 value. But it's. Priceless because.

St and if there is a. Jedi skill in. Planet. David it's stay control.

I have high level personal injury attorneys who put the whammies on judges juries um they wouldn they they literally win the the case in jury selection it's insane what these people can do once you've m the basic state control processes we're going to teach you. Power report skills in. NLP they talk about pacing and leading and matching and mirroring we go way beyond that in what we do there's three levels of. Rapport that we teach in the power.

Rapport module the. First is classical report that everybody learns the. Second two are kind of secret one is called uh neurological entrainment or uh coherence and this is based on uh the science done by heartmath.org where you literally have heartbeats synchronizing thoughts traveling back and forth the. Third is called vibing vibing is the level of.

Rapport and the type of. Rapport that you need for attraction and. Charisma applications classic. Rapport and even to a certain degree coherence will get you a deep level bond in connection with a person.

But it won't necessarily generate. Charisma the vibing level is where you can start to generate very powerful romantic and um charismatic attraction in people. So we teach you step by step how to do each of these three types of. Rapport and.

Then we put you in situations where you get to do it one-onone and. Then you learn how to put the whammy on whole groups of people at the same time in a testable way okay. Then we're going to teach you how to project and. Link with another person's nervous system and send emotions into them back and forth right.

And and we'll show you how to make people sway and rock and do all kinds of crazy things through the process of mirror neuron entrainment that's what power. Rapport is all about we're going to teach you step by step how to do that. So you can do it anytime anywhere under any circumstance we're going to teach you the most powerful hypnotic language patterns that exist okay. Their one language pattern will allow you to make anything you want cause anything you want in the minds of your listener we're going to teach you how to make anything you want mean anything you want in the mind of your listener even if those things have absolutely nothing in common the most powerful language pattern literally allows you to direct a person's focus of attention to exactly what you desire and ignore everything else to literally separate their conscious mind from their unconscious mind and have it run specific processes while the conscious mind just watches it happen okay.

I'. I've taught you this in in different formats you've seen me do it in many different situations and circumstances and it works even if the person hearing it knows what you're doing and is trying to resist it okay. That's only four of the three of the language patterns. I've talked about there's seven that we're going to teach you.

I'm going to let the rest a surprise. But. I'll give you one more just for fun what if you could make a person's internal mind movies into exactly what you want them to be whenever you want them to be it with zero chance of mismatching with zero chance of failure that's what language pattern number four is going to allow you to do these language patterns are such fundamental building blocks of a person's neurological processes they can't hear them without being affected by them conversely every [ __ ] they have will be reflected in their speech patterns use and once you understand these patterns you'll be able to recognize this in their process and use it more effectively in combination with the echo technique to get exactly what you want whenever you want it best part is though you'll be. So aware of it that when other people do it to you you'll be able to detect it and choose to do something different if that's what you want to do okay.

We're going to teach you step by step how to manage the emot states of other people okay. Remember. I said you got to control your state you got to get. Rapport you got to use your language you got to use those to manage the emotional states of the person you're seeking to influence we're going to teach you step by step by step the simple formulas for doing exactly that it's fast it's effective and it's completely and totally ethical and honest you'll never have to lie cheat coers misrepresent or anything that might be flagged as intentionally deceptive or coercive it's it's the most powerful ethical and desirable way for one human being to influence another human being we're going to teach you how to hijack somebody's special behavior code right.

Everybody has filters and and patterns that they go through when they choose to do something if you have the eyes. To see and the ears to hear you can identify those patterns put them into your communication and they will respond to you um twice or three times more powerfully than they would normally it's a. Major. Force multiplier you don't have to use it.

But it's important to up your awareness. So that you understand that this is a level of influence and persuasion and communication that's out there. So you can at least stop it from being done to you or become aware of it when it is okay. If you remember if you can't use it you can't fight it okay.

So like. I'm a self-defense instructor. First and one of the things my teachers taught me very very early on is you never teach someone how to defend against a weapon until you. First taught them how to fight with the weapon.

I'm going to teach you how to use these things. So you can use them in the proper way and you can protect yourself when the situation calls for it. I'm going to teach you how to elicit an emotionally bond to anyone's deepest desires to ethically and honestly get them to do what you want them to do more importantly you're going to learn how to recognize when it's being done. So you can become aware of it when other people are doing it to you okay.

Awareness is is your. First and best line of defense total value on this is $2,497. But we're. But there's more.

I'm gonna hold on let me make this a little bit smaller because it's going off my screen okay. So if you act right. Now you're going to get these extra special bonuses to help round out this particular program you're going to get the original defense against the dark arts video home study course this is a course that teaches you all the techniques of counter manipulation that you absolutely abolutely need to know it's going to teach you step by step by step hold on a. Second let me find my little laundry list of things here um it's going to teach you how to identify narcissists and sociopaths and machiavellians.

So you can keep them from getting their hooks into your life it's going to teach you how to recognize and deal with. Psychopaths it's a little bit more rare than the sociopaths and the narcissist. But about 4% of the current population is by definition psychopath or sociopathic and or. Psych.

Psychopathic. So we're going to discover how to recognize these cold calculated actions and of and uh because they hide behind a facade of normaly we're going to teach you how to identify manipulation tactics like gaslighting and guilt tripping love bombing and future faking right. We're going to teach you about projection and blame shifting all the tactics that these bad guys use to to avoid taking responsibility for their actions and to position you and control your state. So that you make decisions that are not in your best interests and you cave your frame and and do what these people want to do we're going to teach you special emotional resilience techniques for setting boundaries becoming more assertive practical strategies and techniques for creating more mindful communication one of the things that we actually do alongside micro expression training which is how to read the face in ways most people never learn is we're going to teach you how to be one of these these evildoers and roleplay that and have you guys go back and forth.

So you can actually learn how to use these tactics toep protect yourself against these tactics it's one of the most important ways to get a a snapshot inside the minds of these people. So that you can predict what they're going to do and counter them before they have a chance to do it we'll teach you special reframing techniques how to win arguments overcome objections and eliminating limiting beliefs from your mind and your life that cause you to behave in ways that are um make you vulnerable we'll talk about victimology how these people systematically uh select their targets and their victims. So you can take yourself off the menu and take your loved ones off the menu as well okay. Total.

P total package value on this is 1,997 we're going to give this to you absolutely free if you grab your package today total combined value on this is $4,495. But we're not done yet we got other stuff remember. I talked about reframing let me ask you a question what if let's take a trip for me for a moment think about everything you want from tonight's webinar what if you had the ability to take every single limiting belief that's ever held you back and in 30 seconds or less literally literally change it to anything you want what if you could take any sales objection you encountered with a client and overcome it instantly what if you could take any argument you're in and instantly win what if you could take any excuse a person has for not doing something and in 30 seconds or less completely change it to whatever you want it to be think about the possibilities that's what. Renegade reframing is designed to do many many years ago a man by the name of.

Robert delps was was observing how. Richard bandler would. Spar verbally with a lot of his high level students and practitioners and he discovered 14 different patterns of of speaking or thought that. Richard was using to just put the whammy on these people right.

And he he organized those into a program he called slide of mouth unfortunately for most people. Richard is a. Robert is a very very intelligent guy and when he wrote he wrote for super super super super super super academic intellectual people and a lot of people couldn't figure out how to make this stuff work. I sat back and.

I said okay. How can. I make this. So easy anyone can use it how could.

I make this fun to learn and. I created the. Renegade reframing program this is a program that will teach you the 14 of the most powerful mind changing techniques ever devised techniques that are powerful by themselves. But when you string them together in sequences will literally put the whammy on anyone in any situation or circumstance and change any belief to whatever you want or create leverage right.

It's really really powerful okay. And it comes with a card game we call it the reframe game that you can play uh we we're we thought about turning it into a drinking game where you literally. State a limiting belief objection or argument and the person throws out a reframe card and you have to use that reframe card to overcome it and if you get it. Then you get to take a turn or you have to drink right.

Uh comes with a complete manual full videos it's $1,997 value okay. And uh it will completely round out and change uh your life and when. I was teaching this to my uh my. Mastery students.

I literally had them write down on a piece of paper every limiting belief that they had and. I had them systematically as. I as. I taught them each reframe pattern.

I had them use that reframe on the limiting belief and by the time they were done they could not go back to believing any of the things they used to believe now think about this for a moment what if for every limiting belief or objection or argument you encountered you had 14 different answers 14 different ways to change it to something you wanted instead what would your life be like what could you do with that okay. That's what this is all about right. If you have this and you come to defense against the dark arts you're going to be. So empowered to make change in yourself and to protect yourself and to win in your business in your in your personal and romantic life the whole nine yards uh you again you won't believe it and let's and the.

Next on our list this is for people who um. I'm curious how many coaches and uh people who speak or do any kind of presentation do we have on the chat okay. If you do any kind of public speaking or presentation this course will take your skills set to the. Next level.

Charisma conversion is the specific way that we leverage everything we learn in the secrets of human influence and killer influence training the defense against the dark. Arch training and we teach you how to do it from the stage to a group of people. So this is all about. Mass influence.

Mass control for lack of a better word it's going to teach you how to systematically present in such a way that people are hanging on your every word they emotionally bond to exactly what you're offering how to tell compelling and irresistible hypnotic stories how to use spatial anchoring 14 different verbal and linguistic patterns if. You' ever seen guys like. Tony. Robbins or t harveer have people scrambling to the back of the stage to get their offers this is going to show you step by step by step exactly how it's done how you can do it for your own business.

But most importantly it'll teach you how to recognize when it's being done. So you can say no. So you have a choice rather than being swept up in the emotion swept up in the group think swept up in the hypnotic commands and confusion inductions and all the things that they're stacking onto you it's going to teach it's going to pull back the curtain on that entire process and give you a snapshot into how it works. So you can a prepare yourself to make better decisions.

But also in the way that's right. For you use those same skills to ethically and honestly build your business okay. Um. I don't teach this one very often uh this one.

I. I think we taught in 2021 um it was really powerful there are two forms of persuasion architecture in this training we have a specific format that we teach you for creating talk talks for small groups and we have one for larger groups um and it's really really powerful we teach you how to leverage your content how to create clips and and how to find uh. High click. YouTube uh titles and things of that nature and how.

I leveraged and built my business through through meetup.com specifically comes with a full manual and everything you need to build your business with the short with the with the least amount of monetary investment as possible one of the things. I've been telling my students for many many years is the most ethical and honest and lowcost way to build your business is through public speaking it's for getting up in front of a group of people saying. I have a. I can solve this problem let me show you how and just demonstrating your skills and giving people an opportunity just like.

I'm giving you an opportunity to raise your hand click the links and run to the back of the room and sign up for the service right. It's exact. I'm. I'm teaching exact.

I'm doing exactly what. I'm going to be teaching you in this program right. So if you want to use webinars if you want to use live streams if you want to do inperson group events if you're going to speak on other people's stages if you're going to be podcast this is the information you absolutely have to have that is persuasion and influence oriented it's not about how to hold the camera or how to do lighting it is about how to hold a microphone though. So if you're ever hold a microphone uh you're going to learn about sound systems and things of that nature it's a $1,997 value we're going to give this to you free okay.

Okay. So uh toal total combined value on this package is $848. But. So review.

So you're going to get the secrets of un influence home study course which is a version of our killer influence protocol which is the number one. NLP training program in the world 17 videos it has all the things. I talked about and a whole lot more things on social hypnotic operators proprioceptive influence meta programs and how to use them to predict. Behavior lie detection 90c personality profiling um spatial hypnotic operators attractivity hypnotic operators.

Authority hypnotic operators the. Fantastic. Four attraction. Authority attractivity acquiescence.

Affinity these are the four macro pillars we talk a little bit about those in part three of tonight's webinar right. There's. So much there's. So much meat in that in that basic course and.

Then we're. GNA on top of that we're going to give you the defense against the dark arts home study program the counter manipulation and influence techniques that will set you apart in protect you and your loved ones from having things taken from you abused molested or manipulated we'll talk about high level behavioral profiling techniques it's a $1,997 value will teach you. Renegade reframing how to instantly overcome any objection or change any belief in seconds $1,997 value we're going to give that to you free you're going to get the. Charisma and conversion hypnotic presentation skills for public speakers $1,997 our value we're going to give that to you free okay.

Total combined value if you did the math and. I did the math. Seth. So you know it's right.

8,00 488 if you were to buy them on the website. But you don't have to get them on the website today. I want you to be ready. I want you to level up.

I want you to take the. Next step because you know you need it not because. I say. So get the best deal humanly possible.

So you're not going to have to pay 8,488 bucks or 6481 or 5347 heck. I'm not even going to make you pay 3347 or 2347 that's even less than just the secrets of human influence program for those of you who are ready to level up. I'm make this as easy as. I.

I possibly can right. All you got to do you can get it all for one low installment of just 9.97 and if you need a little help pick up the phone you can break that up into three easy installments of just 397 each right. 397 gets you everything. I've talked about and all you got to do to get yours is go to www. killer influence.com slgo www. killer influence .g okay.

But. I'm not done yet now a lot of you guys you know say this sounds great. David. But can you really do everything it said prove me wrong try the program for 60 days if after 60 days you're not on the fast track to making more money and closing more deals if you're not reaching your financial goals moving towards them if if you're not inherently feeling more secure more confident winning social encounters becoming more irresistible if you don't feel like you're getting the value that we promised and by the way.

I've under promised what this thing is going to do for you if you're not a if after if on day 59 you are not 100% satisfied if you can't make this stuff work pick up the phone call. MOS. Mia we'll give you a full refund you have. Absolut no.

Risk whatsoever. But think about what this could do for your life think about what would happen if everybody started saying yes. If you could avoid the. Liars the cheaters the the misogynists the the the evildoers with this with the the same evildoer with a different face every time what would your life be like if you could.

Finally be free and safe and empowered and happy try it test it if it doesn't work you get your money back you can even keep the courses that you download okay. Don't believe me just click the link and do it ww just click the link www. killer influence.com slgo that's www. killer influence.com slgo you just uh can we uh put a link or two for our. YouTubers hold on. Second let me do this for you guys really quick that didn't work all right.

This is for my. YouTubers because. I love you give me one. Second okay.

All right. But there's more guys. So click that link right. Now if you have questions moss and.

Mia are standing by. Mia is available through the chat and through uh email. Moss is available on the customer service line 858 282 4663 if you call keep in mind that people are the phones are already ringing keep in mind that you may get the voicemail if you get the voicemail please please please leave your name and your phone number and make sure you leave your contact information if you leave your contact information you will qualify for any and all bonuses. I'm going to be talking about or have talked about if you call and you do not leave your contact information and you call back after the deadline you will not qualify for any extra bonuses or or things of that nature.

So please please please call now if you need again and don't tell us your life story right. We love you and and we understand that there's a place for that if you have questions about the if you have if you've bought one of these programs in the past right. Remember this is a. First time uh buyers opportunity.

So remember also we have uh alternate pricing for people who bought similar programs in the past if you've bought packages in the past. But it it's slightly different from this one and you don't want to duplicate we can customize your package for you. So you can talk to. Moss about that stuff and you have 59 days uh to uh to test it and if you like it keep it if not let us know and we'll we'll refund your money.

So if that wasn't enough guys grab your course before. July 30th 2024 11:59. PM. I'm also going to throw in the following special bonuses you're also going to get three-month trial membership to our.

NLB power. Mastermind mentoring program this is a actually 13 years now. So and uh we've been running this program since. October of 20 10 we videotaped every single session and have archived it on the.

NLP power website on our you our special members only. YouTube channel as well as our members only. Facebook. Group and as a a.

Bonafide member you have full access to the entire for 13-year video archive you can binge watch stuff to your heart's content okay. And it's stuff that's never seen the light of day on. YouTube stuff that's never seen never been a product uh and the way the. Mastermind works is on the.

Third. Saturday of every month we all get together. I come around and. I say okay.

Rhino. What do you want to learn. Matthew what do you want to learn. Seth what do you want to learn hlly what do you want to learn and.

I write those things down. David what do you want to learn. Christine what do you want to learn. Cynthia what do you want to learn.

Renee what do you want to learn and. I write those things down on the board and. I'd step back and. I look.

At them and. I see where they. I. I look.

At all the. Connecting. Threads where they all kind of cross over and and and uh match up. I create a lesson plan on the spot and for the.

Next four to six hours. I drill you guys on those skills specifically until you can do them in your sleep you won't get a certificate from the. NLP power. Mastermind mentoring program what you will get is practice feedback a community of people just like you who want to do the things you said you want to do okay.

At the end of of the 90 days if you're happy and you want to keep going let us know we'll show you how to extend your membership at the end of 90 days you got what you came for you're happy you're satisfied you move out into the world and get everything you want because you're trained to do it right. Remember the the magic that makes everything go it's not access to the information it's the ability to apply the information you only get that by rolling up your sleeves doing the drills and getting the skills and that's what the. NLP power. Mastermind maning.

Mastermind mentoring program is designed to do it's a 1, $590 value we're going to give this to you free why because we love you because we want you to be successful because we want you to take the information in the courses we want you to be surrounded by people who are doing and pro and and practicing the same things and getting the support and and have a support system in place. So that you get what you need to become the person you want to be that's what the community is about that's what planet. David is all about it's about empowerment it's about. Community it's about practical application solving problems and making your world everything you want it to be okay.

Total combined value if you did the math on this is $1,859 be hypnotizing people tomorrow or even sooner it's the fast track to learning how to deploy the maximum amount of hypnotic skills in minimum time it has videos on the most powerful hypnotic language patterns how to tap into people's hypnotic hot buttons and emotional drivers that make them want to do what you want them to do it comes with transcripts videos workbooks uh two videos on conversational language patterns one video on um instant and. Rapid hypnotic inductions uh two video. I think one or two videos on uh anchors or hypnotic anchoring and there's some extra bonus videos in there as well um it's a really powerful program it comes down with downloadable. MP3 audios you can listen.

I recommend you don't listen to them while they're driving because they're full of hypnotic language. But if you like the person who likes to listen to podcast and take notes this is this is a a full multimedia course total value on this is $997 we're going to give this to you free because we want you to act we want you to get started and we want you to have the the biggest bang for your buck the fast faster you get started and see the winds the more rapidly you're going to be excited about using these programs over and over and over again and the deeper and faster you're going to go and the more of a better life you're going to have it just works that way okay. Total combined value on this is $1,082 and because. I am a big proponent of this for the.

Next 21 people to click that link now and raise their hand. I'm going to give you guys a very very special present firsttime buyers only. I'm going to give you a free. VIP ticket to our.

Next killer influence secrets of covert hypnosis and defense against the dark arts training you heard it right. Folks. I'm. G to teach you systematically how to influence people to do anything you want and.

I'm going to give you the skills to be able to spot predators and put them in their put them on their heels or completely neutralize their influence in your life we're going to teach you rock solid state control. Secrets how to master the empathic superpowers that let you create and command any emotional state at will how to harness that energy to subtly rewire the. Neurology of other people and make them see the world exactly as you want them to how to dive into advanced methods of. Rapport and unconscious neurological bonding that is.

So profound others can't help. But respond to your influence this is cuttingedge neuroscience stuff or poor building that no. One else is teaching we're going to teach you irresistible emotional bonding skills that instill a deep-seated drive in others to fulfill your desires making them feel compelled to act in your favor for their personal reasons this is the influence at its most. Unstoppable we're going to teach you the four pillars of hypnotic control we're going to cover a little bit of that today discover the key elements that make people not just want to obey you.

But feel an overwhelming need to obey you while experiencing discomfort if they don't right. Again remember. I said people can't have their emotions stimulated without feeling desire and and pleasure they can't have their values violated without feeling emotional pain when you understand how to work and and and and influence people on the values level people will always want to do what you want them to do and you never have to lie to them that's what's beautiful about it we're to teach you how to cold read and profile people. So you can learn how to read people like an open book.

Instantly know what motivates them and how to leverage this knowledge for maximum compliance in minimum time we're going to teach you the secrets of social hypnosis how to unlock hidden triggers and behaviors embedded within. Society learn how to activate these. Ultra hypnotic cues in others and protect yourself from their influence okay. We're going to teach you proxemic hypnotic operators how to master the art of spatial suggestion discover how you position in a room can subtly shift others perceptions and influence their actions and place adversaries in positions of weakness remember a lot of the the frames that you'll find yourself in are based on the the environment that you're in and the body feelings that you have there's an interplay between those two forces and when you can engineer that you can truly begin to write your own ticket we're going to teach you systematically how to do these things and.

Def detect these things and protect against these things and. So much more. I've really just touched a tiny tiny piece of what's going to happen in killer influence dark events against the dark arts 2024 live here in. San.

Diego it's. August 6th through the 10th it's $3,150 value at the door for the. Next 21 people who register. I'm going to give you a free.

VIP ticket to this event here in. San. Diego now if uh the way our. VIP tickets work is if for some reason you can't make the training you just let.

Moss or. M and know they'll move you to the. Next kill killer influence or defense against the dark arts training if uh this the event fills up and we're full. But you have one of these.

VIP tickets and you still want to come we'll make a seat for you if you want to gift that. VIP ticket to someone else who you think can benefit from we'll teach you we we'll let you transfer that to somebody else okay. This you have this if you qualify for this ticket which means you click that link right. Now right.

If you qualify for this ticket you're one of the. Next 21 people right. To click that link. Then once you're in our database as a.

VIP ticket holder that ticket is yours and it's good until you use it. So if it takes you 10 years to get to a. David. Snider event well that tiet you're in our database it's good if the price goes up you don't pay a dime if the um you know if something happens at the.

Last minute and you can't come we'll move you to another train right. So you're protected no. Matter what happens as long as you're a. VIP ticket holder you get to come to an event okay.

Um see set is is that shed shed or. NATO um yes. There is this is a certification track okay. So if you if you're worried about certification yes.

This comes with a covert hypnotic influence certification. I'm not sure if you want to hang that on your wall. But uh. But it does come with a cert a cert certificate as a practitioner okay.

So uh again the the. VIP ticket is good for the. Next 21 people to register before. I log off the webinar.

Guys these fast action bonuses are fast action bonuses for a reason the moment. I log off the webinar. The. Mastermind mentoring program goes away the stealth hypnosis instant conversation the crash course goes away and the killer influence 2024 goes away.

So if you want access to five days of. Hands-On small group training with me click this link right. Now because it will never be more accessible than this if you have a. VIP ticket and you want to use it towards this event you need to reach out and let.

Moss know. ASAP because the room only holds about 20 people the event where. I had the the contract set up they had a water leak in their main ballroom and. So we can't use their big.

Ballroom. So. I'm limited to like 20 to 25 people for this and we have about seven or eight people already registered. So.

I'm already into the. Overflow. Mark. So if you want to get in when would now be a good time to click that link okay.

Grab the ticket get in the class get the skills and get the life you want the way you want it it's it doesn't get any simpler and. So it's it's 9.97 for everything. I've described the total value is $1,232 to if you added up all the things. I've just talked about $1,232 in value hardcore lifechanging techniques and technologies that will change everything about your life for the better for just one low installment of 997 or three easy installments of 3.97 each.

So just to to review you're going to get the secrets of human influence home study course the big 214 page manual $2,497 value you're going to get defense against the dark arts $1,997 value we're going to give that to you free you're going to get. Renegade reframing $1,997 value we're going to give that to you free you're going to get pisman conversion $1,997 value home study course you're going to get it for free you're going to get the. NLP power. Mastermind mentoring program and access to the.

AR it's a $1,597 it's actually way more than that. But we're going to give it to you free regardless you're going to get the stealth instant conversational hosis crash course $997 value we're going to give it to you free okay. And. Finally we're going to give you a.

VIP ticket to the. Next killer influence defense against the dark arts 5-day certification boot camp here in. San. Diego.

California. August 6th through the 10th 2024 at the uh country in and. Suites three 3975. L.

Boulevard or something like that. Anyway this on. L. Boulevard you can't miss it value is $3,150.

Next 21 people to click that link get all those goodies for free total value is $1 4,232 all you got to do is. Click uh the link. W www. killer influence.com slgo before. I log off the webinar and you sir or madam will have full access to me for 95 days in one way or another all right.

So go ahead we're going to take a seven minute break when we come back we're going to pick up with phase three of our webinar we're going to customize the content we're going to drill down on some stuff uh and we're going to go whatever. Direction you folks want to go that's my the promise. I made that's the promise. I'm going to keep.

I'm keeping my promises you keep yours click those links and let's make this happen. I love you all. I'll see you in about seven or eight minutes and uh we're going to do more training let's go e e e e e e e e e e okay. Folks we've got a little bit of time before the break is over.

So. I can take other questions if people have other questions. I can help you with. I'm happy to do that um what do you got for me let me open the chat up hey.

Greg my my love to the family go ahead and be a nurse now uh. Moss wanted me to remind everybody that the. VIP tickets are for firsttime buyers only uh and the. VIP tickets are issued once your programs are paid in full.

So uh we've got a couple of weeks until the. Next killer influence training. So we want to make sure that if you want to come you need to go ahead and click the 997 link or make other arrangements with moss. But uh that's about um.

So again have other questions reach out to. Moss directly. Rhino's asking how exactly do. I trans for my.

VIP ticket to someone else. First of all you call. Moss or. Mia and let them know who you are when you got your.

VIP ticket who you want to ref who you want to transfer it to and. Then have that person call us and confirm that they're going to be using that ticket it's really simple right. But you do have to be proactive about it all right. I think that's about time for us.

I'm going to ahead and jump out of the. PowerPoint and uh stop sharing and let's uh oops stop share all right. Welcome back and it's now officially part three of our defense against the dark arts webinar and this is the customization phase. I promised you guys.

I would. I would customize the content to exactly what you most wanted to learn about and this is where you tell me what that is. So go ahead and type in the chat what do you most want to learn about the most votes. I get determines the direction we go and.

I will stay on for as long as uh we need to stay on to make sure that that information is covered. So talk to me what do you got don't raise your hands all at once guys all right. Do you want me to give you some choices remove resistance from clients okay. I've got one for removing resistance do.

I hear anything else how to recover from a weariness during a session oh. So are you like burn out after a session is that what's going on are you a are you a therapist. John. Brad all right.

Let's talk about hold on oh okay. All right. Well let's talk about let's talk about resistance removal because resistance removal is actually one of the most powerful tools that we have there's different ways to do it um. But let's let's be very clear about resistance removal and understand the context in which we're using it if you understand the emotional bonding checklist the emotional motivation checklist you'll almost never ever ever ever ever ever ever ever need to use reframing or resistance removal.

Okay. The reason that is is because because when people are presented with an opportunity to satisfy their emotional needs in a way that they recognize it their cognition shifts they start generating all kinds of strategies and processes to achieve what they want you you've all seen this you've all seen what like people are broke and short of money. But they really want to go on vacation and somehow some way they find money to go on vacation right. Why because it's an emotional need and.

So one of the things you'll discover and. I'm using a a business application to express this people always find things find money for the things that they emotionally crave and. So when you apply the emotional bonding checklist the emotional motivation checklist properly the money question will seldom come up and if it does it's it's always always in the context of them trying to figure out how to move the money to satisfy the need it'll almost it'll almost never be oh. I can't afford that okay.

When you get on. I can't afford that kind of an answer it's because you haven't dug the emotion deep enough okay. So. I'm setting that.

I'm using a business context to explain that because we are driven to satisfy our emotional our emotional needs and that's the power that you're playing. I've literally seen people throw money away because accepting it and holding on to it violated their values okay. Okay. So um the chat real quick okay.

So. I had an old woman. I was transing out on the computer who got very dizzy and asked to emerge. I gave a shake at stopping the.

Dizzy. But she decided she just she wanted me to wake her okay. Sometimes um when people go into trans this is again this is going to take us in a little bit of a different direction. Brad um.

But sometimes people get what we call a hypnotic hangover or they sometimes um access a memory that triggers a defense mechanism and it sounds to me like that's what happened is there was a place she was going that she didn't want to go right. And that's probably why she didn't want to go back in either um that's just off the top of my head um unfortunately and again. I hate to. I hate to be.

So strict. But this is an influence webinar um. But if you can email me privately or or post a comment in the. YouTube section.

I'm happy to. I'm happy to discuss some other things you might be able to do if you want if you want that woman back back that's a different issue um we can we can talk about that um me see what else is here okay. All right. Let's talk about resistance removal.

So in this formula that we're going to share with you it presupposes that this person has just looked at you and said. I don't want to do that or as is often the case they've given you non-verbal indicators that they're in your office or in your clinic for somebody else in other words uh probably the best example. I have for this is. I used to deal when.

I had my clinic and. I was running my my um seeing clients on a regular basis every now and. Then didn't happen often. But every now and.

Then. I would get somebody who would come to me who would want to quit smoking or or something along those lines some kind of addictive compulsive. Behavior. But they didn't want to quit right.

They were there because somebody else wanted them to quit right. And. So one of the things that that is almost always a flag for that as a therapist is if they someone looks at you and says. I need you to make me do.

X right. The make you do. X is when someone says. I.

I need you to make me do something what they're really telling you is. I don't want to do it you're supposed to be able to make people do stuff this needs to happen well if they don't want it to happen it's not going to happen okay. So we have a formula called the resistance removal protocol it's based on the work of. Dr.

Michael pantelon who wrote the book. Instant influence. I. I.

I read that book. And. I modeled and adapted what. I got from that book.

Into the protocol that. I'm about to share with you. So the core text is instant influence and. I highly recommend it it's a really good book.

Uh. I've taken it. I've taken that particular set of skills beyond what it was originally intended for and you can actually look. At that on uh on.

YouTube. If you go to my. YouTube channel and you type in instant conversational pain relief you'll see a video of me using a variation of the protocol. I'm going to share with you to literally argue somebody out of pain okay.

Now remember if you can tap into somebody's emotional bond emotional values you likely won't get resistance. But if you do you you whip out this protocol and people will generate their own reason for wanting to do it that's the best part the most powerful reasons anybody can have for doing the thing that they just told you they didn't want to do is the reasons they come up with okay. I'm just looking. I'm checking the chat real quick all right.

[Music] um oh. Diamond's asking what do you mean they threw away money because it was against their values they were tasked to borrow money from somebody and. Then the person they borrowed the money from had to use all their influence and persuasion skills to get them to give it back and the person that that they borrowed the money from couldn't get him to give the money back and. Then the teacher looked at him and said well what you know you're very religious aren't you you're very you believe in.

God yes. And they're like yeah. So what would god what would. Jesus say what would.

God say about you keeping that money and they threw the money it's like boom the money just leaped out of their hands right. Why because a person who was a religious figure in their world started saying what would. God say about that right. And because they were very devout and their their values were um.

So strongly held they just threw money right. And this is what. I'm talking about this is the thing you need to understand this is goes to the core of positive and benevolent influence and negative influence people cannot have their values stimulated without experiencing emotional pleasure or desire they cannot they cannot have their values violated without experiencing emotional pain now this is important because when it comes to situations like grooming or abuse or domestic abuse situations cult indoctrination things of that nature one of the things that happens is they. First overwhelm your state they overwhelm your physically mentally and emotionally and.

Then they systematically. Peck away at the anchors to your identity the things that support who you are and what you believe is right. And wrong in in your world that's they just take that away okay. This is gonna and by the way this is true uh in a in a domestic abuse situation where you have a a narcissistic or a grandio malignant narcissistic abuser uh human trafficker pimp um cult leaders or or malevolent.

Cults they all do the same thing they tap into the things you want most the things you have the least of the things that you're most sensitive to and they entice you with those things and they give you a steady supply of it while systematically chipping away at all the support systems that you have that keep your mind stable. So one of the things that happens in very abusive relationships is this person's sense of self this person's sense of identity has been. So. Whitted away and they're.

So completely dependent on the approval of the abuser that they now adopt the values of the abuser instead of their own and what's happened in that case is there a sense of identity you may got to understand your values are the pillars that support your identity your sense of self what's right. And what's wrong what's acceptable what's not what's not acceptable they're the rules of the world you live in when somebody comes in and infiltrates your world and systematically violates them and destroys the pillars of your identity you have no. Foundation and. So you your brain goes into survival mode you've all heard of things like.

Stockholm yes. Alex says we're all glad. David. Snider you are not a cult leader repeat after me everyone we are not a cult we are not a cult somebody's gonna use that as a meme.

I know it right. Right. Right. But.

So do you understand what. I'm talking about when. I talk about why values and identity is. So important there's this thing called the identification principle.

I talked about earlier people instinctively. Bond and gravitate towards people who are the same as them people they can identify with now. I don't care what side of the woke agenda you're on. I don't care whether you're a conservative.

I don't care if you're a liberal. I don't care what race or ethnicity or religion you are here's the bottom line people humans instinctively feel more comfortable around people they identify with not what they identify as okay. So again. I'm obviously a white dude right.

And as unbiased as. I believe. I am. I will feel comfortable around other white people it doesn't mean.

I don't love. African-Americans and everybody else it's a very. I'm treading a very thin line here. But we need to understand the science versus the the idealism of it human beings always feel more comfortable around people they share identity with okay.

Now how do you hack that it's real simple become somebody they can identify with how do you do that well you adopt the same clothes and dress you adopt the behaviors you adopt the same values and the way they talk about values the more like a person you become the more the identity principle takes over. So. I'm going to share. I'm going to talk about resistance removement.

I'm going share something else with you that. I think is really important. I call this uh. I'm probably going to change the name because it's kind of creepy right.

It's called. The. Predator protocol a lot of research has been done on what persuasion. Predators actually do to groom people into specific ways of thinking and creating emotional addictions and things like that let me pull up my um let me pull up my my my notes on this here and.

I'll share this with you okay. I'm. G to share my screen or maybe. I won't maybe.

I won't because. I can't seem that social. Predator psychology should be here. But it's not where did it go um this wasn't actually on my agenda to teach tonight.

But here we go. Predator protocol all right. So again this was not. I.

I promise. I will cover uh resistance removal. But you guys want to know some stuff here's some stuff all right. This particular set of information is based on the work of a woman a researcher by the name of.

Wendy. Patrick now a lot of you don't know who. Wendy. Patrick is.

But she was the assistant district attorney for the city for the city of. San. Diego in charge of sex crime she's also a minister an ordained minister she wrote a book. Called red flags and.

I'm going to recommend that everybody everybody on this call buy that book. Okay. It's an excellent book. For people who are entering the dating scene who want to understand a little bit inside the head of the average persuasion.

Predator there's another book. That. Wendy. Patrick wrote which is a bit more expensive and it's even more creepy uh red flags is actually well written and it's fun to read uh the other one is called the psychology of.

Attraction and. Christian. Outreach that book's a little expensive and. But it has a ton of.

Science in it about what. I'm about to teach you this is the five-phase emotional dependency formula this formula proactivity emotional appeal identification affirmation and credibility is the exact five ingredients that all persuasion. Predators use to groom their victims and this concludes everything from. Human traffickers to child molesters to pimps um to domestic abusers con artists grifters it's the same formula.

So we're gonna go through this step by step. So you can understand why. I'm saying the things. I'm saying.

So the. First phase is proactivity what does that mean that means a persuasion. Predator will be proactive they will systematically learn as much about their target as humanly possible they will profile them sound famili for those of you who want to learn to read body language and stuff okay. They will profile them they will.

Then create an identity that matches the target demographics emotional needs they will. Then systematically insert them. M. El well actually what they will do is they will um survey the environments where the target choice is the target of choice frequence these guys play the numbers and they're looking for a specific profile they will.

Then insert themselves into the lives or the path of the selected victim this is all very premeditative okay. None of this this is accidental these people no. I. I told you we would we would do that.

But this this is something that came up. So. I wanted to. I wanted to cover this okay.

So this is something that happens. So they're gonna they're going to create a they're going to create an identity that emotionally appeals they're going to create somebody that the person can identify with they're going to support and give validation to the person's point of view has anybody here ever studied interrogation or interview okay. So one of the things that'll happen in an interview is you will empathize rationalize socialize right. You will say hey they had it come you know you'll you you you'll affirm and support that person's position you'll find ways to make it not their fault and blame the other person and you will do it from a position of authority and this is the one that really bites us many of the most dangerous predators has spent an inordinate amount of time trying to look.

Like the best versions of the humanity and they're in positions of authority in the lives of the people we love credibility. So teachers coaches uh ministers these are all people doctors these are all people that we give immense. Authority and credibility and. Trust to and.

So these the daycare workers these are the teachers these are the positions that a lot of predators will migrate towards because of their access and. The credibility and. Authority that they're given. So once you have all these things in place all that matters now is for the right.

Target to come along and the process begins. So this is the five-phase. Predator protocol. I suggest for those of you who want to learn a little bit more that you you access uh the book.

Red flags by. Dr. Wendy. Patrick because in there she gives you a a four-stage profiling system uh for for flagging people.

So it's. Focus lifestyle associations groups right. So you have to be a little bit more proactive and. So.

I highly recommend again as a beginning work this is where you start if you want something that goes deeper if you want something that goes a little deeper. But it's a lot creepier. Then you can read her book. Um psychology of.

Attraction and. Christian. Outreach okay. Okay.

So now what. Wendy tried to do and. I'm again. I'm gonna finish up my my little dissertation on.

Wendy and. Dr. Patrick's work. I have tremendous respect for what she attempted to do.

I'm not sure that she was entirely successful with this book. Um a because. I don't think you can get because the minute you tell people where the the the information comes from it kind of takes the information. But what she tried to do with it was teach um uh people doing um missionary work a methodology that would bring them out of the the negative situations that they were in and lead them to the church lead them to a better life through through using this same protocol in a positive way and.

I'm not sure if she was entirely successful with that. But. I wanted to to recognize the effort and say that this is a very very good book. If you want to study and access all of the research and how these these these people think and and also to reiterate the point and probably this is probably the one of the most important points that that.

I can share with you today is that the tools of influence and persuasion are inherently neutral a scalpel can save a life or it can take one a syringe can save a life or it can take one okay. But sometimes where something comes from has such a stigma attached to that you can't you can't sanitize that. I think that was the problem with the idea behind. U the material and psychology attraction it's valid it 100%.

Works um and if you really want to educate yourself. I highly recommend that book. Um. But it's a downer it's a bit of a it's a bit of a downer.

But and again it's for missionaries. So um if you're in a missionary position. Then might be something fun to play with. But um was this was this helpful or you useful did anybody get any value from that this little module on the psychology of.

Attraction cool all right. So let's talk about resistance removal. So one of the things that has to happen when you're um yeah uh just real quick before we go into resistance um remember that when. I log off the webinar the goodies go away.

So once again you're going to get the secrets of you influence on study course $2,497 value you're also going to get defense against the dark arts uh $1,997 value absolutely free you're going to get. Renegade reframing um instant conversational belief change $1,997 we're going to give that to you free the. Charisma conversion home study course $1,997 we're going to give that to you free you're going to get the uh. NLP power.

Mastermind mentoring three-month trial $1,597. Value. Plus the 13-year archive we're absolutely the. South instant conversation with nosis crash course $997 absolutely free and.

Then you're going to get that free. VIP ticket. First time buyers only paid in full uh for uh. August 6 to the now if you can't make.

August 6 to the 10th that's fine you can still qualify for the. VIP ticket just let. Moss know and he'll he'll put you on the list for the. Next training the total combined value is $1 14,23 you can get it all for one low installment at just $9.97 or three easy installments of 3.97 each now for those of you coming to killer influence um in a couple of weeks we're going to be covering the entire.

Predator protocol what it looks like how it works how you can use it how you can detect it what to look. For why some why most people don't uh and it goes back to that whole idea of authority and credibility many of the people that um how can. I say this many of the people people that hold that position are people we don't want to challenge and we don't want to test because we don't want to find out that they're not who they say they are there's this thing you learn about called. Truth bias right.

Confirmation bias we want what we believe to be about what we believe about somebody to be true and a lot of times we'll. Overlook. Glaringly obvious indicators to the contrary to to profile a predator to discover a predator you have to think differently and you have to maintain a certain psychoemotional. State and attitude to effectively find out who that person really is and most people are not willing to engage in that right.

Like when. I talk about when. I teach lie detection most people don't believe believe lies not because they believe them. But because they want to believe because the pain of confronting the person or of having of hearing the truth is too.

Dam too dangerous. So. Ryan is asking. I can't see the question because there's a little heart in the way.

I'll have to wait till you. I can't read what he's saying um. I'll have to get back to that somebody else all right. Okay.

You say these guys will do that stuff. But do women do it well yes. Because we're not talking about genders we're not talking about gender at all we're talking about. Predators now unfortunately the the the science says that the vast majority of so-called predators are men.

But there is a small percentage that are female and they do the exact same thing it doesn't really matter what the gender is it's the behaviors that are engaged it's it's the techniques and the tactics that are we're talking about right. So. I don't know where people got the idea that. I was talking specifically about men it's it doesn't matter what gender is okay.

Uh the problem is women are a lot harder to catch um because we have this this inherent belief that of that you know women a woman would never do that well that's just not true fact if you read if you read. Dr. Patrick's book. There are several stories in there about female.

Predators right. Um it's again as far as learning about. Behavior influence and how to spot things it's probably one of the most userfriendly books. I've found.

I'm a big fan of. Chase. Hughes. But a lot of his stuff you got to really dedicate yourself too this is one small book.

And it know it'll give you a place to start. So. I really recommend that okay. And.

I don't get any money for recommending. Dr. Patrick's work or talking about it or anything like that. I just have tremendous respect for for the information she's put out and it's value to you um as students of this okay.

Um. So let's talk about resistance. So when we talk about resistance it's important to remember that resistance comes in three plus one flavors the. First one is we inherently resist anything that we've come to uh believe is true.

So if um you know. I'm in kindergarten or if. I'm if. I'm a four-year-old and.

I'm at home my mom is teaching me my shapes and my colors and she says. David this is a red. Circle right. And.

Mommy the authority figure in my life the goddess of. My. Universe who's teaching me everything who keeps me fed and comfortable and safe and happy says this is a red circle right. Or better yet um.

Let me let me erase that she says this is a red circle look. At my hands she says this is a red circle and. I and. I believe.

Mommy because mommy's the goddess of. My. Universe a year and a half. Later.

I go to preschool or. I go to kindergarten and we're learning our shapes and this is. Joan says. David.

I want you to go up to the board and draw a red circle and. I go and. I use a green marker and the teacher looks at me and says no. David that's a green square or a green rectangle this is a red triangle and.

I look. At her and. I say uhuh my mommy told me this is a red triangle or a red red rectangle right. Or.

Square sorry m m getting a little fuzzy now who's right. We all know who's right. And eventually that authority figure will overwrite the programming. I got from.

Mommy. But will. I be happy about it yes. Or no.

Will. I accept it in my heart yes. Or no. And this is where rhetorical persuasion fails you see you can win an argument rhetorically you can beat somebody over the head with facts and they can cognitively grudging accept that truth or acquest to that.

But in their heart are they on board in their heart do they really want to believe that's true. So the thing that we need to understand is we inherently resist anything anything we have accepted as truth that's resistance number one resistance number two we inherently resist anything that threatens how we see ourself in other words remember. I talked about identity and values well if the if. I'm exposed to anything that threatens my self-image how.

I see myself. I will inherently push back and resist it you've seen this all over the place have you ever seen somebody who was obviously talented obviously attractive. Obviously good at something. But their self-image was.

So low they couldn't take a compliment ever ever have that was this you maybe true not true right. Why because. I see myself a certain way. I see myself as nothing special.

I see myself as mediocre somebody says something that says. I'm up here my self-image says. I'm down here no. It can't be true right.

I'll use another more more provocative example right. There are certain segments of our population who have very very high high-profile jobs now this was probably. I live in. California.

So. I have to be careful. But this was probably more true a few years back than it is today uh. But it's still a good example.

But let's suppose that when the lights are off in nobody's home this person likes to wear clothes clothing of the opposite gender and they like to have things done to them with tools and toys and things right. But out in the out in the in the in their day job they're you know a suit and tie person a. Blazer and slacks person he's very very proper very um professional very conventional and he asked them to go out dressed like they do when they're at home and they say no. Why because it threatens how other people will see them which brings us to the.

Third type of resistance that you will encounter people inherently resist anything that threatens how they believe other people will see them. So let's review that the three types of resistance there's one more that we got to cover people inherently refuse or resist anything that threatens what they have accepted as true doesn't matter what that truth is if they've accepted it as true and you attack it they dig their heels in okay. They're gonna fight you they're. GNA push back if you ask them to do something or to accept something that threatens how they see themselves if you're someone who is uh you know uh very religious very spiritual uh who likes to uh donate to things and person comes by uh toh for a donation and your spouse or your partner says no.

We're not giving and you want to give you're going to feel some pain there you're going to feel some awkwardness there why because you're the person that gives that's your identity you're you're that person and anything that you have to do or believe or or espouse that contradicts that is going to cause you conflict it's going to make you push back okay. We resist anything that threatens how other people will see us okay. Especially now when we live in the the social media age nobody is who they appear to be as far as. I'm concerned.

But anybody can look. Like a rock star on social media right. So those are the three the three big. RS.

But there's one more and this is the one. I want to talk about because it's going to factor in to any form of resistance that you want to overcome and that's called reactants reactants. I lovingly call the [ __ ] you factor right. So for example if.

I had somebody here and he was standing in a nice solid stance and. I wanted to push him right. Well think about this have you ever had somebody want that that that tried to push you and you knew it was coming what did you do did you root down and push back right. Did you did you have the did you often fight the urge to push back when somebody's imposing on you that push back feeling that you have that just in is instant psychological reactance it's it's the in it's the animal in you protecting its boundaries.

Alex. Mueller says maybe. Thomas is asking can you influence yourself of course you can if we couldn't influence oursel we couldn't do 90% of what we do probably more than that actually fact the most important important person to influence is yourself right. You can actually do this protocol on yourself right.

I would recommend you have somebody else guide you through it. But um. So we want to talk about reactant now why are we doing this leads me back to. I'm gonna go ahead and sit down for this it's okay.

The reason that. I'm. I'm. I'm.

I'm back to reactants is because you remember my earlier example when. I was talking about somebody's coming into my office. But they don't want to be there what you've got is some someone who's highly reacting they have been rhetorically browbeaten and had their metaphysical metaphorical or literal balls busted to get off their butt come across town make an appointment to get something done. But they don't want to be there they're there because somebody else wants them to be they are in a highly reactant.

State okay. Now here's the problem if you try to persuade somebody in a highly who is in a highly reactive. State no. Matter what your motivation is they will fight you and here's why in human behavior you have different levels to your brain okay.

You have the lyic system or the the. Paleo cortex which is that that. Center brain and and the brain stem over that you have the lyic system which is the. Maman brain and over that you have the neocortex which is the thinking rationalizing brain it's the brain that talks okay.

When you argue with with if you have a belief or a story and somebody argues with it the. First thing you're neocortex does that that that newest level is it reinforces the existing r. So this is the the takeaway that. I want you to get the rationale that gets challenged only grows stronger right.

If if you espouse something and somebody says you're wrong or no. That's not true and they give you they argue with you are you more convinced or less convinced that you're right. Instinctively what's what's your guts response is it to acquest to what they said or do you dig in and try to prove you're right. Tell me and type it in the chat that you dig in and this is important because when you're dealing with somebody in that mentally cognitively dugin.

State they will automatically frame anything you say and do as an attempt to manipulate them listen to what. I'm saying if there as long as they're in that reactant. State no. Matter how benevolent and kind your intentions might be they will they will frame everything you say or do as an attempt to manipulate them.

So the. First step and probably arguably the most challenging step in resistance removal is to neutralize reactants we call it restore personal autonomy when somebody comes into to my shop or if. I'm out in the field and. I have to use this protocol the.

First thing. I have to do is. I have to get them to 100% totally believe that. I am on their side that.

I support their right. To not do the thing they just said they didn't want to do. I have to make them believe that because until you restore their sense of personal autonomy their right. To choose they will automatically frame and spin in their mind anything you say as manipulation does that make sense.

I'm going to give you. I'm going to do an example for a moment. But. I want to walk you through that particular piece and.

I have to give you foundations for that particular piece. So you can understand why it's important if you don't neutralize that reactant in a convincing way well it might not be pacing it might it'll definitely involve echoing. J je. But it has to be spun everything we're going to do in the in the resistance removal is going to involve echoing.

But it's done in a very specific way at a very specific time and the. First thing that has to happen is you have to restore personal autonomy the. Next thing you have to do is ask them well if you were to want to do this for your own reasons why might you want to do it now notice what. I said if you were to want to do this for your own reasons why might you want to do that the most important word in that sentence is might not will not are going to might want to do that make sure that no.

Matter what else you say that phrase and that word specifically are there might is. Magic in this context. So restore personal autonomy neutralize reactants if you were to want to do x for your own reasons why might you want to do that whatever they say you're going to acknowledge it and validate it you're going to agree with what they said you're. G to find some way to show that you're on the same page you're going to repeat the words that they said you're.

G to ask your. Next question. So the echo technique is here. I'm going to give you.

I'm. G to do. I'm gonna actually do one for you and you guys can play with this if you want if you were if you were to want to do this for your own reasons why might you want to do that. Echo their words or validate their response.

Echo their words ask your. Next question. I'm curious. I'm wondering on a scale of 0 to 10 how much might you want to there's that word again might how much might you want to do that they're going to give you a number whatever that number is is you.

Echo it you validate it you ask the. Next question why. So much why didn't you rate it less. I'm.

G repeat it two more times because some of you going what why. So much why didn't you rate it less. Last time why. So much why why didn't you rate it less okay.

They're going to give you a reason why they didn't rate it less whatever that is you validate it you. Echo their words you ask your. Next question okay. Then you're going to ask this.

So what's the. Next step we need to take to move in that direction to move forward or as. I often use. So how soon do you want to get started on this okay.

That's the protocol. I'm going to show you. I'm going to give you a template that you can copy. I gotta find it.

First though uh resistance removal okay. Uh that's not a great one. But it'll work ni. So let me find a different one um see if this is better.

I want something that you guys can cut and paste or or take a screenshot of yeah this will work okay. I hadn't planned on doing this one. But you have spoken um okay. So here's the process restore their sense of personal freedom and choice right.

You have to really make them believe they have a right. To say no. Reaffirm the rights know neutralize reactants communicate to that it's okay. To not do what they want to do if you were to want to do.

X why might you want to do that validate. Echo ask again scale of 0 to 10 how much might you want to do that they're going to give you a number. Echo validate. Echo ask again validate what they said.

So soften. So. I'm curious why. So much why didn't you rate it less what's the.

Next step we need to take to move forward how soon do you want to get started. So there's the whole protocol make it a little bit smaller. So you can screenshot it okay. So when you've got your screenshot go ahead and say got it or type got it and.

Then. I'll do the demo for you okay. Cool okay. Good all right.

Let me jump out of this. So here's the example. I often use person comes into my office um they want to quit smoking now does it have to be smoking no. It could be a motivational interview it could be a disciplinary hearing it could be anything where a person it could they could be a drug addict for all.

I know right. Someone comes in and they say hey hi. Dr. David uh my name is.

Joe um uh. I need you to. I need you to make me stop smoking there's the. First red flag right.

There anytime you as a change worker says. I need you to make make me do something what they're saying is. I don't want to change okay. That's that's the.

First big red flag. Next thing he's going to say oh okay. Joe. So um you need me to make you quit smoking yeah yeah my wife's been busting my balls my kids say.

I smell like an ashtray and. I'm tired of getting the stink eye from all my colleagues at work you know. I've been smoking since. I was a teenager it makes me feel good.

But it makes everybody else miserable. So. I just need to cut that [ __ ] out. I need you to help me do it.

I need you to make me stop. I said well let me ask you something. Joe and this is just between you know just close the door this is between you me and the fence post okay. If you had a choice between not smoking and smoking everything's allowed nobody's gonna give a [ __ ] what would you rather do.

I just keep smoking because no. It wouldn't bother anybody. But it bothers everybody. So.

I gotta stop. Joe let me tell you something. I know this gonna be weird because. I get paid to change people.

But when you walk through that door and you're in here with me. I'm your guy now what does that mean. I know it sounds weird. But what it means is.

I'm your guy. I'm your helper. I'm your coach. I'm your therapist.

I'm your trainer whatever word you want to use. So here's the deal if you don't want to stop smoking. I'm not going to try to make you stop in fact if you want to enjoy smoking more. I'll help you do that if you just want to sit in a chair do a stress relief session walk out say it didn't work to your your wife or your kids.

I'm okay. With that if you want to work on something completely different. I'm okay. With that too right.

Because. I'm your guy. I'm here to have you have the life you want the way you want it. I'm here to help you.

CH get the changes you want not the changes you don't want does that make sense yeah. I get it. But my wife she's busted my bows right. I get that.

But you don't want to smoke you don't want to stop smoking well no. I gotta listen. I'm not gonna make you quit if you don't want to quit. I can't make you quit.

But. I will ask you this. Joe if you were to want to quit smoking. I mean really want like.

But. But not for your wife not for your kids reasons or your your co-workers reasons or your boss or whoever else is busting your. Stones about smoking if you were to want to quit for. Joe and.

Joe alone why might. Joe want to quit smoking uh oh gee uh. I never thought about it uh well truth is uh. I noticed.

I've been getting a little short of breath lately and uh my kids are they're at an age where they still want. Dad to play from time to time and you know it might be nice to to be around for the grandkids when they graduate you know. So you know maybe uh maybe. I stop smoking because.

I want to live longer oh. So your kids are of an age where they still want. Dad to play with them and uh you saided noticing your short of breath and you want to be around for your grandkids yeah yeah you know. I think.

I think that's important great and. I think it's true. I 100% support that. So let me ask you something.

Joe on a scale of 0 to 10 or a scale of 1 to 10 how much might you want to be able to breathe better. So you can live longer. So you can play with your kids and your grandkids oh dude like nine or 10 who wouldn't that's stupid you're right. So let me ask you this question why you want that.

So much why didn't you rate it less what why didn't you rate it less why do you want that. So much well because it's my health dude. I mean. Jesus it's obvious right.

I my kids my health it's important. I got to take care of me if. I want to take care of my kids absolutely you absolutely have to take care of you if you're. G to take care of your kids.

So thinking about it like that what's the. Next step we need to take to move forward. I guess. I need to you need to work your mojo and.

Then help me quit how soon you want to get started well. I'm here let's do it and it goes something like that and. I dropped my nose questions okay. And believe it or not it works pretty much like that now in killer influence you're going to learn even more advanced methodologies.

But that's the core there's actually a version of this where we take that resistance removal protocol graft it onto the emotional bonding checklist and lock everything in to where they can't not do it right. But the idea is when you want the the trick to getting people to do the things they don't want to do is to have them generate their very own reason for wanting to do it and. Then attack it and the moment they fight you they fight you in the direction you wanted them to go in the. First place okay.

Is that helpful. So. I gave you the template. I gave you the demo.

I recommend. I recommend that when this video goes live you transcribe the dialogue between. Joe and. David and really study it right.

Because one of the things you'll you'll hear in there is. I'm curious. I'm wondering just suppose those those are called softeners and what happens is when you apply softeners to the front of your sentences or your questions it creates a lubricating type of an effect it turns it into an actual in inquisitive conversation instead of an interview or an interrogation and that's really one of the. SE that's one of the reason why a lot of neural linguistic programmers don't do well um with this kind of methodology is because they don't soften anything they do the problem with.

NLP is that it's powerful in many cases it's too powerful like you deploy a classic. NLP. P technique provided you understand it well enough to do it in a real in real situation which most people don't um it's like hitting hitting them with a [ __ ] lightning bolt and even if they don't have any background in. MLP when that technique hits their nervous system it rocks them they don't know what you did.

But they know you did something and their whole system goes on alert it gets hyper uh reactant and analytical. So the way you you neutralize that and the way you insert things in a very pleasant and non uh overt way is through softening and we'll teach you that uh we'll teach you that backwards and forwards uh in in kill in your killer influence in your secrets of of human influence you'll you'll cover it again in. Renegade reframing um and even in um the defense against the dark arts home study course we spend a lot of time on making this stuff. So conversational and.

So hit plain sighted it just goes in okay. Um. So before we we uh we log off for today uh. I'm gonna.

I'm gonna ask for one. Last round of questions and. I'm going to remind you if you haven't clicked those links yet uh when would now be a good time to do that. So once again you got the secrets of human influence home study course $2,497 value defense against the dark arts $1,997 value we're going to give this to you free you're going to get.

Renegade reframing uh $997 value free you're going to get chisman conversion uh $1,997 we're going to give that to you free the. NLP power. Mastermind mentoring program $1,597 we're going to give that to you free the stealth instant conversation at nosis crash course $997 we're going to give that to you free and of course you're going to get that free five-day. VIP super ticket to our.

Next killer influence secrets of covert hypnosis and defense against the dark heart certification boot camp it's a $3,150 value we're going to give that to you fore the total value on this package tonight is $1,232 you can get it all for one installment and one investment of just 9.97 or you can break that up into three easy installments of uh 3.97 each okay. So um that's all we got click that link before it goes away because remember when. I log off the bonuses and the. VIP tickets go away and if you need to substitute any courses you can let monster me know and they're happy to help you with that right.

Okay. Uh let me go ahead and turn off the screen share and let's take a look. At. I'm.

So excited to start this and meet you guys. Next weekend welcome aboard kativa. I can't wait to see you as well. Stuart welcome back my friend uh any.

Last questions before. I send you off into the world all right. Well on that note in the words of the imortal. Carol berett.

I'm. So glad the top softeners you use the most let me ask you this. I was curious and. I'm wondering okay.

The words of the immortal car brunette. I'm. So glad we had this time together just to have a laugh or sing a song seems we just got started and before you know it comes the time we have to say along my friends. I see you on the flip side use it or lose it click those links and.

I'll see you killer influence good night and. God bless take care.
