Title: uZgO6AWRYwQ.txt
Video Id: uZgO6AWRYwQ
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uZgO6AWRYwQ

Foreign this is. Dr. David checking in. I literally just got back from.

Las. Vegas and uh. I have been out of touch for two solid weeks and. I'm jonesing for a little.

Community. Action. So how's everybody doing today just type in the chat what's going on how's your how's your weekend going how's your. July going there's.

D. MC from. New. Zealand hey.

D there's. Lottie and. Liam all right. You got me for a little while what kind of questions do you have.

Danny says. I vote you the number one in. NLP thank you there's. Nathan mayor hello from the.

Philippines hello from. San. Diego my friend. Jacob.

Lee how you be good to see you my friend all right. I'm gonna put on my cool shades here everybody can hear me okay. Yes. You want to know the 36.

Magic. Bullets ah. Alessandro afternoon sir. Sonic chronic healing meditation howdy.

David diving deep into the. VH course today thanks. So much my pleasure nikolucky hello from. Burbank hello from.

San. Diego. Burbank words create worlds. Dr.

David. Hearts right. Back. Scott.

King doing great it was great seeing you in. Vegas even if we didn't get a chance to catch up well darn it you know where. I am. Scott come see me there's.

Tony kind all right. So the 36. Magic. Bullets are actually uh we we have we refer to it by multiple names in uh in our systems it's actually known as the 36 questions it's actually an app there's 36 questions that uh researchers discovered that if you ask these questions over the and it kind of it's kind of like a game where you ask a question and.

Then they give you the answer. Then they ask you the same question it develops really powerful really deep level intimacy hey. Cynthia um and you can actually get it you can get it in our systems attraction. Mastery has it um every now and.

Then we teach it in our. Erotic. Hypnosis or sensuality enhancement classes and we also teach it in um every now and. Then once in a great while we teach it in killer influence um you also will hear us refer to this as the intimacy intensifier interview it's really cool because what we did what we did with it was we took.

These 36 questions and we color coded them we looked at the whole spectrum of all the different questions and we color colored them we kind of we kind of try to determine if there was a certain theme that the questions had and. Then we color coded them by themes. So it was easier because. I don't think you really need all 36 questions to get where you want.

I think you can do it with as little as three to three to nine which dramatically shortens the process and makes it a little bit more manageable. But you can actually go to your app store download apps called it like just. Google the 36 questions um and you'll. I think you'll come up with a couple apps that will do that um let's see here.

Hilton. David entrepreneur. Perth 4am just to hit the set oh there's okay. Hey.

Perth welcome. So. Nathan is asking um what's the fine line between. Last determination and avoiding lust for results well.

I think the biggest thing is determination. Relentless determination is based on the action okay. Whereas avoiding lust for results almost always entails not doing enough. So like you want something.

So bad. So bad. So bad. So bad.

But it is a fine line because the idea is is when you want something. So bad that you can't let go of it or you can't like you get married to the way it's going to manifest as opposed to just keep trying different things until you get there um. But. I think what it is is that and again this.

I because this is the. First time. I've ever actually asked me this question. So.

I think the the lion has to and it's very different for everybody. But. I think the line has to be um when you can't put it down in other words when. I'm.

Relentless all right. I'm. I'm gonna do whatever. I gotta do to get there.

But if it doesn't manifest or um if it's the only if my life revolves around this thing to the to the the point of of. Nothing. Else. Matters that becomes.

Obsession and that becomes luster results. So when you find yourself just completely upset. I guess obsessed is a good word. But there's another word fixated.

I guess is a good one right. I think lust for results comes in when you can't let it go when you um and. I and. I think that's the line like when when it keeps you up at night right.

Um when it's dominating all of your thoughts and all of your uh intentions. I think relentlessness is about the desire to achieve a goal and just keep testing things. But not being clenched if that makes any kind of sense it's the only thing. I can.

I can really say is it's like your whole it's like it's like that monkey uh who reaches into the knot hole to pull out the peach. But when he closes his fist his fist is too big to pull the whole pull back out of the hole and because he won't let go of the peach he now becomes monkey brain soup because the hunters knew that he wouldn't let go of the peach um and while he was focused on that they came and took. His life. But.

So. I think. I think it's a judgment call. But when it dominates when it's all you think about um and you can't let it go for example.

I had a gentleman uh in the in the pickup in attraction worlds we have this thing called one-eyedis is where you you've got this one person you could have 50 other boyfriends or girlfriends. But this one person if they like you or they approve of you or you could just get this one person everything else will be fine or everyone else will approve of you it's almost in that same that same energy. So that's that's that's the best way. I can kind of describe it see here here um let's see.

So many questions. So a little time okay. Lottie's asking if you've loved a loved one that's under the influence of malevolent spirits and entrained and training from childhood how to live and and they are happy and can be okay. Lottie you're gonna have to rephrase that question because.

I. I don't understand the question okay. If you can re-ask the question. I can give you a bit.

I'm gonna. I can try to give you an answer words create worlds is asking what are some one-liners for women that you see you would teach during three magic questions in order in order to reject men oh okay. So you're asking how do you how do you reject a guy without crushing his self-esteem is is that what you're asking there's a couple of ways you can do it um you could say this isn't been an amazing this has been a great conversation give me your email we can and. I have some friends.

I have to go see uh give me your email and. I'll follow up with you um and we can continue the conversation that way or you can look. At them and say oh there's my friends. I'm sorry.

I've got to go thanks. So much for talking and leave um you can hey hey um give me your phone number and. I would love to continue this conversation uh another time. Winnie.

Pike says. Namaste namaste. Jacob says awesome thanks. So much.

Liam says. I just finished you're lucky for. Life class now. I'm already already extremely lucky.

But let me tell you lucky for. Life raised my vibrations for luckness luckiness a thousand fold. I don't have the words to say thank you you just did you're welcome my friend. Pay.

It. Forward teach others tell them where you got it that's all. I ever ask. Sonic chronic healing meditation is asking question what is a bird that follows her medics what is a bird that follows hermetics cancer.

God and now. Goose okay. Cheers any tips on alternating and combining breath work specifically shifting from fire to water breath if you're gonna shift from fire to water breathing there's different. Cadence.

So fire breathing is fast in fast out um water breath is. So it's slow in fast out. I think slow in slow out you might be slow installer. I think no.

I think it's like a wave crashing. So it's slow in. Faster out um animals. TV thought thoughts on numerology um.

I think there's something to it um. I don't. I use the vibrations of numbers as a way to influence things. But.

I don't necessarily think of them as a predictive or prognosticative tool. A lot of people do um. I. I don't.

Lottie says your energy is all sparkling after. Vegas. David magic well. I do my best actually.

I just. I literally just uh came off a four day vibrational healing intensive where. I had like 26 27 people they're just doing crazy stuff um it was fun. Bobby says.

Indiana. Jones energy. Hilton. David.

L says when you fall out of balance yes. Um see here okay. So. Alessandra says had a question on my mind.

I graduated with an undergrad psych degree. I'm wanting to get into. Psychotherapy world. But don't know where to start gaining credibility feeling lost at the moment well.

First and foremost if you if you've only got a. Bachelor's or an associate's in. Psych uh go back to school if you want to work in this field or in the. Psychotherapy field.

Then you're going to need at least a master's uh and a doctorate probably wouldn't suck um unless you're going to be like a marriage and family therapist social worker something along those lines you need that higher level credential if you want to work in the. Psychotherapy field you know um and you want to mesh with the system if you want to be a hypnotherapist hang on a shingle start seeing clients right. Rick. T says hey.

David. I heard that seeds carry info when you imbue it with intent and sacrifice it to fire. Then it helps you attain your goal it's usually done in. India.

But can you expand on this topic of sacrifice okay. Um we talk about sacrificing what we're really talking about is an energetic release in other words in the hunna tradition they would say you would have to sacrifice your your. Mana to your to your um your. Mauna.

Loa. So what you would do is you would build up this charge of energy you would send it to your higher self your higher self would take that energy and use it to create whatever it is that you want it the idea of sacrifice is basically the same everywhere in that in the process of sacrificing something you're you're releasing the energy inherent in whatever it is you're sacrificing and you're utilizing it and you're you're molding it or forming it okay. Now sometimes you take that energy and you harness it yourself usually there's a little bit of both you harness it and you send it to the source or the entity that um will take that energy and. Then put it in and use it for manifestation there's lots of different ways that that that transference can happen positive or negative uh.

But that's basically what uh what sacrificing is is you're saying this is something this is important to me it's important that. I want to give you this give you this energy to help um to to pay you for lack of a better word or give you the resources you need to help me in return um. So. I don't know much about the whole seed thing uh from an.

Indian perspective. So um. I. I can't really go much deeper into that all sacrifice entails releasing the energy from whatever's being sacrificed and transferring it into either into self or to an entity or a higher being for the purposes of manifestation or worship which is again the lower lower degree of sacrifice um raccoon 270 says what do you think of.

UFOs. I think they're out there. Matthew. Boyd hello.

David thank you for the recent vibrational seminar wow just wow you're welcome. Matthew it was fun. So much more we could have done. But again.

I think every class you know when we do vibrational especially vibrational there's every cohort is different uh and everybody has certain things they all came to that particular class to learn that they didn't know they were coming for and they meet their brothers and sisters uh in the energetic arts and and it's a real deep bonding that happens uh see here. So many questions okay. Um what processes can you consult do you use to qualify a client okay. Um besides the basic verbal interview there's two basic tests that.

I use uh one is the heavy hand light hand and the other is the frame game um those are my big that's the kind of the litmus test if they can pass the frame game. Then. I know that they're compliant enough they're responsive enough they've had an experience that shows that their neurology can actually create change right. In front of them um and if they pass that.

Then. I'll usually take them if. I if. I'm sensing at any point in the console that they're fighting me that they don't want to do the things.

I want them to do uh. Then. I will release them and let them come back when they're actually more compliant remember as a therapist your job isn't necessarily get people to believe that you can fix them your job is to get them to do what the hell you tell them. So the things you know will fix them uh actually have a chance of working um.

The. Chosen. One hey. Snyder.

I was wondering how do. I take make your timeline more effective and is it possible to use to achieve lots of money yes. Um if you get a chance um there's a book. Written many many years ago by uh.

Tad. James the late. Tad. James was called the secret to creating your future it's either creating or programming your future and it's all about the use of timeline to put things into your timeline that will eventually manifest if you can find a copy of that on like deal.

Oz or. Amazon or. Ebay that's probably the most direct and succinct. Pathway to do it we teach it in.

Hidden. Laws of. Attraction which we'll be doing uh in a couple of weeks here in. San.

Diego. But if you want something now um that'll do it uh. APK based on your background and social dynamics is there a protocol to follow in order to desensitize to social interactions or cold approach. I have a hard time going out to social.

Organics well. First and foremost the one of the most important things is learn to understand that every mammal on the planet including every man or woman and child on the planet has some level of nervousness and anxiety when they approach a stranger. So the idea that you need to be completely calm or that you should be completely calm when you approach another human being not. So much that alone helps people because the person that you're approaching is just as nervous about you approaching them as you are about approaching about about being approached as you are is approaching them a lot of times just knowing that takes the edge off and allows you to do it the.

Next thing is is to uh break down the approach process into small steps where maybe you learn to just walk down the street and actually just make eye contact with everyone doesn't matter if they're hot or not if they're male or female you get you learn to make non-threatening eye contact with people once you've you've overdone that's the point where if you say if. I go to like eye contact with one more person. I'm going to vomit. But it's not because you're afraid it's just you've done it.

So many times it's now boring right. Once you have that now what you want to do is you want to start generating positive eye contact positive eye contact is where now. I look. At somebody.

I get there. I get their eye contact. I smile and. I flash my eyebrows at them and.

I wait for them to return it right. Now if even that's too much look. In the eyes. Smile and let them return the smile.

So you just and you just over freaking learn that until you continue you just can't stand doing it anymore not because you're afraid because you've done it. So many times it's just it's just boring right. And you just step it up that way. Then once you get the positive eye contact once you got the smile the eyebrow flash now say hi how's your day going or just high as you walk by ink baby step your way through it and.

Then once you can get high ask how's your day going right. Or what brings you here and now you're up to now you're into uh three magic questions protocol right. Which is very very simple it's location occasion uh career passion pleasure and. Then early positive childhood experiences and that's how you step it up right.

Now the secret to this is is to doing places that you don't normally go. So one of the things when. I was back when. I was really active and again you have to understand that.

I was ranked one of the top five attraction. Experts of the. Year by global. Guru or.

Not. Gold gurus um part of approaching this is back in 2005. But it's important to understand that that my rank came from the fact that. I was such an expert in uh sexuality and creating very very powerful very very intimate and passionate uh long-term relationships.

But to do that you actually have to meet people and get them to want to spend time with you um. So the important thing to remember is you gotta baby step it. But the other thing is is that when. I would coach people they would say.

I gotta work on my club game. I said oh. So you like to go to nightclubs they go no. I hate nightclubs why are you going to a nightclub to meet people there well because.

I got to get better at it well no. Because if you're not someone who likes to go to nightclubs and you go to meet people who you're going to meet people who like to go to nightclubs it's not going to be a good fit for you right. It's the wrong you're running west looking for a sunrise. So examine your.

Social. Circles examine the places where people that you would like to spend more time with hang out and practice your techniques in those contexts now the other thing. I tell my students is practice these skill sets on people who don't matter now what does that actually mean because it sounds kind of harsh. But practice these skills on people who you may you may never see again their opinion really doesn't matter a whole lot and and it's just another repetition right.

So you know servers and and bartenders and valets and and people who at the bus stop or people in the elevator just people that just you just encounter because the more reps you get in when it comes time to do these things with someone that you actually want to make an impression on it's going to flow. So again don't like the old like you're saying don't wait till the. Barn's on fire to start digging the well right. Dig the well get the.

Reps in and. Then when you're ready for it these skills will be ready for you um to to deploy alongside of that um hang out with people who do this stuff come to the come to the masterminds you know come to come to the. Live. Events and and and develop and get with the community of people who actually practice this stuff and want to get better and want to help you get better and help and have you help them get better that's the way it works nobody really does things alone we like to think we do.

But nobody is really an island okay. Um hopefully that helps you uh. Matthew says what about when you let go of the peach to pull your hand out and now the peach won't let go of you well that's what we call a stalker and a bad fruit. Choice you've got to select people better okay.

Um and again because we're talking about metaphors. I don't know if this. Peach is a person. I don't know if it's a a substance.

I don't know what's going on. But again a lot of the times you have to actually practice profiling and discernment before you initiate some of these processes especially things like three magic questions like level three of the three magic questions or the 36. Magic. Bullets that we've we talked about earlier because if you deploy these on people who are unstable or borderline or have really strong codependence.

Tendencies um you're going to wind up with a stalker you're going to wind up being somebody's therapist and it's not going to be fun for you okay. Um we had an incident at the the. Last convention where there was a lady who had some serious mental problems um following all the presenters around including myself you know and they're attract and and the more you work on your energy and things like that the more those people will sense that energy and they'll be drawn to it um. So you have to be very very careful you know when.

I tell my tell my students always be testing right. Always be evaluating the people that you're interacting with to determine if they're a fit or if there's maybe some some wiring that needs adjusting or whatever right. Um this is because again that's what you can learn you want to get better quality people in your life you've got to be willing to be more. Discerning and sometimes a little bit elitist or snobbish um to make sure that the people you're surrounding yourself with are in fact the crowd you want to be with or like um let's see here.

Cynthia how can. I make my. Reiki stronger the folks. I work with love what.

I do. But. I want to learn what. I can what.

I can do with it. I've been doing mainly pain relief well there's a bunch of ways to do that deepen your connection to. Source uh get more. Reiki attunements uh do more.

Reiki um as you do as you use it you build it. Dewan. I'm assume that's how you say that. Dewan.

Haley's or. Hales can you give me a good example on how to practice using adverb adjective presuppositions yes. As you fully begin to truly understand how to use these amazingly powerful adverb and adjective presuppositions you'll easily discover new and exciting ways that you can begin to use them in such a way that they easily and rapidly flow from your mind allowing you to hypnotically install things in people and have their internal representation to be exactly what you want anytime you want for the very best reasons which are always your own reasons and that's a great idea wouldn't you say um the animals. TV is it true that authenticity is the highest frequency you can operate on no.

Because. I don't know what the highest frequency you can operate on is authenticity is an attribute for certain sincerity um based on uh one of my mentors used to say sincerity was the highest or this most powerful trans induction. So if uh. I think uh authenticity is is a very powerful one is it the highest no.

I don't think. So. I think there's higher things than that. But.

I think authenticity is implicit in whatever those higher vibrations are uh brick. T can you do the same with animal sacrifice like you would seed see my yes. Um again as long as there's life force in the object or the the the the thing being sacrificed it can be sacrificed and harnessed you may have to burn it to release that energy you may have to physically kill it um and harness the blood. But again.

I'm. I don't. Advocate sacrifice. But um if you look.

At centeros and and. Hunan practitioners the idea of of using the energy of chickens and and other things is this is still a very common practice um demixises what technique that. I can use to energize the fastest repeat physical and mental performance please. Dee.

I don't know what's what techniques you have [Music] um fire breath is probably a good one if you if you can do it safely um there's a mantra that uh. Master chilcoxui used to teach that was really powerful was called om. Namo. Nama.

Rama om. Namo. Rama. I think is what it was and.

I used to do that one that would just charge me up. But there are there are lots and lots and lots of ways to build energy. But. I don't know what your skill sets are.

I don't know what your level is and. So. I. I don't know that.

I want to um give you anything beyond that and the transformational. Triad. So energy spinning. Magic.

Frame color breathing these will all build your energy up really really quickly in fact spinning finding how your your current energy level and finding the direction that amplifies it and. Then maximizing the spin and putting it back in will probably will probably work even better than the mantras that. I talked about in the fire breath. But you can stack them as well.

So you could literally uh do fire breath do om namorama ohm and. Then point where you feel it take it out spin it and triple stack it and just just be careful because you might spontaneously combust or something right. But again if you don't if you aren't really um schooled in energetic work you don't know how to vent energetic charges cleanse your body. Purge you really shouldn't be doing.

Energy building exercises it's more important to purge and regulate than it is to build. So nikolucky says thoughts on. Byron. Katie's the work can.

I be honest. I've never read any of. Byron. Katie's work.

So. I honestly can't comment on it. But if. But for the sake of comprehensiveness in the future.

I will in fact put it on my reading list it took. Me it took. Me on over 15 years to read. Neville.

Goddard. I just started doing that this year and everybody was been comparing me to them for years um and. So. I was like oh my.

God this guy's pretty smart uh. Lottie. Martin if someone wants to a. Dream from me an impossible ask and.

I feel like their whole life and being depends on me walking a tightrope they are obsessed. But. I love okay. Is there a question here what what is it that you want to know.

Lottie okay. First of all okay. I'm gonna go on a limb here and just see if. I can understand what she's trying to say if somebody's asking you for something that is honestly outside of your ability to deliver or your willingness to deliver.

Then you need to say. So okay. People need to learn to to live with this appointment and um they need to learn how to manage that and you and on the flip side we need to learn how to say no. To people and still feel okay.

With it and that's that's a challenge for all of us especially if it's someone we love and and or who claims to love us um. But other people's obsessions are not your problem and that sounds harsh. But it's true you know you ever see if you've ever heard the expression good fences make good neighbors good boundaries make good a good. Companions and friends and.

Associates and knowing how to maintain those boundaries when other when other people kind of tread on them is important right. If it's not something you're willing to do if it's not something you're capable of doing. Then you need to just be up front with it right. I.

I do this all the time when. I'm sitting in front of a room and everybody wants to secret to the universe for me and. Then lastly. I don't know how to look.

When. I say. I don't know right. Or some of my high level coaching clients who want a a product or service that is well and truly beyond the scope of what their package um entails.

I have to as much as it hurts me sometimes to say no. To the people. I love most in my in my business and in my in. Planet.

David you have to it's the only way to to maintain your integrity and and your energy because people will suck you dry right. In fact one of the things. I'll probably be posting a demo uh. Next week or.

So one of the things we talked about at vibrational healing was these energetic chords that people attached to you and once they're attached to you they can use those chords to draw your life force away and part of the ways they'll do that is through emotional manipulation um and. So we you'll actually see me pulling all these cords out of this young lady and she's her eyes. Are closed and she has no. Idea where.

I'm pulling and you'll see her just all over the place right. So again good boundaries and and just be up front and say look. I love you. But.

But this is not gonna happen right. Tony kind. David can energy affect your luck or karma for years now from women to money and everything. I feel like my luck is.

I just changed that everything explodes in my face and. I'm back to court yeah energy can change and change your luck um. But mostly what changes your luck is the way you program that energy if if you build up too much energy whatever is inside of you gets. Amplified.

So um. But a lot of things a lot of times the way that the neurology works and the energetic interaction with the non-local universe works is in order for you to have a certain thing you have to become a certain thing and in order for you to become a certain thing sometimes things have to break things have to like just dissolve right. In order to you know if you're if you you know use a what. I call a golden handcuffs example if you're making a hundred thousand dollars a year and you want a seven-figure business right.

And you start manifesting all of a sudden you get fired or laid off or your company goes through a a downsizing and you and you're you're out of a job we would think of that as the worst luck ever. But that that 100 000 a year job may have been making you far too comfortable to go and actually start that seven figure business and now you're in that do or die situation and now you're highly motivated to do it you were that you manifested it not because you were doing something wrong. But because in order for you to become that person the universe saw the shortest distance between where you were and where you needed to be based on what you were trying to manifest and it is okay. We'll just get this out of the way and poof now he has to sink or swim or she has to sink or swim right.

Um one of the things. I was told in in my mystical training is the spirit world doesn't really care about what your life is like um when you start working and manifesting it's going to look. At the shortest distance between two points and all the things that have to happen for you to become that person from a. Quantum non-linear perspective and it's just going to start pulling by pushing buttons sometimes it's fast sometimes it's a little longer um.

But you just got to be kind of at peace with how how things are evolving because it's all going to come back to non-attachment and the other thing that you know the question was asked earlier is how do you make a distinction between relentlessness and lust for results and. I think the key to it is how attached you are to it right. I think attachment has a lot to do with it um. So hopefully that answers the question what are the best sub modalities to use for the.

GPS timeline that depends on the person chosen um everybody's going to have a different set of sub modalities that resonate most powerfully with them uh when. I teach frame. Game or. Magic.

Frame we're using. Global generic human sub modalities. But there's also a more personal level to that dashboard and that's what you use in your timeline work. So you're going to have to elicit that in and of yourself.

So you can figure out what the most powerful sub modalities for you are uh brick. T says is there any better alternative to. Young. I'm gonna assume you mean young in dream reading.

I do not know of any um. But every system has some level of. Dream. Magic or dream interpretation.

I would go with whatever you whatever your gut compression is on a particular dream unless you have a lot of training in the symbolics of a certain system and even indoctrinated those um he's going with your. First impressions and what it those dream symbols mean to you are always a more consistent way to go uh. Alessandra says thanks. David you're welcome.

Mari. Shabbat says. David where should one start in his martial. Journey what would you focus on.

First thing. I would focus on is what do you want to be able to do um as a byproduct of training martial arts now every martial art that you train should satisfy the self-defense criteria after that you need to ask yourself okay. Do you want to compete are you interested in. F in uh martial sports or do you wanna you wanna win trophies do you want to win.

MMA matches right. Are you more interested in history. Classics tradition um and. Then.

Finally what's your body type what's your personality like are you a very big very strong um. Woody or earthy kind of a person are you more slight lightweight like my wife for example it's 110 pounds soaking wet she can do. Brazilian. Jiu.

Jitsu and. Muay. Thai until she's blue in the face. But unless she devotes seven to 18 hours a day to to building up the muscle it's it's it's gonna be it's diminishing returns and she loves those.

Arts. So she plays she. So she practices them um. But again what's your body type if you've got very long legs right.

Um maybe you're maybe you just you know you need to learn that's that's primarily kicking if you're very short in. Squat and you have a low center of gravity grappling. Arts might be a better a better uh fit for you right. Um if you're someone who is a finesse flowy uh wiry kind of a person you might want something like a.

Wing. Chun art or a um bagua or the. Filipino. Martial arts.

I think is a great um. I like the. Filipino. Martial arts because it allows me to go into the harder.

Arts like uh karate and. Kenpo um as well as the bagua the shingy and the taiji that. I do and also lets me use my. Systema which has a completely different way of training than every other art.

I've ever studied um. I love my. Wing. Chun.

I love my aiki. Jiu. Jitsu because that's where they all kind of meet. So and.

Then of course once it's you know once it's satisfied that that mean inability to protect yourself what do you want to be able to do with it long term do you want to be able to work with energy do you want to be able to develop um these these energetic abilities that some of the esoteric martial arts um purport to give their practitioners right. If you if that's what you want. Then studying. MMA or you know some of the the you know the combat or things of that nature it's probably not going to be the best fit for you right.

So those are the things you should think about and. Then visit schools that do those things talk to the instructors talk to the students take us take as many um sample classes as you can and find an instructor that resonates with you right. That's the best. I can make sure they have a good reputation okay.

So. I hope that helps. Ultra transformation therapy hi. David what would you say is the.

Philosopher's. Stone in the work that you do well the. Philosopher's. Stone is the ability to transmute one level of energy or substance into something else that's the.

Philosopher's. Stone. Philosopher's. Stone is both a metaphorical and a literal thing um.

I have never experienced the physical side of it. But. I have encountered teachers who have seen people literally transform like a a copper coin or a silver coin into gold right. There's a.

But it's not us through a stone per se it's through an ability to interface with the vibrational and atomic structure of a of matter and for a temporary for a short amount of time change it okay. Um. But in a nutshell the. Philosopher's.

Stone is the ability to take something that is base like if we're talking about emotions for example take something in his base like anger rage hatred and transmuting it into something positive and. Powerful like love or unconditional love on a on a. Qigong level on a nagong level it's the ability to take. Jing speed up its vibration and turn it into.

Chi speed up its vibration and turn it into. Shen or. Spirit which is a higher higher higher very a vibration of energy that gives you more and more power and actually can be used to rebuild and re and recreate the body. But it's really the power to transmute want from one thing that is of a lower frequency or density or vibration to something of a higher and vice versa because you can also accumulate energy from the universe and condense it down and create more.

Jing at which enhances and builds the body. So. I think it's the way we commonly think of the. Philosopher's.

Stone is you know training something based into something higher. But. I think it can also be the other way. I think what we truly want is the ability to change anything to turn anything we want into anything we want and that's why we call it we do alchemy because we're literally taking a base in motion or a negative feeling or a disease and turning it into its opposite which is a form of alchemy.

So. I hope that answers your question. Jacob. Lee what do you know about color personality synesthesia.

I have a friend who can read personalities and thought processes through someone's color just like face reading well. First and foremost um when you say color psych color personality synesthesia. I do not know what that means. So.

I cannot really uh comment on it um let's see here how is it like being a oh it's like. I'm. I'm scrolling up guys just bear with me holy cow there's a lot of questions okay. Hold on just bear with me folks wow there's a lot of questions okay.

You guys must have missed me by the way if you're enjoying the. AMA please like and share please let everybody know where they can come to get their question answered also um two weeks from now here in. San. Diego for those of you who are interested in law of attraction manifestation energetics we are doing a three-day hidden.

Laws of. Attraction uh. Zero to. Hero manifestation.

Mastery class if you're interested in coming and attending that if you have a. VIP ticket let. Stephanie know go to 858-282-4663 and let her know or email. Stephanie at aol.com uh let me also uh let me go to my website and just kind of post that link because.

I would really like to if because a lot of your stuff is you're asking me a lot about energetics this is your chance to come and train with me um and we can dive deep into this energetic well um. I just thought about it while. I was talking about. I said why don't.

I tell them about the class we got coming up. So they can all come um sometimes. I forget to actually promote my stuff. So if you're interested in the class go click that link there um let's see here.

David thoughts on gurjev ospensky. Fourth. Way system did you study it. I know of gurgif.

I think. I might have read some of his stuff about 40 years ago. I do not remember it to be quite honest uh. But my wife some of my friends like.

Dimitri some of my mega students. Dimitri and. Laura they're big fans of dirty stuff um uh. So.

I. I again. I'll put it on my reading list right. Uh secizan-san says if you get in reporters and.

I went to a dominant. State well they become dominant or submissive thank you for your work great question they will either they will the answer is yes. Here's what. I mean when you start playing with.

State control and you set enter into like a master in. Commander state most people will go into a subordinate state. But that subordinate state will have a feeling of confidence and comfort connected to it if you're doing it right. Because when somebody goes into something like.

Master and. Commander they emanate a sense of certainty and calmness that is very reassuring to people okay. They can go into their uh what we call complementary state or a reciprocal state. So if.

I go into. Master and. Commander the vast majority of time people will become a little bit more subservient a little bit more. But sometimes they'll become an equal goal they'll go into a master in.

Commander. State too which can also work in your favor because it's a much more positive state for them and. So although all they really know is that when you go into that state or when that all of a sudden they feel better and more comfortable and calm because that's what mastering. Commander does.

So most of the time they'll go into um the complementary state. So you go dominant they're going to go subordinate. But every now and. Then you'll get people who go who become reciprocal in that you go dominant they become dominant too.

But you and. So you have to really be able to um pay attention to what the feedback that you're getting. So you know how to manage it it's a great question and something. I cover in killer influence you usually see that particular phenomena happen when we start generating feelings of attractive versus attracted um we don't see it quite.

So much in the in the mastering. Commander or the or the dominance. Arena let's see here uh have you ever accessed the akashic records not by name. I've gotten downloads and stuff like that all the time did they come from the akashic record.

I don't know. I've never really used that term uh. D. MC says.

David have you ever heard of hysterical strength and how to tap into it. So we can use it at will when we need it please well. First and foremost historical strength by definition implies um a really deep. Primal shift in.

Consciousness. But um there is in the. Fuji. Kiri there is a.

Mantra symbol and a mantra and an energy work or mudra symbolicious and a process for generating tremendous strength um the. OM. Namo. Rama om.

Mantra can start to generate that too the problem is again and the key word you're using is hysterical right. You don't want to become. Berserker right. But you can build like when my students would practice the.

Rin mudra a lot of times like. Seth would do uh he would actually uh he would do the. Rin mudra and some of the other kuji right. Before a workout he would notice a significant bump in his strength.

So. I think the more um the more evolved and energetically evolved you become the more you can start to generate those kinds of strength. But we all have that ability the problem is is that we can generate far more strength than our body can handle. So many times when you hear these stories about the mom who lifts the the vehicle off their five-year-old right.

She does it. But. Then you don't hear about all the torn muscles and the the the broken bones because the body's not ready for that that kind of um exertion on a consistent basis um. But there's there are ways to do these things like.

I said there's a lot of different practices out there that will lead to the ability to bend steel and stuff like that if you want to reference probably the best guy to reference is a guy called the um the amazing. Adam. Joseph. Weinstein um it was a very famous strong man um in the early part of the 20th century he would literally pull.

Bend. Steel in his teeth he would pull airplanes with his hair um. Joseph. Weinstein.

I believe is his name and supposedly he was a practitioner of. Kabbalah. So. Kabbalah might have a might have something to do with that as well and if we take the um the the myth of.

Samson as any indication there are ways to do these things. So um brick. T okay. David can you demystify entities as it's hard to imagine if they could want anything earthy and how you even communicate with them to begin with our deities the same or some project okay.

These are getting we're getting some pretty deep questions here. So. First and foremost. I'm going to just put out my public service announcement um don't mess with entities okay.

Um most people aren't well trained enough to deal with these things uh and there are many many many many many many many many different types of entities some are very transient they they're created they're thought forms that are created in the moment when you have this massive. Spike of emotion and this little semi-scented energy packet is created um that has a very brief lifespan and. Then it's gone. But.

Then some of these they they find ways to feed and they take on a life of their own they go. Rogue right. So those are thought forms. But you also swimming in an ocean of energetic you know think about how many different types of fish live in the ocean and.

Then understand that you're a fish in an ocean of energy. So you have everything from you know the equivalent of energetic. Plankton all the way up to energetic apex predators right. And and all points in between.

So. But entities are sentient energetic and spiritual life forms and the truth is is that most of them are stuck one of the interesting things about a human body as well as this particular plane is that it's the place you can come to level up and. So spiritual entities are looking a for food sources which is how a lot of them get attached to your energy field. But some of them are looking for a vehicle they're looking for something they can step into and overshadow and possess it.

So they can stay here and do things okay. Um and. Then it just gets weirder right. But that's basically what entities do in order to evolve at this on the spiritual planes you need a physical body and because the physical body is composed of all five elements uh it has an energy body and a spirit body as well as a soul that the entities can come in and by traumatizing or depleting the body in a certain way they make it much more malleable to influence and it can eventually overshadow the soul again depending on how powerful.

The. Entity is it can overshadow the. Soul and actually create a little barrier between the soul itself the spirit body the energy body and the physical body and it can take over right. Um.

I'm at my training. I'm actually. I've actually finished a very intense training. Last month um which was the entry point into understanding how these things work and how to remove them right.

But there's there's everything from archangels to you know like. I said the the the the energetic and equivalent of phytoplankton. Elementals and composite beings and thought forms and you know elves and fairies and nature spirits and stuff there's. So many different things right.

Um in terms of deities it really depends on how you think about it in the mystical. Traditions they have this thing known as deity magic where you imagine a deity that represents your right. The ideal thing that you want to develop and you contemplate it and you send energy back you receive energy you send energy and what happens after a certain amount of time you can start to actually take on those attributes. But if you keep going deeper and deeper into the deity magic process you suddenly realize this is again from the.

Buddhist tradition you suddenly realize that that image is just a projection of your true self. Allah. Neville guarded the. I am.

Consciousness is creating something outside of itself. But it's really a projection and it's it's all just you right. Um. But because it's one of the ways that you can manifest specific mystical and magical abilities and things like that.

So hopefully that answers the question hypnosis what is the best way to program energy when you've done the exercise pulling down the heavens and done the three invocations well that really depends on what you want to do in right. Um you can do thought forms you can uh pull down a chord of. Divine. Light just turn it into a shape or a symbol and turn it into a.

Talisman you can embody it in water or um verbs or there's. So many different ways uh to do that to work with that energy um. So. But you always start with uh you know the pulling down the heavens three.

Divine well um are you doing the one through ten as well do you do you put the one through ten in between the point down the heavens and the three invocations are you just going from pulling down the. Heavens to the three invocations okay. Ghost. Rider hi the animals.

TV says what do you think about this guy channeling a spirit called. Bashar again um it's not my place to pass judgment on anyone who's channeling all right. The the biggest and most important issue is is the information you're getting producing a result for you right. Um.

I don't. Channel entities. I get downloads. But.

I don't um. I don't let anybody in to my system uh other than. God and that's only because. God created it in the.

First place. So. I really don't you know. I have to allow that.

I don't let entities in. I don't need to because a kabbalist can do all these things without having to channel. But um. But again.

Bashar has been around a long time. Seth has been around a long time um there's been a lot of really high level channelers out there. But. I'm not.

I'm not a big fan of channeling that doesn't mean. I haven't learned some interesting things from the the information that's come through. But. I'm not.

I again. I don't you know you have a body it's your body letting other people share it not the best not the best approach okay. Um nikolaki says. I've been teaching face reading for the past eight years.

I'm amazed every time. I see your presentation how much more. I need to learn lovely and bridges book. On.

Chinese face ring thank you. Nico. I. I love.

Lillian. Too and the more. I learn this stuff the less. I know and.

So thank you. So much for for being part of our journey together um. Jacob. Lee says what is hakalau.

I heard you mentioned it in a few times when talking about. State control. But. I couldn't find a name on it well.

First of all you have to spell it right. It's h-a-k a l-a-u hakalau and you can find it mentioned largely in the. Huna tradition which is a. Polynesian spiritual tradition.

So any of the books by. Max. Freedom long are great um. John lotzeret who just recently passed away in his una courses would talk a lot about hakalau if you come to killer influence uh hidden laws of attraction or vibrational influence we will teach you hakala brick.

T says. I do kegel. But. I can't really keep it in you know what.

I mean how do you even transmute the fluid just contract certain muscles or is there some trick to to there's a lot of tricks to it um some of the ways that you can you have to you have to squeeze the anal sphincter tight the tighter you can close and crunch the the gluteus muscles the anal sphincter and. The. Perennial muscles um and hold that and drive the energy upward um that's going to go the furthest for you okay. Um you may need to you may need to use your hand and press uh into the hoi end or the perineum not um and if you press if you if you palpate between your legs you'll feel a little uh cavity you press up in there as you're reaching orgasm or about to ejaculate you can actually you can actually keep the the ejaculate in and drive the energy upwards.

So sometimes we need to manually manipulate those those pressure points uh to do the semen retention. Stevo no. Comment says keep doing what you're doing. David what you're teaching is going completely changed is going to completely change people's lives.

I'm planning on coming all the way from. Scotland to one of your seminars fantastic. Stevo. I look.

Forward to seeing you very very soon. Ghostwriter what's your thoughts on shemhama. Forest. I love it.

I. I am an avid practitioner of the 72 names uh and. I've been a practitioner of the 72 names for over 30 years um that is my specialty that is my focus uh in the kabbalistic studies um. Justin tank says what are your thoughts on.

Ross. Jeffries and speech deduction uh. I have many. I have many uh better question give you a better answer uh.

Ghostbusters. I like speed seduction. But it requires linguistic skill absolutely brick. T some people claim to channel.

Atlantean entities or some other. Galaxy they are real and can again when people start talking about channeling my my detector goes off. But. Then.

I have to check myself and say okay. Is the information useful if the information is useful. Then. I don't care where it comes from or who who says they're giving it to it you know um um brick tea thrill freak chill says.

Dr. David my question again a narcissist be hypnotized absolutely says how to change your default state from negative to positive change your posture change your breathing and hold it for at least two minutes. Average. Joe can we do magic frame with our eyes.

Open and cycling too yes. An says what's the difference between frame and state because each one will happen when you do the other explain expand that all right. So. First of all a frame is the meaning that you assign to any particular context or interaction a state is the sum total of the body feelings and perceptual filters that you're experiencing that can influence how you perceive a frame or your place in it.

So they they do interact quite a lot. But they are very different a frame is the meaning you assign to a situation or circumstance the people and the behaviors in it and a state is a combination of body feelings and perceptual filters and emotions um just in time how do you read all the books you read and remember them any advice to more hyper obsessive to be more learn to love it all right. My. I love reading.

I love knowledge. I love finding pieces here and pieces here and pieces here and putting together to create something that has been lost or has never been seen before or just gets us from where we from point. A to point. Z faster and reading and reading and research.

Is. My. Jam it's one of the things that [Music] um excites me and because. I don't.

I'm not done. I you know the more things. I learn to do or understand the more things. I want to be able to learn do and understand and.

So um after a while you have to change because you're acquiring. So much information and data. So fast you have to change how you go through it. But that's a different issue uh learning to finding reasons to love what you do is the fastest way to get good at it okay.

John few says any tips for dealing with a bully boss. I'm in training in a lot of fear of getting sacked as a manager seems to like she is sabotaging me okay. Um the best thing you can do is make your bully boss your friend. So.

I would start with uh. Echo technique three magic questions. Criterion values listation and um see if that doesn't change the dynamic between you and her if that doesn't work. Then.

I would start looking for another job or go to. HR and strap in and prepare to fight for your rights right. It could be that you just remind her of someone that she doesn't like it could be that you said something she could view you as competition there could be a lot of reasons why she's it seems intent on sabotaging you. So the fastest thing the most the most um effective thing you can do is turn her into a friend you do that by echoing uh three magic questions.

Criterion value solicitation emotional bonding techniques and. Then maybe even using the resistance removal formula if that's appropriate to do. So. Tyrus says hi.

Dr. D. Hey. Joe.

Tyrus all right. We're coming into the home stretch here um. Lottie says in the 1920s 30s and 40s newsreels people seem to be popping with energy and talking doing chatting dancing. Factory workstation where did they get their.

Zippy energy they got it from not being in front of a freaking video screen for 12 hours a day uh popping back and forth from. Instagram to. Facebook. To.

Twitter and back and forth you got to remember that in those years again in those years you know the television screen was just if they had a television it was this big they had a radio most a lot of these people still only had outhouses right. You had you you had all these you were much more social you were much more. Community oriented because there there wasn't these dopamine pumping um terminals. So people were naturally more inclined to to socialize and fraternize and go do things right.

You had if most people didn't have cars if you wanted a gut somewhere especially in the 20s and 30s if you needed to go somewhere you either you either took. Public transportation or you walked right. So they had a lot more energy because they needed it and. So they used it right.

But we've been sabotaged as a on a biological physiological level because of the the systems in place the powers that be our our whole our whole energetic system has been with pardon my. French. But you know um the just the nutrients in the 1920s and there's the nutrients in the soil were significantly like higher than they are now right. There were.

So many things that are different right. Um. But here's the thing the more time you spend away from your computer the more time you spend actually walking and doing things after about 30 to 90 days you won't want to sit in front of your computer anymore because you'll have other things you want to do it's really hard to unplug because the system's rigged to keep you here the system's ready to keep pumping you full of dopamine and getting you excited for the. Next click or the.

Next cat video or whatever and again. I'm shooting myself in the foot by saying these things. But this is the truth this is the world we live in. So if you want something different you've got to do something different right.

And anybody who says just buy my product buy this supplement or there's something again they're trying to sell you something it's a lifestyle shift you have to make not a nutrient shift you have to make all right. Nutrients are important. But it's about how you live your life as well as the foods you eat and other things. So again.

I'm going to get off my soapbox here. But um. Ghostwriter what's your thoughts on. Abraxas from gnosticism and the demiurge from gnosticism okay.

So abraxis is a demon um and you're dropping all kinds of interesting terminology here. So for our group elaborate on gnosticism abraxis and demiurge and uh. So we're all make sure we're talking about the same thing okay. Um.

Justin says thoughts when it comes to semen retention and manifestation doesn't help in your experience yes. Uh synonym retention is very good for most people um that has the highest content of ether or void or or the highest element is the is the void or or the uh. Akasha and that's where it resides in the semen let's see here. Justin.

Tang thoughts about. Neville guard were. Goddard what are the similarities and differences you see in what you teach and what. Neville teaches interestingly.

I've just started this past year as. I just. I just picked up one of his books and. I just started reading.

I'm only two or three um books into it. But there's nothing that he's teaching that. I disagree with um the only thing that. I see different is is our some some of our terminology is a little bit different um and kind of where he's you know what he starts with is different or his starting point is different.

But by and large. I don't see a whole lot of difference that was one of the things that was shocking because for many for for almost 12 15 years that. I've been doing my. YouTube channel um people would constantly asking me about.

Neville. Goddard or comparing me to. Neville. Goddard and.

I never studied a sing. I didn't even know who the guy was quite frankly for for a long long time and. Then one of my. SEO guys said one of the keyword.

Search terms you come up with whenever we search on you is. Neville. Goddard manifesting. I was like well damn it maybe.

I should study that. So. I just grabbed a bunch of his books and. I started uh going through it.

I was like holy like we're we're literally parallel to each it was it was it was a mind to me really um. But it's also interesting that there's nothing new. Under the. Sun is there it's just a um maybe a faster more practical way to apply those principles and that's kind of my my mission in life is to find faster better more consistent ways to do these things.

So. I think he's. I think everybody could benefit from studying goddard's work um. I certainly got tremendous confirmation um that.

I was on the right. Track which. I get a lot. Anyway.

But. I because. I'm such a. Hands-On kind of person and about like what can you write you show me right.

Now you know. I was pretty confident what we were doing. Anyway. But it was interesting to see how.

Goddard talked about his stuff back in the day. So highly recommended um brick says how to be sensitive to energy flow are there practices that tell you that feel energy certain oh of course there are there's hundreds of practices out there for that there's there's pretty much any. Qigong system will do it chronic healing will do it. Reiki will do it uh the.

Bankston system will do it there's lots of different different trainings for that. David bull says can you please explain remote influence especially how you get kinesthetic rapport with a person far away you get kinesthetic. Report with a person far away the same way you get kinesthetic or the person is right. Next to you energetic and vibration are non-local phenomena.

But we start you standing. Next to a person. So you can test it. So you can develop confidence and um calibrate how your body translates those connections into.

Sensations um. So remote influence is the ability to tap into a person's unconscious mind and generate a state of body feelings and internal representations that cause them to think and feel along a certain path remote influence can take many different forms um depending on what school of thought you're you're tapping into. So um how is it like being a father uh again ghost you're you're losing me here on how is it like being a father um. Rick.

T says there seems to be some practice that make your soul leave your body and old spiritual people who want to leave their body before sickness will you leave your body on your own terms or wait for. The. Bitter. End uh.

I'm working on immortality. So. I want to become an immortal. So.

I can. I have a choice whether to take my body with me or not uh and. I'm slowly acquiring those practices um to do that. But um at the end of the day if.

I have to go. I'd rather be it on my own terms rather than just be rip screaming from it uh. Adrian. Martinez can using.

Magic. Frame increase manifestation with the more sub modalities while spin cycling it back into you. Adrian you're going to have to test that to find out um all of all the techniques in the transformational. Triad can be used for manifestation uh when you see how you combine them is really up to you cat down the road says.

Dr. David have you ever seen anybody have a seizure as a result of this kind of energy work not really no. Not really in fact. I've we've actually used it to to dissolve or to to slow down seizures uh when they were when they're in a state where they could actually follow um follow our instructions.

I've actually seen people some of them are actually on this um on this call right. Now uh who who had a seizure and. Then we used. Framing and color and color breathing to actually bring them back out of it out of the few that come the post-dictal state we've actually used that.

But. I've never seen it cause a tumor or a cause of seizure. So. Sonic product says appreciate your time.

David any tips on trying to give up control from a control freak primarily myself cutting cords on controlling myself and my path just need to let go more identity by. Design um just start practicing the identity by. Design. Silo and you'll start to you'll start to clean a lot of that up there's lots of powerful techniques in that system that'll allow you to gain control by giving it up okay.

What are your thoughts on d-wave technology bringing in entities like certain type things okay. I don't know anything about that honestly ghost. I really don't um you're asking is really really interesting questions. But when it comes to discern collider and d-wave technology and these things.

I don't know anything about them. I know of them. But. I don't really know much about them my students actually know more about these things because most of them are.

Engineers or or. Builders or computer you know um who know the sciencey side of things much more than. I do chainsaw. Erickson what's up sweet that's thanks for the surprise you're welcome.

Heather says how do you distinguish between stubbornness versus relentlessness it's very very simple um. I'm going to turn off my to do this example. I am going to actually turn off um my virtual background. So you can understand it you guys will get a kick out of this okay.

So for those of you who want to understand the difference between stubborn and relentless let's say. I want to get out of the room okay. This is relentless [Music] hey. I'm out of the room this is stubborn oh yeah hold on a.

Second all right. Hopefully uh hopefully that explains the difference between stubborn and relentless see here man says hey. David. I've been playing around with spinning with biogeometry symbols to quote the great philosopher.

Borat great success excellent knowledge is key says. I've been image cycling ever since you announced it around a year ago and still really nothing what's the best block remover. I've even done all the identity by. Design techniques do.

I need more vak knowledge. I think. I think. I need to know more about what you're trying to manifest um because there may be something something inside of you or some knowledge that you need to get that would facilitate that that's usually the stumbling block okay.

Um see. AP. Kang says thanks for the breakdown to get better social and socially identity by. Design in.

Vegas was awesome going to be at killer influence in. January see. Then okay. Amber good.

Tony kind thank you. Lottie. Martin says thanks. David.

Ghostwriter. Jack shamash okay. Lottie gives me three hearts yay. Nathan mayor can we imagine or fill the other person with our happy energy colors like the colors that we generate that's connected to a feeling does that create it can if you understand the bridging drills we teach in killer influence it absolutely can affect them in fact if you know the bridging drills it will affect them the only question is degree uh brick.

T can you cure late stage cancer just curious when it's too late my personal belief is that as long as your heart's beating it's never too late. Miracles can happen at any time. I never use the word cure um in context of things like cancer have. I helped people yes.

Have. I worked with people and. Then they've gone into remission or their cancer goes away yes. Can.

I cure cancer no. Right. Um. So again you got to be careful when you start throwing that cure word around especially if you got a.

DI uh like a doctor in front of your name or like that right. I. I have watched the body do amazing things um as a result of the techniques that we were using okay. So file that in the way that it's it's meant to be okay.

Nathan mayor uh see here okay. I'm seeing all the. I'm seeing all the laughing out loud from my stubbornness demonstration door says w e f d all right. Average.

Joe listening to. YouTube with you with or without you okay. Um stubborn and. Relentless.

I had a question about self-control. I have. So much self-control and everything except one part it's really annoying okay. How to get the leadership in any group um the secret is to get rapport with the.

Rapport leader and actually use their halo effect to influence the leader and to be accepted by the group it's actually really simple we teach it in killer influence. Alaska says. I have a question about self-control. I have.

So much control in every again that that. Alaska there's no. Question there sweetie um. So if you can tell me more about the context.

I can probably help you with that um okay. All right. Well it looks like we're at the home stretch um hey. I want to thank you all for coming out and spending some time with me.

I was. I was just really you know having been away for two weeks you know missing the the amas and the and the masterminds and stuff like that. I just really wanted to reach out and connect with everybody and um. I promise we'll start putting out some more of the the video footage from the 11 day.

Extravaganza um if you haven't signed up for hidden. Laws of. Attraction uh in two weeks please please click this link go to the and and reserve your spot it'll be here in. San.

Diego at. Marina. Village and um for the. Next 15 people that register.

I might even throw. I'll throw in an extra video uh course just to say thank you for for jumping on and and becoming part of our thing there are no. Prerequisites for hidden loss of. Attraction just go to this go to that link click the click this setup link and step and reach out to.

Stephanie if you have questions and uh. I love you all good night. God bless we'll talk to you soon take care.
