Title: Psychological Tips For Success - &quot;Ask Me Anything with Dr. David Snyder
File Name: v6uLTvoo-iE.txt
Video Id: v6uLTvoo-iE
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v6uLTvoo-iE

Guys how you doing uh this is david uh let me see here okay. This is being live streamed i'm uh streaming to you live from what i lovingly call the nlp powerhouse um this is my upstairs video streaming studio i've got three bays in this new place. So we tested it out and i just wanted to make sure that everybody could uh could see me because i'll be doing a private ama for my my uh my subscription members a little bit. Later and i oh look.

Wow everybody's on holy cow where'd you will come from let's see here there's bjorn uh let's see here ron alexis george matt laura ultra transformation and trading with clarity thank you. So much for joining billy hey billy long time no. See brother holy cow all right. Bad people are always good.

So i'm good right. On slimer daniel marcel the beau evening david helping breakfast for super super glad to be a part of the community lots of books yes. This is actually a uh let me i'm kind of i have to bounce between my zoom platform because i'm actually streaming by proxy through zoom. So there's a little bit of a delay um let me see if i can re configure this.

So i can see people's chats without confusing myself as to where to look. All right. Matt says i got notification i'm. So excited thanks for the invite oh you're welcome like i said this is uh this is going to be a real short one at least my intention is for it to be short.

But you know things never quite go uh as we intend. So while you got me what do you want to know about what do you want to hang out about um is the lighting okay. Let me change the lighting a little bit you tell me what you think uh is that better or do you like it the other way there's is the isn't it ngoc is is it doc or knock looks good richard says hey stop help rocker i love some of you guys uh cool names man. So what's going on in your world you guys getting ready for the holidays what's what's going on talk to me type it in the chat because i can't well obviously we don't have voice.

So. But talk to you what's going on you look. Like a star wars guy a nice look. Actually this is kind of my little bit of my fan boy outfit um this video is actually or this vest rather is rather a um uh it's taken from a a very uh a television show that was back popular a few years ago called lost girl i don't know if you saw it about a succubus anymore the male lead character had these really cool vests all the time his name was dyson and i found people who did costumes and wardrobes based on uh television shows and i found this and i was like i gotta have that.

So. Anyway seth says i like this way better laura says devil looks better after you change the lighting okay. Stop rocker says the vest is cool the shirt is from um warnstar.com they do a lot of rockstar style clothing. So i put this look.

Together all by my lonesome. But uh thank you for for liking it alexis says it's been crazy we just moved jeff says hi david uh it looks very indiana jones has a little bit of that vibe to it yeah i kind of i kind of rocked that grock that a little bit to use some old-time terminology matt peter says i'm looking for charger you mean the self-mastery supercharger are you looking for the videos are you looking to to enroll in the course we've only got a few seats left for that. So if you're interested you might want to um at least if i can post a link for you guys one. Second here streaming the internet slows down just a wee bit we got a great 22 2023 plan.

So if you guys are are interested in getting out of your house and actually you know hanging out with me for a few days um we got an amazingly cool schedule i'm excited about it um and i'm hoping a lot of you can join us let's see self mastery supercharger three day boot camp january 13th through the 15th let me go ahead and get you that link for anybody who's interested if you're not interested just ignore it there you go uh let's see here james ross says dyson look. As cool i thought. So i thought. So uh let's see here laura says grades are starting to post schweda is asking what am i here for i'm here to hang i was testing my equipment i thought i'd just hang out with my peeps you know it's been a while you know with the schedule i have right.

Now it's. So hard to to maintain a good consistent you know just reaching out either virtually or through social media i mean a lot of people are just living on social media right. Now and believe it or not i'm doing my best not to um because i think what's important for us is that we need to focus on real relationships not virtual ones now granted if all you can do is virtual. Then you do what you got.

But if you have the wherewithal to get out and be amongst people and feel okay. With it i think you're gonna find it's gonna improve everything else about the other aspects of your life one of the things that i've really been kind of railing against for quite some time is this enforced isolationism you know to a certain degree i understand it. But like. So many things human beings do we've gone way way overboard we've gone to the extreme and now the pendulum started to swing back.

So i think for our health and for the sake of you know realizing we're all in this together um we need to get back together and not just build these virtual firewalls between us where we're connected by video connections. So as much as i appreciate and i love social media i think i think we need to all come together physically and kind of build our communities together and that's just my my ramblings. So to speak uh let's see um can i swedish can i talk about channeling i can't talk about channeling you gotta give me a specific question one of the things you're gonna find out when i do an anime and um this is a public ama i'll be doing a private one. Later about 5 p.m pacific for my platinum and diamond members.

So if you guys want to participate in that and that's a little bit more interactive because i actually post a zoom link and we literally just have a conversation rather than me just talking to you through chat or whatever if i were to do that on you know through this medium just a public thing it would be chaos. But for those of you who want a little bit more personal attention a little bit more personal life answers i encourage you at least join our platinum membership. So you can uh. So you can actually participate in those they get kind of we can get to 40 50 people at a time in there.

But that's still somewhat manageable much more. So than this where the chats are literally flying by. So fast i can barely see a lot of them right. Um uh jeff says i watched john overdurf okay.

On the uh on the deep transfer phenomenon team transcendentification that we talked about i'm assuming right. Bjorn is asking do you have an event scheduled for 2022 yes. If you go to davidsnydernlp.com forward slash events in fact here's a link again this is to myself mastery supercharger course which is the. First one we're doing uh live in january.

But there's a whole list of events coming up throughout 2022 up through may i believe we've got events we may actually have them actually through november now. But we actually we actually have uh events planned uh all the way up throughout 2023 um it's just i think only the 2022 ones have made it to the website. So far. So if you guys want to plan out your year um this is a good way to do it keep in mind that depending on you know if a lot of our trainings are actually tax deductible if you're taking them for things you're if you're taking things that you're going to use in your business you can actually write off this a lot of people know that some people don't you can write off most of your seminars as some form of training and and get the deduction and a little bit of a tax break.

So um that's actually something i've been doing most of my life i pretty much made my entire uh life a tax write-off by finding the things i love to do um paying to do them and. Then training other people to do them. So i get i get it on both ends um. So that's a little you know again make your lifestyle your tax write-off if that makes any kind of sense um.

So let's see here abraham hicks i believe there's balthazar guy i think he's fake okay. People are asking me about uh channel sources which i'm i'm not an expert on i can talk about it um. But i i kind of grew out of my channeling phase back in the late 90s when i. First moved to uh coral springs florida and i was it's actually where i got in i was actually living in uh just between the border of pembroke pines and davey florida when i.

First got into hardcore metaphysics which started with reiki and. Then it kind of went through this whole pleiadian phase and kind of worked my way back to mainstream and now i'm moving towards that uh merging of extremes again. But i went through the whole uh the seth phase and all these other different channeling processes and i'm i think they can bring through good information. But i also am highly skeptical because once again when you're starting to deal with metaphysics um it's very very easy to be sold a bunch of snake oil.

So here's here's my my thoughts on channeling and i'll go through some of the other questions that i see popping up here um i think it's important that spiritual knowledge spiritual information can come to us from anything it can come to us from anywhere it can come to us really from like to quote lex luthor some people can read the back of a man a cereal box and come away with the secrets of the universe other people can have the weight of the quran or the bible fall on their head and never get it um. So i think if you're really conscious and and you're open to things your filters are set a certain way um spiritual knowledge spiritual um ideas can come from anywhere. But here's and this is something i take from the buddhists and i think it's something that has really stood the test of time uh it certainly made its way into everything i teach and that is simply this believe nothing test everything um be open to the possibility that something is possible take the information and test it and if it if it's solid if it bears fruit build it into your platform or your way of doing things and. Then seek to add something else.

But always always always be testing the information that you receive period end of story i really can't stress that enough some of us begin to um because we get into these deep trance states when people are channeling to us we're going to trans too people don't want to question or think about or apply or test the information that they're given and part of it is because there's a part of us that loves being in that flow state that that trance uh and because of that we don't want to break the flow of that state and we tend to just accept things that come in that get put into us without actually testing them i talk about this a lot in my cpi level 2 course which is all on the neuroscience of narrative and metaphor where we talk about omega stories which is why people believe things based that are they're given to them or delivered to them in the context of a story there's a lot of neuroscience that shows why people can believe and why in fact storytelling is by far the most powerful form of influence and persuasion known to man sort of a gun to your head um and and the scariest part about story work is that uh when it's done properly it's never perceived as an attempt to influence you just go into trance and just get sucked into the story um. But. Anyway. So um again i believe spiritual knowledge information can come from anywhere you know the question is how do you integrate it and how do you test it.

So i hope that that helps us here says where do i go to study for medics i start all of my students off didactically in other words theoretically i start off with initiation into her medics by franz barton it is not an easy i will warn you right. Up front it is not an easy read um and in many ways the hermetics are still guarding their secrets metaphysically you can you you could spend 10 or 20 years on that book. And still only begin to scratch the surface of it. But in the physical trainings that we do in the in the drills that we teach uh you can find the analogs to everything that we're doing in the real world in that book.

In some in some location. So um again if if you're going to study hermetics you gotta think long term this is not thermatics is not something that's gonna gonna it can pay you short term results we can shorten the curve. But we can't eliminate it um. But this is again this is a multiple lifetime study right.

If you believe in past lives. So start with initiation or hermetics i used to start people off with the kabbalian. But it's a little too poetic and a little too vague in some respects and some of my students have come to me saying you know it seems like there's an awful lot of embedded commands space throughout that particular book. And as i go back and i look.

At it i can see where that might be true um. So again be a little bit more educated on some of these books because the art of suggestion is not new it's been around for as long as mankind has been around and there are people out there who may have never opened an nlp book. In their life who are masters of delivering suggestion okay. Uh let's see here baram aha what are the outcomes of the program of vibrational influence what do people learn after finishing that program um lauren when you do vibrational influence you're going to start with the foundation skills of kinesthetic rapport and entrainment empathic transference and self-directed state control that we give you in killer influence uh cpi and to some degree in self-mastery supercharger and identity by design and.

Then you're gonna you're gonna realize that that is your foundation for all these other trans-personal phenomena. So you'll learn uh not only once you've figured out how to get and test report with another human being you learn how to get in test report with the universe the various elemental planes um how to use it for manifestation healing tapping into your psychic abilities self-evolution things of that nature um in the upcoming five a seven-day trip mega training that we're doing in costa rica in may we'll be going deep dive into jin creation advanced manifestation tactics and techniques uh kujin and kuji kiri uh practices from the ancient esoteric ninja and uh mikyo traditions uh we'll be doing reiki's one and two uh if with the reiki one for sure if we have time to be reiki two um we'll be covering that we going into energetic projection um elemental harmonics sound work um what else did i have planned for that um oh and some kabbalistic uh meditations for manifestation and transformation. So this is kind of um this is david just kind of doing a brain dump on whoever's in the room for seven straight days in a very systematic and experiential way there's going to be a huge amount of um drilling going on um not just going you're not going to be sitting taking notes. But um.

But yeah that's kind of what we got planned for vibrational influence our regular vibrational influence course covers remote healing remote viewing remote influence tactics energetic harmonics and elemental rapport as well as manifestation techniques. So i hope that that answers your question vertigo gives me a big heart thank you vertigo get smart quick says hate pleiadian and year one aliens lack practicality white like new ways nonsense ruining spirituality yeah self-help rocker i used to go to the spiritual retreats to see chandler's it was a cult i see chandler's as co-leaders they absolutely can be they absolutely can be um. But yeah. But here's the other thing and this is something that is always a little controversial just because something is a cult doesn't make it bad believe it or not not all cults are malevolent there certainly are a huge number of them that are manipulative and malevolent.

But they're also a lot who are actually doing some really good work. So before you know it's it's easy to throw that label cult around um. But at the end of the day look. At the what they're producing look.

At the results they're producing in the world before we run out and judge it if that makes any kind of sense right. Now if if the cult is absolutely you know limiting the people you could associate with is trying to run your life it's telling you all these things you know they do it or else kind of. Then you know again make the distinction between a benevolent animal level and cult. But just because something's occult doesn't make it evil doesn't make it bad okay.

People are always looking for a place to belong a place where they fit in and ironically cults aka communities do that right. Again as a hermeticist and as a neuro-linguistic programmer um i don't i don't tend to view the world through a simplified lens of good or evil you know good or not good uh i do it more. So through the eyes. Of is it promoting harmony and balance or imbalance um is it useful or is it not useful right.

Like i said before by you know i'm you know you might have heard me talk about this when i talk about belief systems a little bit it's like my belief system is that all belief systems are including mine they're just a set of rules that somebody made up to control themselves and or other people and at the end of the day the value of any belief system should be based on the results it produces in your life if the belief systems that you embrace are creating the life you want keep those belief systems if they're not creating the life that you want if they're taking value away or they're taking joy away from your life. Then you need to change those beliefs and the only one who can do that is you right. We can you know other people can share other belief systems with you. But at the end of the day you're the one that has to decide to hang up the old beliefs and try on the new ones just like you trying on a new sets of clothes to see if they work for you right.

But all belief systems are just a set of rules that somebody made up to control somebody else right. It could be rules you made up to control you it's more than more often than not its rules your parents or your culture or your educational system made up to control everybody in that system at the end of the day the spiritual path is an individual one we thought we just finished the golden path we talk about the doubt right. There is no. Doubt there's my down there's your doubt there is no.

Be doubt if that makes any kind of sense each and every one of us has to find our own spiritual path and our way of making our life what we want in this world and nobody people can give you pointers they can give you some guidance. But they can't do it for you and they can't produce your results for you. So test everything goes back to this whole idea test everything if it works for you keep it if it doesn't chuck it and find something that does right. So um let's see alexis is um nathaniel brandon big how do i get my body loose i tried everything magic framing uh the reason burst breathing yoga what do you recommend i would start with systemic low low acrobatics or ground flow i would look.

Into getting with somebody to do some regression therapy with you to find out what the tension generation is um you may even want to consider looking at uh some acupuncture designed to regulate your chi flow that's that's kind of where i would start one of those is gonna is gonna give you some traction on it and they'll give you a direction to follow right. Let's see here hold on a. Second i just jump way the freak down here [Music] gotama gotama says as a security guard i use i often use vibrational influence slimmer says initiation hermetics how do we test when we're not skilled and it takes years and is tiring we don't know who is who again um what are you going to learn channeling for what are you going to a channel for are you going it to learn some principles to live your life are you going there to learn a specific technique to create a specific effect in your life define what it is you actually want to get from this particular source right. And.

Then find a concrete way to put that into practice and evaluate for yourself after a reasonable number of repetitions if it's bearing fruit or not right. And that's a very a very individualized thing right. In in on my channel and i can't speak for everybody else's channel you spend any amount of time on my channel you're going to come away with very solid very testable concrete waves right. Off the bat to get change right.

Whether it's for the echo technique uh the emotional values checklist uh spinning magic frame whatever you're gonna get a solid hardcore technique that you can just point to where you feel it and create change that's how we roll we're we're not we're not faith healers we're not faith-based people we're gnostics we we learn and we practice from direct experience where belief is secondary to practicality and being able to apply it. So in our world um we just we need to know what we want how we're going to know we have it and. Then we find a technique that allows us to get there we apply the technique and we either got the result or we didn't we've got feedback and we just keep modifying what we do until we get the result we want right. Without being married to a specific systemic or dogmatic way of doing something right.

Practice and repetition us here says thank you king sakura how to handle adhd can it be cure with hypnosis and what material course do you recommend for you king i would start with two things actually a i would start looking into acupuncture a little bit um the book. Red gold has some really really good attention and focus training exercises that you can use to develop your ability to pay attention as a skill set rather than just an attribute that we have and. Then of course hypnosis can absolutely help with add most my experience has been that most people with add don't actually have add they're just bored um they're extremely intelligent and mine works extremely fast and they get bored right. If you can play a video game for hours on end if you can read a book.

That just sucks you in if you can watch it if you can binge watch on netflix you do not have add period you just don't okay. What you have is an interest disorder right. You're bored. So well adhd is a thing it's not as big a thing as a lot of people would like us to believe okay.

Because adhd should be systemic it shouldn't matter if you're reading a book. Watching netflix playing a video game. But if it only happens when you're in a classroom that doesn't sound like adhd to me right. It sounds pretty context specific uh what are the requirements for vibrational influence alexis if you're talking about the seven-day costa rica training there are none this is the only class vibrational influence class i've ever taught where we've actually waived the prereqs and it's because we have seven days we do expect you to keep up though because we we will hit the ground running um.

But no. That as of as of right. Now uh we have 30 slots available and i think 10 of them already taken um. But um there are no.

Prereqs for this class it will be in costa rica. So get your traveling shoes on right. Let's see here uh there's cynthia hey david rob says thanks sir yeah seth is saying if you were coming to our traditional vibrational influence class uh what seth is saying in the chat would absolutely be true we made a we made a command decision or executive decision to remove the uh remove the prereqs for this this costa rica training. So.

So take get it while you can because i don't know that i'll ever do this one again uh daniel says cult just meets hidden most of the time hidden teachings are occulting okay. Culture like a family yeah that's true uh let's see here rich says peace david ritual this is peace everybody peace back rich cesar says what's up david what's up dr schneider i saw a point here work. So i'm connected to somebody close friendly and often it's out of love people say we felt changed. But i will be exhausted if i want to see some change okay.

You're going to have to elaborate on that shweta because i'm not sure exactly what you're what you're referring to uh king square says opinions on the yen method are you talking about jeffrey young because i'm not um you're gonna have to give me some bat more background on that king because i'm not sure what we're talking about just yet self-help rocker says david regarding cult's true for me the negatives of the cult i remember is that as the communion cult followers more than the organization i saw disturbing sides of human nature yes. You will um and that's that that disturbing side of human nature is in all of us and part of our golden path is that what's kind of what i refer to on your personal spiritual journey is learning how to integrate those how to how to transform them that's what pure alchemy is and that's what most occult practices should be as a form of transformational transpersonal alchemy that'll gives you access to the full the full power and glory of your magical self hope that makes sense because i think we're inherently we're all magical beings and we have these cities or abilities inside of us that are just largely dormant because of where we're at in terms of our own spiritual development. But as we get on our golden path and we start to unlock and perform the alchemy and the transmutation and the reversals that need to happen the cabalists would say we're making our tacoon. Then these abilities open up they blossom like the the petals of a flower and we can use those to bring more of our personal light into the world see here uh ultra transformation therapy says hi david why is your medic.

So important to you and how do you incorporate it into what you do it's important to me because medics explains pretty much everything that works in the spiritual universe as well as the physical one it is by far the oldest system of rules that the universe works by and when you distill and when you see the world through the eyes. Of nlp for example which teaches us to look. At everything in terms of process and structure when you see the world through those lenses you see that everything distills down to the interaction and the amount the the modular creation of these basic hermetic principles that are supposedly running everything in existence. So to me hermetics is this is kind of like the rosetta stone for lack of a better word of all these other spiritual practices that are fragments of a much larger whole and by looking at things through the eyes.

Of process and structure we can begin to reassemble and make sense of various fragments from all these other spiritual disciplines that have survived to this day to me her medics brings it all together and allows everything to make sense and everything to be integrated in a very powerful way let's see. So tyrus says hey david how you doing really appreciate the talk on saturday i've experienced the gift yesterday and i'm still processing let me ask you this opinion on outdoors playing an indoor playing i don't know what that means uh can you elaborate on that please gotama says i play poker it's easy after reading the book. On micro expressions oh yeah very much revelation according to you what are some questions each and every one of us should ask ourselves in order to better know our golden path probably the most important question is what brings you joy what gives you energy to do because if they bring you joy and they bring you energy and they allow you to express yourself i think that's one of the bigger ones it allows you to express yourself and create an effect in the world. Then those are the things that are part of your golden path they have to do otherwise they wouldn't bring you joy.

So those are those are the top three there's lots of others and we cover those in our golden path workshops um which i think the. Next one is november of 2022. i've changed on the offer sheet to recommended prerequisite okay. We'll look. At that when it's time and we've got almost we got we've got a good uh six or seven months before we're going to do that class.

So we'll look. At that uh self-help rocker in these cult environments people lose consciousness and common sense they'll leave anything and they're very suggestible to these environments absolutely because a lot of cult indoctrination is about what they call shedding out a person and what i mean by that is in golden path we talk about the spirit or the shen and the shen is is a pure light aspect of yourself that comes from source and it wants to be fully embodied. So when you're fully present we call you you're doing what we call shining in more of your spirit is coming into your body and flowing out into the world what a lot of hostile and malevolent cult practices do is they systematically cause you to shin out they traumatize the body to the point where the spirit actually does not want to be in the body and another a lower fragment of consciousness takes over and you become robotic in order to survive in that cult. So that's and that's a big piece of malevolence it's also part of a lot of you see a lot of these same practices in benevolent cults too.

But are they making my my my biggest question is always is it making the person's life better right. Some people would call aaa a cult right. But is it helping people is it is it is it are they better off in the cult than not right. Who am i to say certainly there are people family members who are on the outside of that who would look.

At things and say no. You're not being the person i want you to be and the person i think you should be. So i'm gonna go in and kidnap you from that cult and deprogram you right. And you know what there's a place for that too you know and i i think at the end of the day are people really happy are they trapped and that's a hard thing to just from the outside looking in um make a determination of.

But yeah a lot of cold practices are very very dangerous and um harmful to a person's health and body right. Let's see here thanks for reading anyways what is your passion david what do you what do i do other than this um when i'm not doing this i'm either studying more about how to do this or i'm thinking about when i get to do this. Next um and the rest of the time i'm either sleeping or dealing with my children um people have been after me now to sit down and actually write some books which i keep flirting with the idea and. Then i realized and and.

Then i just uh do a video instead of a book. And people yell at me. But um. But i'm i'm actually going to sit down at some point and start putting a lot of this information in book.

Form. So people can read them and. Then decide if they want to level up and kind of go through our processes and things of that nature. But that's kind of what i do you know if i'm if i need some super alone time i will just like most people binge watch netflix for a couple of days just to kind of.

So i don't have to deal with people or be in anybody else's energy field or things like that. But most of what i do is is actually thinking of ways that i can spend more time with you physically you know because i really believe that there are forces out there in our in our current culture our current society that have a very level agenda from our perspective from their perspective they think they're doing the world good um and i just don't and and. So part of my path is to show people how to get what they want faster and easier and i want a lot there's a lot of stuff i want. So i'm always looking for ways to get what i want faster and easier kind of rolls downhill.

So that's kind of what i do right. Here. So i think that looks like 86 telus says please help me i'm having ptsd from childhood triggered trauma you might want to reach out to um our clinic at 858-481-1438 and talk to one of our trained therapists and associates and see if they can help you 86 uh let me put that number in the chat for people it's eight five eight three one one four three eight that's our clinic number everybody gets a free 30 minute consultation to determine if your pace is a fit for our methods after you pass our screening we'll discuss strategies and tactics to help you get the situation resolved in the shortest amount of time possible if we can help you we'll tell you if we can't we'll tell you that too we'll point you in the direction where we think you might get that help that you need. So much.

So when you're ready to schedule your consultation give us a call 858 481 1438 and we'll help you as best we can you may not get me. But you'll get one of the people that i trust to actually do this work uh. Next golden path is december 5th through the 7th there's ashland nigel we only want what's best well nigel sorry every time i see the word nigel i just got that's the only song i remember um you once described a method of using adverb adjective finna it's precepts not prenups that's a completely different topic uh to get a woman to leave her husband uh no. It wasn't it wasn't ever adjective precepts that i used it was a an incredible connection pattern which is more of a pattern leaving exercise um where might i find that exact method i spend thousands on your courses just trying to find it um you won't find it in my uh in my courses nigel uh not directly and i'll tell you why that is there um in the in the old uh rapid romance systems that i you know back in the day um there were there were patterns called the door and the boyfriend destroyer which was specifically designed to hypnotically program somebody to leave their boyfriend or girlfriend or whatever the episode i described in in my videos was a time that i ran uh a connection pattern on a young lady ran out of something that ran out of anything else to say did it again and.

Then there couldn't be anything else to say. So i did it again and. So i wonder fractionating and stacking this incredible connection pattern and um she wound up leaving her husband right. But there was no.

There was no. Intent for that to happen at all um it was something that she took. Upon herself to do which is why you have to be careful um with the people that you're using these skills these things are powerful guys i'm not i don't sit here and and just throw out that don't work this stuff is extraordinarily powerful when it's delivered properly and. So i spent as much time helping people kind of you know work out their quirks and their their little dark demons as much as i do giving them the tools to go out and make and give themselves the life they want the way that they want you don't need uh you know you don't need to harm people you don't need to give people negative suggestions you don't need to do these things that a lot of the more malevolent and manipulative uh subsystems or derivatives of nlp like to use um certainly they can work.

But you don't need to use them you really don't there's much better ways to do it in my opinion. But i just wanted to kind of set the record straight that there was no. Pattern that i would use to make somebody break up there are patterns that will do that that just wasn't what i was doing okay. So i hope that answered a good question uh ralph thien says hello sir what's my zodiac sign no.

Parking uh i don't know um actually i was born april 20th 1966. i will let you do the math on that one uh self-help rocker says yes. David it's robotic that's why my old friends in the cult social circles were like it was there it's like their minds were hijacked yeah well their minds were hijacked you know um and again malevolent cults are out there you know and that's why the best the best defense we can have my friends is education and writing the ability to recognize these things when they're being deployed this is why a lot of my courses you know even if you never want to use an embedded command or a connection pattern or you know the emotion i don't know why you wouldn't want to use the emotional bonding techniques it's just the most ethical honest way to get people to want to do what you want them to do. But even if you never use them or deploy them in the field it's it's helpful just knowing what they are how they're done how to do them for no. Other reason than having the ability to recognize them because the only way you will recognize it is if you understand it and know how to do it right.

So if you want to protect yourself from this kind of info and it's out there and it's only going to get there's only going to get more and more of it as time goes on can't not you are going to be the target of this one way or another. So you might as well learn it get good at it. So you can depend defend yourself against it because without the awareness of these things you don't have a choice about whether it's going to affect you or not without awareness there is no. Choice.

So the. First my. First job as a teacher is to make you more aware both aware of yourself and what's going on inside of you. But as well as what's going on outside of you what are the messages that you're receiving what are the meta structures that are being deployed against you or at you to get you to comply and psychologically move you in the direction that larger more well-equipped forces want you to do right.

And at the end of the day well you know once you recognize them you now have a choice about how to let them affect you and comply without that there is no. Choice it's going to get you the only bit the only question is how long will it take some of us will hold out longer than others. But at the end of the day if you ever watch my little metronome video even the most socially rebellious one caves eventually it's how physics work it's the love it's it's just how a lot of nature works um. So.

But with with awareness with understanding if the metronome could get up and physically move if the metronome could get up and physically knock its buddies over and knock it out of sync well there would be more choice. But if you can't if you don't have that ability you don't have the ability to move yourself much less other people okay. Um not a perfect metaphor. But i hope it makes sense um let's see here let's see here uh we have spammers oh well hold on a.

Second why remove that okay. Let's see here what does it mean when you enter into someone's energy field and feel a warm sensation in your solar plexus may be better phrased how is the solar plexus significant in reading individuals um the solar plexus has a lot to do with personal magnetism confidence and charisma. So many times um the warmth where you feel the warmth is analogous to where they're coming from like for example if someone's very heart centered when when they talk to you you may feel warmth emanating outward from your heart area that makes any kind of sense if they're more um earthy more sexuality driven you may feel you you may feel the weird sensations emanating from there solar plexus is a lot about personal power and and self uh really about personal power and. So when people are coming and.

So it's a little bit more on the selfish side not. So much on the interpersonal side. So when you feel this warmth it's it again you have to decide does it make you feel good or does it make you feel bad. But it's usually an indication in my world of the energy center that they're predominantly communicating from if that makes any kind of sense vinnie says if you need a mod in the chat let me know let me see here let's be here uh now braum don't spam you'll answer when the time is right.

Well i'll do my best i may have to jump off soon because i got believe it or not i'm putting a little um i'm red renovating my garage and turning it into a little micro martial arts studio and i got a guy downstairs putting in mirrors uh. So i may have to get down there in a few minutes to check on him. But i'm going to stay on for a little while longer because i'm having fun and for those of you who want to actually have dialogue with me i encourage you to become one of our platinum subscribers uh platinum subscribers get two amas a month and i basically in the private channel i post a zoom link and uh we come in on the. First and.

Third mondays of the month and you all just log in and i just go down the list of who's in there and i go what's your question and you get to talk to physically talk to me and um i answer your questions you know um and. Then we repost those for everybody who's platinum level and up to watch and. Then if you want to go up to the diamond level you can come join us on the. Third saturday of every month and it's a zoom link and you log in and what we do.

Then is i literally go around everybody in the chat and i find out what they want to know about and i look. At everything and i create this lesson plan on the spot and. Then i drill i physically teach you and drill you on those skills for for four hours usually eleven to four usually longer than four hours until you can do them in your sleep and. Then i send you off into the world to uh to to apply your skills.

So for those and you also get the the replays of all the masterminds that we've done and all the amas that we've done uh you just gotta log into your youtube channel to get those. So if you're interested in in getting more face time to pun intended um and more dialogue time with me um i encourage you to uh to become one of our platinum subscribers only like 25 bucks 27 bucks a month something like that it's not it's not a lot if you want to be a diamond member it's like 97 bucks because you actually get training from me rather than just me answering your questions and there's a whole bunch of other perks and benefits that go along with that i didn't i didn't jump on here to promote that. But a lot of people are asking about this that and the other thing. So i just thought i'd throw that out there.

But if you go to your community tab it'll give you the option to to kind of join at whatever level you're comfortable with we have a we have a gold membership level which is like 10 bucks a month which lets you look. At all the replays from all the masterminds that we've done. But you don't actually get the participation side of it and you don't get the amas. But you do get access to the uh the mastermind archive that we do.

So fitfin wants to know about personal individual sessions the cost and how long they. Last who can they what can be covered during these sessions best thing to do vipin is to give my clinic a call at 858 481-1438 or you can call my other office eight five 282 4463 and i'll talk to stephanie and she will give you all that information okay. Uh let's see here us here says wow. So she realized that something better more connected with her was out there actually um us you're actually right.

We actually did have a relationship for about five or six years uh until i decided to move to california and uh after after me she met a guy who was remarkably like me um and. Last time i checked she was ridiculously happy and i'm really really happy for her because she was not in a good place when i met her um and. So yeah in a short there's there's a whole there's a whole epic love story behind that one. But um it all worked out it really did and that's why i say there's there's no.

Need to be selfish from a level with these skills you can get anything you want practically by showing people how to get what it is that they want um and that's what we're doing. So let me see here okay. But you hear a lot of digging it's because my my twitter alarm is going off apparently there's a lot of activity on my twitter channel let's see here ambrose ambrose harry says david nlp power baby viva live nlp actually what we do you know it's kind of it's kind of challenging because what we do is. So far beyond classical nlp it's it's really kind of hard to say lp almost limits us.

But it is what it is that's how people know us. So that's what we keep orange la says the dynamics of a cult sound all like the dynamics of a drug or meth house yeah you're not wrong emilia except people which subscription applies to the amha that would be the platinum membership uh seth i don't know if um you want to text me the link and i'll put the text in the chat for people. But um yeah let's see okay. It looks like we've reached the bottom anybody else have any other questions i'm happy to answer those elaine says i thoroughly enjoy your way of educating us long time for well thank you elaine that's very kind of you i'm very glad um that.

So many people get value and and transformation from what we do um because i think at the end of the day everybody everybody makes promises that few people deliver on and i think in a world where there's. So much smoke and mirror. So much snake oil it's nice when people can say look. Just take this and do it and if you want more come back and try it out and and ask for more.

So um thank you for that elaine i really do appreciate you let's see ralph says hey david i want to send you a pair of cowboy boots how can you reach me you know what robin if you want to if you want to send me a pair of cowboy boots all right. Here you go 3830 valley center drive suite 705 bmb one san diego california nine two one three zero that'll be a who uh my boot size is ten or ten and a half i forget which i think it's ten i don't know i won't take my shoe off to find out. Anyway uh christian de leon what do i do if i have a hard time feeling the emotions or memories i call up when using the magic frame or spinning ball today it's very simple christian pretend that you do it sounds trite it sounds like a cop out. But it's a workaround the same parts of your neurology that are activated in magic frame are the same parts that are activated when you pretend and because most of the things we pretend are built of internal resources that are directly connected to our memories and our beliefs it will work just the way the same way the only difference you may have to do a few more repetitions.

But even. Then you probably won't. But if you play pretend just like when you were a little kid playing pretend in the backyard most of these techniques are going to exact stuff for you after that is just repetition. So i hope that helps um self-help robert says david thank you for your time it's good to see you it's good to see you guys again like i said it's been.

So long you know our channel's gone through a lot of changes in the past couple years especially this felt. Last specific 18 months um and i'd like us to get back to me posting more clips from our trainings and stuff. But i just haven't had as much time to do that as i would like um and. So i've had to make do with you know the amas are great i think they're awesome.

But i think people really like the little snippets that we put out too. So i'd like to find a way to do that more. But right. Now we're kind of restructuring the company from the inside out to go with the growth and the new normal.

But i would really like to get back to posting you know little snippets and things like that again otherwise we'll get out to our trainings and we'll do more uh now that we have our new headquarters kind of eighty ninety percent completed the unity powerhouse which is where i'm streaming view from um we'll start doing more in-person masterminds uh we'll be doing some energy classes here some healing classes here um we've we're we're maybe well i've got you here i can ask you guys this i've been thinking about doing like weekend healing intenses where i bring in a group of maybe five to seven people and it's kind of like you get to watch me do therapy on every person in the room. So it's like everybody's there everybody's learning. But it's actually me putting you in the chair going through exercises. Then sending you off to process bringing the.

Next person up and just and just kind of round-robining you through therapeutic interventions and things like that i got the idea from my colleague brent baum who does these healing intenses for his students and now that i've got a facility i thought about doing that it wouldn't be cheap i'm going to tell you that right. Off the bat i haven't really figured out a price. But it would have to be significant. But how many of you if that opportunity were available would be interested in something like that i'm just curious irene baller says i used your technique of going back safely with color correlated every time i think of that color now i feel at peace is this me programming my subconscious mind absolutely it's it's actually you using your subconscious mind to reprogram your subconscious mind.

So yeah that's how that's how nature intended us to work god intended us to work really uh ralph says can i text you those numbers on those numbers yes. Um reach out to stephanie six 858 282-4663 she'll forward it to me or reach out to me on facebook. You might be able to message me on youtube too i don't i'm not as savvy with youtube stuff as i should be what is my take on modern dating um revelation can you ask me a more targeted question i'm not really sure what aspect of dating we're talking about have you ever tried to develop your intuition with the health hypnosis. Then use it for forex kind of things i i have a lot of issues with anything to do with math um.

But i have had a lot of clients a lot of my students who are trading are in the trading industry and they've used my systems to kind of get the emotion out. So they can more more accurately predict the the rises and falls of the market. So they can trade more effectively. So i have never done it personally.

But i've done it for a lot of my my clients okay. Um how would you define intuition intuition from an nlp perspective is the ability to chunk laterally and draw connections between things that most people who uh can't. So it's more of a lateral um integrative function generally people who have um the well it's hard to understand. But there's a if you look.

At somebody's. Third eye a lot of times you'll see a circular flat space which which usually indicates the. Third eye is open which means their intuition is a lot more open. So they perceive connections between things that people whose consciousness or their.

Third eyes. Not awaken don't when we come to conclusions because we perceive connections between cause and effect that are obvious people who are less into or who are more intuitive see subtler causal linkages that are outside the realm of most people's perception that's why they perceive causal linkages if that makes sense or they draw inferences from things that are that are um accurate now if we were looking at this from a neuroscience perspective we would say these people have a much better evolved predictive nervous system because the nervous system is if the book. You want to read for this is it's called the theory of constructive emotion um it's a book. Called how emotions are made by dr lisa barrett and she'll talk about all the neuroscience your neurology is constantly predicting things.

Anyway and. Then what it does is when it when it when the reality of what it encounters matches the prediction things just move smooth when the reality out out here doesn't match what the prediction says the unconscious mind literally rewinds your memories changes it to what you encounter and moves you forward again it's a very bizarre that's what the neuroscience is telling us. So to me someone who's deeply intuitive has a much higher more finely tuned neurology in terms of its ability to predict and to draw inferences and conclusions. So i think there's very much an organic aspect to intuition as well that we can develop yes.

Here says i would love it david please do weekend healing intensive please peachy says interested in sean says where is your course well most of our courses right. Now are scheduled for las vegas or orlando um healing intensives will be in san diego unless they get too big and. Then we move them to vegas. But uh my my intention for the healing intensives is to keep it at a very small group.

So you get huge amounts of attention throughout the entire three days that you're here cynthia says i would ww not sure big fan of your magic frame. However a lot of people say that's a short-term solution to a problem that requires exception of no. More often than not when you frame something it's done uh if it goes away and comes back it's another issue that's related to the. First one.

But it's not the same one um and when you have those more complex complicated problems. Then you need to go to regression and you're probably going to use magic frame inside of regression. Anyway. But no.

These people that are saying it's a short-term solution aren't using magic frame or they're not using it right. Hey david do you recommend the book. Transformations yes. Absolutely great book.

Rashav. So all why is someone interested in you the. First day on the. Second day they're just not interested how to solve this chances are if they're interested in you the.

First day and not interested in the. Second days because you didn't take you didn't put enough interest in them um usually what happens is people tend to like people and to become attracted to people who make them feel good about themselves and what tends to happen and i'm assuming i'm gonna make an assumption here that you're talking about a. First date scenario when most people go out on a. First date they spend all their time trying to impress the other person which means by default especially if you're male you spend all of your time talking about you okay.

You need to get three magic questions videos watch that take it uh go out into the world and see if they're still you're still getting the same results chances are you'll probably wind up getting a lot of phone numbers and a lot of callbacks and requests for. Second dates let's see here how do you open a. Third eye give rid of guilt shame fear anger resentment we actually covered that in golden path believe that baharan says thank you very much sir you are welcome it's interesting talking to the. Third eye when mine opened up years ago i literally had a red spot up here on my forehead for weeks i couldn't explain that that could happen why is that you know what what to do and the moves you need to make in life.

But you can't find the motivation or feel very low energy to want to do anything could this be for absolutely could be from past traumas 100 could be other things as well um. But chances are it's probably trauma related david pico does the moon really influence our brain chemical secretions each month and does clean living allow those secretions to blossom well i think the moon absolutely does influence us to a certain degree um and clean living can have a difference. But when you say allow these secretions to blossom i don't know what that means uh if you if if by blossom you mean does it make the expressions of these lunar induced chemical secretions more benevolent i don't know um certainly living a cleaner life a healthier more balanced life can mitigate a lot of the extreme behavioral shifts or perceptual emotional shifts that we go through during the moon lunar phases that's about as much as i can answer on that let's see here hi dave what's the best way to defend against psychic attacks curses black magic and what's the best way you know to ground your energy thank you your stuff is amazing you're welcome vlad um. First and foremost the the most powerful way to do that a is to make sure more of your spirit is actually fully present in your body which means getting on your golden path part of getting on that golden path is deepening your connection to your source in other words deepening your connection to your higher self and through that higher self uh to godhead or divine providence as barton likes to talk of it.

So more of your spirit can emanate out and there's this out downward and outward emanation that makes it very very hard for curses and uh things of that nature to take hold of you the other thing is personal alchemy which is transforming and resolving your own traumas and um transforming negative elemental attributes to higher ones right. So the whole process of alchemy is really about that once you've done that it's very hard for uh random negative things to to to stick to you for any length of time. But if people are trained in these things and deliberately throwing things at you. Then you might need to get into counter magic and bindings and things of that nature um uh great great primer on some of how powerful and how inoculated inoculative connection to sources is uh barton's book.

Called furbado the magician which is a fiction book. He wrote um about a character who was a hermetic phys magician who had a deep connection to source was being attacked by these satanic cults and how everything just kept rebounding back on these poor cultists because he was. So connected to source they couldn't take hold it's a good reading um and it kind of gives you kind of a almost a carlos castaneda or celestine prophecy you know spiritual principles is fiction kind of an adventure right. Um.

But the ones that i named connection to source resolving your stuff and. Then moving on to counter magic if you need to um those would be the things i would start with um sadly the reptile book. Is unavailable by keenan and ball depends on how you go about getting it mark there are other sources for the book. Um there is um a mechanism on the uh on the website that asks for your your license to get to the book.

Um it's been a long time since i visited their website. So i don't know what other safeguards they have in place now. But they're if you look. Hard enough you can find it it's out there i know for a fact is out there um harimballer what are the basic languages body languages you pick up on while people are just talking to them to get an idea to know how they're feeling and what they are thinking three things i would have you look.

At whenever you approach and work with anybody is posture in other words leaning are they leaning forward backward or straight up are they eventually oriented more towards you or away from you um and what are this what's the state of their pupil dilation if their pupils are brit are big they're either terrified or they like you a lot i would watch how the pupils fluctuate a lot i would also look. At their blink rate um this is one i got from chase uh the more you the more the faster people blink the less they like what they're they're saying they're they're seeing or hearing uh the more people dilate the more they tend to like what they're seeing or hearing unless they're absolutely terrified in which case they'll be a little puddle between their legs. So if there's no. Puddle between the legs their pupils are really dilated they're really into you or what you're talking about.

So i hope that helps um each sybil says what is your opinion on meditating i think it's absolutely critical for people the question is what are you meditating for because there's a type of meditation for every application you can name not every meditation process is ideal for everyone or every application. So you have to know what you want and what's the best fit uh what program of yours should i take to start hypnosis i've done some training for you. But i don't know why it is i feel friction while practicing. So i don't practice much what i do you need to get to a live event issue and the course you need is called identity by design if you don't want to wait that long you can get a self-hypnosis training coming up in january called self-mastery supercharger.

But it really depends on are you focused on working on yourself are you focused on working on other people uh if you're focused on working on other people i would definitely jump into our. Next identity by design class uh if you want to focus on training yourself and working on yourself. Then self-match supercharger uh this january is actually probably the best um the best approach tim jones wishing you very merry christmas thank you for another year fantastic content learning and growth god bless you we love you love you back brother thank you um rishabh siwal is asking do hypnosis suggest you ask does hypnosis suggest you to ask what question rather than why questions oh okay. Uh actually that comes more from that comes more from nlp than classical hypnosis um.

But i think focusing on the what questions are much more useful in a hypnotic context and focusing on the whys uh why why questions tend to get you rationalizations and rationalizations tend to be things we make up not things that are true um it's more of the conscious mind giving you an idea of why. So why they might be doing something that is acceptable to themselves as well as to the outside world as opposed to the real reason they're doing it. So what questions get you better information let's see here harim why are there. So many satanists in hollywood are we in a spiritual battle are we in the end times you know i don't want to consider myself a uh a doomsday prophesier or anything like that.

But i think there's definitely a battle going on whether it's a satanic battle i don't know about that. But there definitely is a battle over for your mind being waged right. Now and [Music] you know as as a declared free thinker um i think we really need to educate ourselves and to reinforce our will our ability to discern and analyze and integrate all those different aspects of ourselves um. But the short the showcase why does why does hollywood attract those kinds of people because of the vibration that that a lot of these people embrace these people are looking for a certain kind of attention um they're looking for all the trappings of what they believe is the good life got a lot of of input into what they have to do on the inside most of them are looking for external validation which is easy to supply and easy to manipulate uh if you look.

At what the messages that come from hollywood uh in general it's they're almost always messages of you're not enough unless you're like this person you don't have enough unless you do you you buy this um it's always a message of you're not enough you're not enough you know you're not all you have to do to be enough is own this product or take this you know see this movie or wear this cologne or what have you and and by and large the people that are attracted and again i'm i'm i'm 150 miles or less from hollywood i spent most of my a lot of years in that in that area um our people have a really strong need for attention um and that makes you that makes you vulnerable to doing whatever it takes to get that attention and that validation. So you know i'm not going to pass judgment on those people because we're all like them to some degree. But there are people out there who really get off on hurting people who really get off on taking advantage of other people um i think everybody is i don't think human beings are inherently good or bad i think we're all inherently selfish it's a question of what direction is that selfishness threat is appointed you know. But some people get off on on cruelty and and lack and division and all these other things and and i think there are certain places where [Music] there's a much more fertile breeding ground for those kinds of tactics and those kinds of people.

So that's my rather meandering answer hopefully it doesn't sound too judgy let's see here. So anil says um what breathing exercise do you recommend for visualization and manifestation um in terms of breathing exercises probably the best one comes from hun is called the habreth. But if you don't understand um like how to create a thought form um you're not it's gonna be harder to program your uh your hobric for that for lack of a better word my favorite technique for manifestation in general is known as image cycling and i think i think uh it is by far the most powerful manifestation technique i've encountered it's also to me seems to be one of the fastest hands down. So that would be my my answer for that um hollywood is wizard of oz the mass says don't feel bad they're losing don't worry chill bro okay.

Let's see here uh chris dillion asked one. Last question i used the bankster nothing years before and the list manifested. But stopped using it for a while due to it being a hassle trying to memorize the list any tips for memorizing the list have fun don't try to do it all in one sitting right. If you got a list of 20 things.

Then do five take a break come back tomorrow do the. Next five the universe isn't going to care. But what i've what we have seen over and over and over again is that the people who do the list priming part of it do things better. But the idea that you have to do it all in one sitting you don't have to all right.

So try that and see if that makes sense if that makes it better for you revelation let me see here okay. Going back to minute home. Second i missed a few okay. I'm going to go till about four o'clock and i'm going to jump off give myself a break and come back for the the video ama um and again if you haven't joined the uh you know the platinum group already you might want to go ahead and go ahead and try it out for a couple months and see if it's something you like if you like it and if you like that and you want more.

Then upgrade to the diamond group and see how that works for you right. Uh and please like and share these videos the more people who know about this stuff the more people we can help the more cool things we can do together remember we're all in this together right. We're all part of planet david at whatever level you're comfortable with uh let's see here uh let's see what breathing exercise do you recommend for visualization manifestation i just did that one revelation says. Last question why is the significance of writing things down be it wants goals subconscious responses etc onto paper much love for the netherlands david thing okay.

So this is a big deal this is something that nobody talks about i talk about it in my hidden laws attraction classes i talked about it in our. Last ama uh and in our. Last golden pathetic workshop and in the soulmate secrets workshop i just did a couple weeks back when it comes to manifestation you have you guys don't know what a prism is right. The prison is white light comes in one end and it breaks it out into like four or five different bands of energy that we can see you've all seen light going into a fish tank and what happens when the light goes into the fish tank if though if the water line is here and the in the white enters here does the light continue that direction or do you see the light beam go in here and it's starting and it looks like it's over here you ever notice that yes.

Or yes. Right. Human beings were very much like a prism in that they bend light light is holographic vibrational data when we create something in our head it's vibrating at a specific frequency because it's vibrating at a specific frequency we perceive it as perfect we perceive it um like it's the completed realized event the problem is is that when we put that energy out into the universe that that information that light gets refracted and. So you've all probably noticed this that maybe maybe you had an idea for a story or a piece of art that you want to create and when you go to do your.

First draft right. You get out what's was in your head you look. At it and the. First response you have is ew that's exactly what was in my head.

But it's not what was in my head right. There's a filter i call the externalization filter that you have to push through to get your energy out into the world in its vibrational equivalent form right. In its refracted form once you've got that now you can start to um chisel away and and refine that manifestation whatever it is it could be piece of writing could be art could be a new car whatever. But the the act of writing of externalizing it pushing it out of your neurology and into this vibrational continuum is the most important piece of manifestation that allows it to actually your neurology begins to say oh they really want this let's make our external reality conform to the internal one.

So it's almost like giving birth which is why it's hard a lot of times for people to get that idealized thing in their mind out onto paper it's it's it's a very much a birthing process there needs to be a vessel a physical correlate to the manifestation work we do inside. So that's that's a very short abbreviated reason why we need to actually write things down um because you can't work with it if you don't externalize it right. It's much more it's much harder to anchor something in this reality that doesn't have a physical correlate now physical correlate can be your body taking an action or a series of actions or it can be putting it on a piece of paper on a vision board or something like that i'm more action oriented. So i have a stronger preference to doing the actions that lead to the result and the universe fill in the rest of the gaps.

So that's just me um john pizkowski says i have a client that says they would like to experience all the lessons that their mother would have taught them had it not been for them passing what hypnosis from your stuff uh you would actually be doing deathbed therapy which would be a version of chair therapy and probably also a little bit of dti a deep trance identification and holographic minor resolution you're probably gonna wind up creating um a hybrid technique from those four three or four attributes. But that would do it okay. Um yeah what product do i buy where you take your clients through the whole identity by design process by themselves and self-hypnosis that would be self-mastery supercharger. So there is a product called self-mastery charger that you can buy on the website uh if you want to do it live and be able to get the training hands on we've got one coming up january 13th through the 15th in las vegas you can go to davidsnydernlp.com and register for that class david question based on every physiology has a corresponding emotional state.

So if our bodies are very tight due to years of not stretching are we unconsciously more tense or nervous as a result yes. 100 100 the difference is is you you define that level of tension as normal. So you won't you won't calibrate it as being excessive because you've been you've gotten used to it until you've actually reduced that level of tension in your body to something significant. But yeah the short answer is yes.

You're you're going to be mentally emotionally stressed as well you just won't realize it uh jesus castaneda going back to meditating which do you commonly recommend for anxiety mindfulness meditation is usually the better one uh systemic birth breathing works really really well for anxiety as well there's a kabbalistic meditation using the letters i am not men that can be used we'll cover that in some of our masterminds and stuff okay. Chef mcswagger says nlp hypnosis dangerous and is it possible to lose your mind. First of all nlp or hypnosis is only as dangerous as the person using it. Second of all uh it is possible to have your mind profoundly influenced by people uh using these skills if you don't if you're not careful and.

So it becomes very very important to be very very discerning in who you trust inside the most important real estate that you have which is your mind in terms of losing your mind in hypnosis i don't know you know i'm assuming again i don't know what you mean by that distinction um. But can people install things in you absolutely absolutely that was one of the big myths in the hypnosis world for many years people try to convince a lot of classically trained images are convinced themselves that you can't get those kinds of effects well yeah you can the difference is you just need a super duper skill set and the right. Person to get that level of effect for most for most classically trained hypnotists it's. So far out of their training and.

So far out of their skill level um that it's functionally not going to happen. But for people who go deep down the rabbit hole who really become experts at this yeah it can be done absolutely can be done in my opinion there are people who will disagree with me violently disagree with me um. But i think it can be done uh richa should i initiate a conversation for someone who is not talking does it say that you're trying too hard again i think it depends on the context rashad some people are just very very shy very very timid um and are really hoping to um that somebody else will take the. First move i find it's always strategically better to make the.

First move than to wait for the other person you know because once you make that. First move based on the response you get you'll know which direction to go either way how realistic is the hypnosis in the movie office space most hypnosis that you see in the movies is not realistic um. But once again going back to the question i answered with uh with chef a lot of the effect you can get with hypnosis depends on two things a the skill level and intentions of the hypnotist and b for me the suggestibility level of the client all of which can be modified and if if you've been to our spycraft training um you would know what those six levers for suggestibility are and how they work um. But the truth the answer is most of your hypnosis um they take a lot of liberties um in the movies in terms of how to induce hypnosis things of that nature.

So um if you want to know more about it come to an actual event right. More. So than watching these scripted performances okay. Every now and.

Then they get something right. But a lot of times they just don't um it's all conditioning david says okay. Is it true that you should practice nlp hypnosis piece by piece take well of course absolutely self-love doesn't sell crap self-help says that's true irene's okay. Let's see let me go to questions here what to do if someone gets annoyed by your touch don't touch them all right.

You guys are really rocking the house i'm gonna have to jump off here in about like two minutes ago. So uh nihar says uh thank you one of your cpa products you mentioned the captain rockstar meta frames when you do magic frames does picturing someone else work just as well as accessing your own okay. I think you're mixing two different techniques um master and commander and rockstar meta frame are what we call metastates or meta frames that you step into they're personas that you wear like a suit of clothing that emanates a certain vibrational field that creates a certain kind of trance and a certain set of perceptual filters in you and the other people magic frame is where you point to where you feel it reach out and touch it and draw a frame around it. So they're two different things john says um if i already have the re have the reprogram the subconscious mind package can i call stephanie and have a different package instead you can if you have if you want if you're if you've got a package and you already have some of the videos that are the current offer package we're offering you can you can substitute them out provided the price points are the same.

So you can customize a package if there's some overlap between something you already have what kind of mastermind did bill gates change with i have no. Idea chichi i have nothing i know nothing about bill gates what is this what are the secrets of personality transformation that's another version of the self-mastery supercharger we just teach that one hypno. Thoughts las vegas every year let's see here yes. There is a webinar um wednesday december 15th 4 p.m called how to reprogram your subconscious mind there will be an offer connected to that um it'll probably be a two or three hour webinar like my usual ones um and i will go deep dive into some of the most powerful rapid transformational techniques that i've i've worked with and that i've helped develop to get the the life you want the way that you want it and we'll show you how to kind of level up in planet david from there that being said it is 404 i have about an hour to get my throat back in shape and do the um get ready for our platinum ama which is all video conversing and stuff like that i would i invite you all to sign up to join in if not i will see you.

Next time i have a chance i love you all good night god bless.
