Title: VC7R9ILelxU.txt
Video Id: VC7R9ILelxU
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VC7R9ILelxU

Grandmaster. David. Snider yeah all right. Mass destruction mass destruction yes.

Okay. Okay. The. First thing we need to understand is that the spine is the secret to everything when the structure of the human body is distorted the only direction we ever need to move is down if.

I've got here just bend over like this. I don't need to pull him. I'll actually make him stronger. I don't need to push him.

I'll actually make him stronger if. I drop correctly just fall. I have to drop from my butt. First turn the shoulders drop your ass turn the hips drop your ass not.

So strong [Music]. First of all. I want you everybody to stand up [Music] this is the. First thing that we must do.

I want you to turn directly to the people either directly to your right. Directly to your left stick out your hand look. Them in the eye smile and go that's [Music] right. Very good that's it's much better have a seat.

So here's the. First thing when you were a little kid did you play pretend who played pretend as a little kid raise your hands okay. First things. First when you were a little kid and you played pretend what' you play at what' you like to be.

I like to be yeah. Soldier like to be a soldier cool how about you brother officer officer right. On how about you oh. I guess just playing with dolls just playing with dolls did you talk to your dolls of course did they talk back of course we have meds for you how about you over here in the corner like doctor.

I won't answer you all went there when you were playing soldier soldier right. You m in the backyard you pick up that stick in the backyard when you. First picked up that stick you knew it was a stick for the. First 5 minutes.

Then 6 and 1/2 minutes. Later it's an. M60. Rambo and there's real commies behind the trees getting shot to bed right.

Were you asleep hell no. Were you having a ball were you focused in what you were doing wasn't think about ah he wasn't think he was just having fun he was absorbed and focused true not true you were playing with your. Barbies and they were talking back and forth were you absorbed in what you were doing course focused all you need these as little children and you can have anything you want now who's ready to feel good the secret to this is a one of the reasons. I had you guys stand up and go at each other because you're all afraid of looking silly you're all afraid of being of being made to look.

Foolish or barking like a dog or clucking like a chicken or all that weird stuff. But. I'm here to tell you guys in gals that is the playfulness that willingness to play pretend with your nervous system and act out the changes you want that is the secret to getting rapid change yes. We're going to go back to feeling good real quick just cuz.

I want to make everybody feel good. I want you to think of something that makes you feel really really really really really really good close your eyes. I want you to see what you saw hear what you heard feel what you felt point to where you have that feeling sorry physically point to it as you look. At with your inner eyes.

I want you to notice there's a color connected to that feeling what's the color. First impression you do not have to tell me. But notice set of color pops up and what. I want you to do is.

I want you to physically take both of your hands reach into that spot grab all of that energy pull it out hold it in your hands in front of you make sure you get it all cuz sometimes it. HIDs and we don't want to miss a single drop as you look. At it. First thing.

I want you notice did the color changes stay the same as you look. At it since it's something we want more of notice it's spinning in a certain direction notice the direction it's spinning and when you're ready. I want you to physically grab it with both of your hands and. I want you to double the spin in the direction it's already moving double the speed double the force double the magnitude keep doubling it over and over and over again until it takes on a life of its own until it's impossible for it to go back the way it was when.
