Title: How To Control Emotions and Behavior: The Hidden Force Behind Every Decision
File Name: VcvcMy1uHiM.txt
Video Id: VcvcMy1uHiM
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VcvcMy1uHiM

Criterion values. Criterion values. Criterion values because that's at the heart of every single being on the planet it's what drives their feelings and it what drives their behaviors a person cannot talk about their values without experiencing some level of emotional either pleasure or connection conversely they cannot have their values violated without experiencing some level of emotional pain now the degree of emotional pain a person is willing to tolerate is largely dependent on their self-esteem and selfworth okay. But the fastest way to get rid of anybody is to violate their values period okay.

This is why we this is this is a big this is this is a radioactive nuclear piece now the biggest problem that people have and and every every class in. NLP teaches criterian values. But because of the way they teach it people don't realize where the power really is criterian values drives the bus everything we're going to do in terms of linguis. IC communication is going to in some way activate and stimulate that.

Criterion value checklist inside of them criterian values have three components three components a there is a checklist a series of parameters that have to be satisfied when that checklist is matched the body generates a feeling a. Feeling and. Then once we have that complex of a checklist with the feeling our neurology and our cognitive side wants to give it a label a name now why do. I make that distinction it's because two of the three pieces are changeable in other words you can change them fairly fasile you can change a person's values.

But you can't change the label they give it for some reason when people name something thing they fall in love with that label and they will resist changing the label. But you can change the characteristics of it which is kind of weird. But it's it's how it works now that's advanced stuff. I'll be up front with you that's.

Advanced down the line stuff that like killer influence 2 or something like that unless you know. NLP in which case you can just move it into a different box and it goes away. But that's a different class for a different day. But at the end of the day people have a checklist and when the checklist is matched they get a feeling it's either a feeling they like or a feeling they don't like when that.

H when they have that feeling their perceptual filters shift in line to maintain that feeling the fastest way to change the emotional state of another human being is to change yours you have this organism these organs in your body known as mirror neurons mirror neurons have they're still still there's still a lot of exploration to be done on mirror neurons. But mirror neurons literally take the information that comes to you from your appropriate exception through your five sentences and it actually replays that information in your own neurology what. I mean is and the way this was discovered was that uh there was some researchers in. Italy and.

I think the book. Where. I found this his name was yakobo or. Yak what's anybody remember what the the.

I can never remember the the author's name of that book. It's called mirroring people yabon uh now it's all right. Anyway you can. Google it we have we actually have a list it's on there.

But basically the way the mirin neurons were accidentally discovered was they had they had these uh chimps or uh actually they were. U ma or. Anyway some form of monkey strapped into an. EEG and one of the lab assistants was off on the other side of the room peeling a banana and the monkey he sitting in the chair watching the watching the lab assistant peel the banana and what another lab assistant noticed was as the chimp was watching this guy peel the banana all the parts of the chimp's brain and nervous system that would be firing if he was peeling the banana were going off and that led to the study of understanding that mirror neurons are the biological organ by which we have empathic understanding and intuitive understanding of people right.

Every time. I watch you do something there's a part of my neurology that's actually mirroring what you're doing it's firing all the same muscle fibers at a subtle degree same brain. Parts as if. I were actually doing the exercise and that's how we start to create intuitive understanding of what people's intentions are this is such a powerful faculty that.

I don't have to see your entire body like if. I'm watching. Seth and. I see his he's.

T over here even though. I can't see his legs my my motor my mirror neurons will actually pick up what he's doing with his legs and fire those those neurons it's very cool right. Um. So this is the this are the phenomena that we're learning to play with does that does that make sense okay.

So when we we start to control people's states you have to remember the. First thing that about every human being regardless of what their criterian values are they're looking for themselves the human nervous system is a selfish system every single one of you is moving through the world like a little um like a. Little. Submarine.

I guess you know submarines have sonar they ping they send out a little sonar sound blast and. Then the sound bounces back and. Then depending on how they interpret it they know where to go your nervous system is doing exactly the same thing it has a map and a set of criteria about how the way the world is supposed to be their idealized worldview and it's moving through the world projecting it out onto everyone looking for the match it's happening on a cognitive level it's happening on a biological level it's happening on a molecular level okay. Now as influencers our job isn't to rewrite the system it's to hack it it's to use it right.

I don't make the rules. I just exploit. I mean. I report them right.

So this is where this brings us to our. First thing. Echo technique the most powerful words any human being can hear at any given moment are the words it just came out of their mouth it is the hack for every other report technique you've ever been taught okay. It will make everything you do easy when in doubt.

Echo it out when in doubt. Echo it out okay. So whenever you don't know what to say say what they just said why. First of all once.

I get my computer fixed remember. I said that for everything thing every context the human being generates there's a. Criterion values checklist now in. NLP we would have a very straightforward rather invasive way of accessing that list we would ask the person what's important about.

X whatever. X happens to be right. That's what we call direct access of. Criterion values.

But there's another way to do it and that's through. Echo technique because as we create. Lang language or we we we have an experience that. We're translating into language it passes through all these filters and what comes out of our mouth is a is a product of that filtering process which means it's been passed through every.

Keyhole that the nervous system has. So if. I give you your exact words back well it fits that every keyhole on the way in and it will go right. Down the image.

I often see when we do this this way is like you remember that the original. Star. Wars when uh when. Luke is going down to destroy the.

Death. Star and he fires that torpedo into the into the vent and everything goes. KY when you. Echo somebody it goes right.

Down to their. Criterion vience even if you don't know what their exact. Criterion values are it indirectly stimulates those values at the same time it matches their process perfectly it matches their state and manages it perfectly it is a language pattern. So they hear their own words coming back to them and they feel validated they feel heard understood and that is a feeling that human beings are starving for.
