Title: FREE ENERGY LECTURE: SPEED Energy Healing Made Easy - Part 2
File Name: VHfDE4E-TJg.txt
Video Id: VHfDE4E-TJg
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VHfDE4E-TJg

All right. I apologize in advance if. I seem a little scattered it's been a very long day all right. I'm going to leave the screen door open.

So we don't get too hot or too cold okay. I think maybe what we'll do here is. Bryant did you come to my energy hypnosis meet up in veg in. Vegas or did you miss that one.

I didn't know you had one oh you didn't know. I had one oh that was your very. First. Second day the.

First one. I did was instant conversational hypnosis. Second one was energy hypnosis which actually wind up being two sessions because half my room decided that they didn't have enough in the. First hour.

So they literally found an empty room and waited for me to show up one. I missed yeah yeah that was. So it's cool sweet can. I borrow you is it okay.

You sure no. Okay. Who's got who wants to feel good for no. Fraking reason nobody wants to come on up here.

Brother come on it's okay. To be on camera absolutely all right. Cool. So there was a time in your life when you felt amazing.

Sensations in your body true or not true true okay. Can you remember that time yes. Not that one the other one no. Way you feel it cool cool now close now.

I want you look. At that feeling. I want you to notice there's a color connected to that feeling what's the color. First impression purple excellent.

I want you to reach in with both of your hands grab all that purple energy take it out and hold it in your hands in front of you make sure you get it all cuz sometimes it. Heights excellent it's all on your hands yes. Did the color change or stay the same. First impression it's a lighter purple cool notice it's spinning in a certain direction what direction is it spinning excellent grab it with both of your hands physically double the spin double the speed double the power double the amplitude double the force double the magnitude keep doubling it until it takes on a life of its own until it's more than you can possibly stand it when you know you've got it slam it back into that spot notice the change that a build notice.

With. Every. Breath. You.

Take and every beat of your heart it just gets stronger that's right. Right. And stronger and stronger back more you try to if you try to stop it it just gets stronger for as long as your heart continues to beat for as long as your lungs continue to breathe notice how that spin just amplifies and accelerates becoming stronger stronger that's right. Just let it all roll baby notice that that energy continues to grow stronger and stronger it begins to move out of that spot begins to move into another spot and.

Then another spot it begins to make a circuit through your body and eventually just one. Minds all through your body coming back to its point of origin and as soon as it does it doubles again spreading and growing stronger and strong that's right. That's it excellent and when you know it's as good as you can stand it right. Now and it's only going to get better.

Li your eyes. To open notice how good you feel how was that brother that's good does he look. Like a campy happer give a big round of that's the whole process right. Anybody else want it you want to feel good no.

You want nobody wants to feel good geez okay. So let's play a little bit that's where you're going all right. Now. First thing we want to do is we want to talk about the grid we want to talk about how your nervous system actually works okay.

Now most people when we talk about the human energy field they think of we talk about this thing called the aura right. When we think of the aura we think about this glowing cloud of multicolored energy that floats around our body because that's how the old texts describe it right. I think of it a little differently okay. Have anybody here ever seen.

Mission. Impossible or. Tony or. Iron.

Man you know my favorite scenes is when. Tony's like in this virtual reality bubble and he's like exploding these diagrams and he's moving stuff around and he's opening. Windows and pictures and things like that the interesting thing about it is we think that that would be cool right. But you know where the model the inspiration for that scene comes from it comes from your nervous system your energy field that proprioceptive grid around your body is the largest information filing system on the planet it stores things multi-dimensionally it stores things in the language of the five senses okay.

So here's what. I want you to do. I want you to think of a time in your life when you felt the most amazing pleasure ever you don't have to tell me what it is you just have to do it is that okay. Can we do that by the way if you're not going to do the drills get the hell out because.

I it's not going to work if you just sit there and take notes it's going to you got to get you got to get off the bench. So what. I want you to do is. I want you to think of a time in your life when you felt wonderful when you had a really great experience maybe it was something that you saw something that you wanted you you decided you were going to go for it you put the plan into action and you won big time maybe it was a joyful experience from when you were six or or what.

I don't care what it is. But just. Reach. Out.

And. Touch it if if you could imagine it somewhere in that space around you reach out and touch it notice where in your body you feel it as you reach out and touch it now take both of your hands trace the edges of it. So you know exact exactly how big it is excellent now what. I want you to do is.

I want you to grab the edges of it and since this is a pleasurable experience. I want you to double the size of it notice what happens to the feeling now bring it back bring it closer to your body notice how you feel it notice what makes it stronger put it back very good now double it again some of you are really going there. I like that now here's what. I want to show you take that image and put it behind you notice what happens to the feeling sweet what happened it went away how'd.

I know that went away didn't it reach back grab it bring it back what we're doing here is we're interfacing between the energetic locations the appropriate receptive locations that your nervous system uses to store experiences by manipulating the size energy and direction we can change its effect on our body. So as we reach out and touch that thing that made us feel really really good. I want you to pay attention once again to where in your body you feel it as you pay attention to where in your body you feel it. I want you to point to it just point to it good now close your eyes.

And look. At it with your inner eyes. And. I want you to notice that there's a feeling or a color connected to that feeling what's the color.

First impression become aware of it now. I want you to reach in with both of your hands physically take that energy out and hold it in your hands in front of you and the. First thing. I want you to notice is did the color change or stay the same whether it did or didn't it's fine just pay attention to it as you look.

At it. I want you to become aware that it's moving in a certain direction it's spinning in a certain direction notice what direction it's spinning if this is something you want more of grab it with both of your hands physically grab it and double the spin double the speed double the force double the magnitude keep doubling it over and over and over again until it takes on a life of its own until it's impossible for it to go back the way it was when you know you've got it slam it back in notice the change notice it permeating and spreading all throughout your mind all throughout your body with. Every. Breath.

You. Take and every beat of your heart it just gets stronger and stronger and strong feel your nervous system light up like a. Christmas tree as those wonderful feelings go surging in and out up and down creating a wonderful sensation in your body that you love. So much notice that.

With. Every. Breath. You.

Take and every beat of your heart it just gets stronger in fact if you try to slow it down it just speeds up the more you try to stop it the faster it goes in fact the more you enjoy it the faster it goes and it just keeps getting getting better mhm and when it's as good as you can stand it and still maintain focus and attention to what. I'm saying consciously at least allow your eyes. To open notice how good you feel dude let me tell you that's brilliant that's brilliant any you got something they want to get rid of anybody hi there you're. Hannah right.

I'm. Hannah nice to meet you you hi nobody nobody has anything you want to guess something on your. R come here we go come get it oh you want me to come over there no. She trying to be dominant.

Army aren't you give this this a sweet give her a big round of applause come over here. So is it okay. To be on camera all right. So you have something that you want to change right.

Okay. So here's what. I want you to do. I want you to when that feeling comes up it comes from a certain place inside right.

But here's what. I want you to do. I want you to point to where you feel it that's right. Now look.

At that spot physically look. At it now close your eyes. Look. At it with your inner eyes.

On a scale of 0 to 10. I want you to rate the intensity of the feeling 10 good excellent as you look. At that feeling. I want you to notice there's a color connected to that feeling what's the color.

First impression what black black. I want you to reach in and grab all that black energy take it out and hold it in your hands in front of you make sure you get it all cuz sometimes that hides and you know you got it there excellent now as you look. At it did the color change or stay the same. First impression what it change to.

Pur excellent now as you look. At that purple energy. I want you to notice it's spinning in a certain direction what direction is it spinning. First impression great now grab it with both of your hands physically reorient it.

So it's the opposite of what it was now double the spin double it again keep doubling it over and over and over again until it takes on a life of its own sweet until it's impossible for it to go back the way it was when you know you got it slam it back in notice that's right. Let the feeling come up let it come out as you feel it you reveal it as you reveal it you heal it notice the no. This is gone that's good let it come up it's okay. You're doing great scale of 0 to 10 rate the feelings zero zero zero try to bring it back oh give her a big round of applause woo that always happens once the program once you recode the program you're going to sweat it's okay.

That's part of the process the system is literally rebooting the entire the entire internal environment to conform to the new program. So emotions are going to come up they'll break out many times they will break out into a sweat you have to when you're going if you're guiding somebody else through this process you got to let them know to let that happen because our our our. Instinct our reptilian the minute we have those feelings start to come up we want to stuff them back down because our society teaches us that stuffing emotions down and and pretending they're not there and not expressing them is emotional control that's not emotional control that's denial and repression and it's a recipe for cancer tumor and most chronic illness okay. You know a lot.

I'm. I'm a li acupuncturist my good friend edit is an acupuncturist as well just let it come up it's good all right. You're very welcome very welcome you did good work see you don't have to believe it you just have to do it right. And the process is going to keep going on it's going to keep it reverse generalizes.

So one of the things that that. I always. I always try to do is. I kind of try to level the playing field you know a lot of us.

B especially as alternative healers we tend to bag on. Western medicine we say well. Western medicine only treats the symptom they're going to cut it out or give you a pill and and it's not really going to fix the problem right. So we have the body right.

And. Western medicine only treats the body or if you're a psychiatrist or a psychologist they might just treat the mind now it's starting to change we're starting to understand that you can't separate the mind and the body our acupuncturist guess what acupuncture only treats the symptom too it's just a different layer of symptom acupuncture treats the energetics energetically speaking you have energy you have when you're dealing with the body. Chinese medicine uh categorizes pathogens into two categories internal and external your external pathogens are wind heat cold dampness dryness okay. We understand that those are bacterias and fungi and whatever and.

Then it categorizes internal pathogens internal pathogens can be heat they can. But they have as a root they're basically emotions intense emotional experiences okay. That get locked in the organs and an acupuncturist will treat your emotional problems with many of the same points they would use to treat a physical one okay. But it doesn't answer the fundamental question many times what caused the energetic imbalance in the.

First place. So what an acupuncturist will do many times. Chun person will do many times. But pretty much any energy healer will do many times is they'll go into the energy field and they'll look.

For anomalies in the energy field they'll look. For places where there's too much energy or not enough energy and they'll smooth it out they'll remove that blockage. So to speak or that imbalance and once you've drained the energetic expression the problem dissipates in theory except it does come back why because something is generating that energetic imbalance without exception it's emotion okay. So what you have is a three-way.

Street any problem you have or experience in the human body has a sematic component it has an energetic component and it has an emotional component now most modalities will deal with one or the other we split them up into. Specialties and. Then sometimes it works many times it doesn't because we're not treating the system completely right. So what we want to do is we want to activate all of this now getting back to that whole thing about the aura.

I was talking about the grid we played with pictures a little bit right. When. I think about the oric field. First of all you have to another way of saying.

Aura in a more neurological perspective is proception you guys know what propri reception is right. You have this layer in your nervous system that if. I reach into my pocket and there's something in my pocket it's the part of my nervous system that knows what's in my pocket without me having to look. At it you ladies who've ever been out and have that weird icky feeling at the back of your neck and you turn around and somebody's looking at you in a less than.

Wholesome. Way that's your propri receptive nervous system again when we get when we drink too much when we get pulled over and they test to see if we can find our nose they're testing our proprioception the thing we need to understand about our proprioceptive nervous system it's entirely preconscious it's always on and if you actually had a sixth sense it would be your proprioceptive reg your proprioceptive nervous system. But it wouldn't be your sixth sense it would be your sixth seventh eth and. Ninth sents because at.

Last time. I checked there were six different nerve endings six six different types of stimuli that your proceptive nervous system monitors one of which is electromagnetic fields another one is. Nas acception another one is mechano. Reception okay.

It's your proprioceptive grid that is the physiological component of your oric field okay. You have another aspect to your nervous system that's also important it's called mirror neurons how many people here do not know what mirror neurons are raise your hands it's okay. If you don't there's a book. You want to get called mirroring people by.

Italian scientist named yabon mirror neurons are the physiological organ upon which intuitive communication is based the way mirror neurons were discovered was maybe about a decade ago now maybe a little bit longer there were some scientists in. Italy that were doing research on monkeys and they had these monkeys uh strapped up to some eegs and one of the lab assistants was peeling a banana and the interesting thing was one of the other lab technicians discovered was as the monkey was watching the lab technician peel the banana every part of the brain and body that would be required for the monkey himself to peel the banana was firing at the same time the monkey was watching the lab technician that launched the entire study of mirror neurons okay. This is not metaphysics this is not science fiction this is neuroscience this is how you work okay. Every motion.

I'm making up here at some level within your nervous system all the same neural connections are firing because that's how you learn to understand what. I'm communicating somatically it's done preconscious okay. Okay. Now in my martial arts classes.

I can do really cool things with that. I can make people fall over. I can make people kneel when they don't want to okay. I can make people punch off in different directions okay.

Because. I understand mirror neurons propri reception and another important principle actually. I'm going to use this. I'm going to use an easier word where's my where's my eras you know what maybe.

I'll just show you can you give me 3 minutes yeah nothing. I'm teaching you is metaphysical although you could think of it that way it's all based on what. I know about neuroscience and how every all the systems interact not the propri reception nervous system by itself not the language centers by itself not the sematic components by itself how everything integrates now one of the things that happens when you do what. I'm doing with like with sweet and what was your name again.

John. John that's right. What. I do with.

John is what you're not seeing some of you may have felt it and anybody who's ever done this with me has felt it is when. I'm in when. I'm with that person. I'm interfacing my nervous system with theirs.

I'm literally s synchronizing just like you would sync your your your iPhone or your computer or whatever. But. I'm not doing it through what we would consider a metaphysical principle. I'm doing it through a physics principle known as entrainment anybody here know what entrainment means.

Billy what does entrainment mean it's synchronizing it can be synchronizing any system with another system. So that you moving in the same direction exactly many people many of us here especially the females have probably heard the story if you get 28 women in a room or in a house for a couple of months within a very short period of time every 28 days magic happens and all the men leave town right. Right. Why they're menstrual cycle synchronized we also know that if we take a room full of clocks all moving with pendulums at a different rate and speed within a very short period of time regardless of how they're set all the pendulums will start to move in unison right.

Your nervous system works exactly the same way when most people try to teach you how to have rapport with somebody they're giving you a set of mechanical principles to try and hurry a process along many times that hold you back this is something. I use in my killer influence class. You. Who.

Come in killer influence are going to see this again tomorrow. This is 40 distinct metronomes all set at different speeds let me turn that let me turn turn the volume up. So it's cool and the brightness maybe the lights oh you can hear it right. Can't see it is that better huh oh shoot sorry guys my bad we go you guys see it [Music] see you don't have to believe it you just got to do it huh this is the law of physics this is called entrainment all molecular based movement or all molecular objects seek synchronicity they seek to entrain let me turn this off.

But they did lie to us it doesn't take hours does it these are machines all set independently with no. Nervous system no. Intention right. They're set to respond and behave in a very specific way and yet they changed because that's the way the universe works okay.

All you have to do is learn to pay attention to when that synchronization happens before you do anything else because it can't not happen because you're more advanced than a metronome right. The secret is to allow it to the problem is we have three layers to our brain that create little firewalls to our awareness and those little firewalls to our awareness keep us from sensing when those shifts actually happen does that make sense. But once we can do that once we get all levels of your system interacting and interfacing properly literal magic happens okay. You don't have to believe in pleadians or.

Angels or fairies although many of us do especially if you're from. Santa. Monica. I'm going to have to edit that out.

I know because. I'm going to get some serious for that one. But this is how you work okay. Your grid that proceptive sphere around you works exactly like your iPhone you can open a window you can expand it you can move it to different locations the bubble around you that we call the oric field is not some nebulous cloud of energy it's a highly organized field for information access that's why when you start talking nobody talks like this and they just talk with their hands at their sides.

Nobody. Does that unless you're terrified or lying okay. What they do is they start gesturing as they talk they start moving their hands when they start talk you'll see this after. I point it out when people start talking about their problems.

I'll say point to where you feel they go. I. I don't know where it is they know exactly where it is unconsciously all of these gestures mean something neurologically that's where that piece of that in that experience is stored and that's where your hands go to access it it's telling you where spatially you've stored it energetically as well cuz. I believe all these things have an energetic component that we're learning to manipulate okay.

Okay. Just like an audio cassette hi. Kitty just like an audio cassette if you want to really want to get real technical about an audio you guys old enough to remember audio cassettes. I have to ask that because okay.

What is an audio cassette it's an audio cassette is a piece of matter that has on it encoded an energetic pattern. But what does that matter it's. Just. Energy at a different frequency and vibration right.

So you have a certain level of energy vibrating in a certain frequency encoding other levels of energy in patterns that have meaning to something in our case that something is the human nervous system the energetic components that we're working with that. NLP discovered the visuals the auditories the kinesthetics the ol factories the building blocks of those subjective experiences are energetically encoded in a language that your nervous system understands and if it's a code and if it's a language. Then if we change what the language says we change what the nervous system does that make sense okay. So in the world according to.

David this isn't one big glowing bubble out here it's an. XYZ grid with space width depth and location that has meaning to our nervous system now do you need to know all that to make this work no. You don't have to do that at all. But if you really want to have power and control in your life if you want people to stop pushing your buttons you got to know what is the structure that my nervous system uses that makes me feel like my button's been pushed very simple imagine there's a picture somewhere in the space around you that represents the experience.

Reach. Out. And. Touch it pick something on a a scale of 0 to 10 pick something.

I don't care just. Reach. Out. And.

Touch. It notice where in your body feel it we call that a sematic bridge it's one of it's a it's a tiny almost insignificant movement that means everything once you know where it feels take your hands trace the edges of it. So you know how big it is grab the edges of it expand the picture notice what happens to the feeling now bring it back double the size again notice what happens to the intensity of the feeling as you play with the size of the image bring it closer to your body notice if it gets better or worse whether it gets there's no. Right.

Or wrong. However your system does it that's fine now push it back now close your eyes. Point to where you felt it physically point to where you felt it look. At that feeling with your inner eyes.

Notice there's a color connected to that feeling what's the color. First impression whatever it is pay attention to it reach in with all with both of your hands physically grab all of that energy take it out and hold it in your hands in front of you make sure you get it all. CU sometimes that crap hides once you got it look. At it.

First thing. I want you to notice is did the color change or stay the same and as you look. At it notice it's spinning in a certain direction notice what direction it's spinning if it's something you want to get rid of physically grab it and rotate it in space. So it's moving the opposite of what it was double the spin double the speed double the force double the magnitude keep doubling it until it takes on a life of its own until it's impossible for it to go back the way it was when you know you've got it slam it back into that spot notice the change notice it's gone notice as you try to bring it back how it starts to evaporate even more quickly or you try to bring it back that's right.

Let whatever feelings connected to that experience come up because as they come up they come out as they come out you're free you're gone as you you feel it you reveal it as you reveal it you heal it when you know you've got it open your eyes. Take your time how you feeling intense huh let the feelings come up you're doing good that's good keep it up you're doing great let it come up that's your body shedding what it no. Longer needs doing great it's really bizarre actually. I know um like when we did the.

First spinning thing the positive image. I couldn't think of anything my mind is totally blot and that's like the brain fog. I have very bad um and uh this time. I feel like sorry the words are hard to dude you're still processing it's all right.

This is not a small change okay. Let it come up. I mean. I have done self hypnosis sort of things.

But this was this is different isn't it yeah like. So. I was visualizing the blockage in my brain and. I didn't even have a color for it it was like a grayish white didn't have a color.

But it was grayish white well it it's like it's like a void almost it's there it's just unless we call your attention to it it's it the the the the brain doesn't bring it into awareness many times this is why. I ask it seems like what. I'm doing is very random. But there's a very specific set of languaging that.

I'm using and a very specific set of structures that. I'm that are creating a synergistic effect between all the different parts of his brain and the rest of his body right. Ed how's your neck brother got that's what. I said that's my junkie pusher too you got good.

Bro. Lori how you feeling sweetie question if somebody has trouble visualizing something. POS it doesn't come to mind and. I remember you said use your imagination.

But you're kind of you feel like you're working at a deficit you know without having this. Vivid picture of something seems like everybody can visualize something oh hell no. Very clear no. No.

That is not the way it works. No. In fact most of us my pictures are extremely dim and. I practice a lot the secret is is there's a reason why we we can tell something we imagine from something that's real okay.

We have special places for people who don't have that filter we call them insane asylums we have special meds for people who don't have that filter there's a there's a filter that lets us categorize or sort experience that's internally generated versus experience that's externally generated in this process we are actually permeating that filter. So that there's internal experience and external experience happening simultaneously synergistically that's why we're acting it out there are people out there and especially guys like. Richard bandler who spin things. But it's there's no.

Sematic there's no. Acting it out there's no. Reaching there's none of that they spin it and they get a certain degree of change they isolate that one piece or they they develop that one piece and think that's all you need okay. The magic is in synergy is a magical act.

Kata is a hermetic process yes. Okay. Y. That's the reference for him those of you who know what.

Kata is you'll know what. I'm getting at it does the nervous system does not care what the problem is all it cares about is what are the instructions coded in the construct that we're using to interface with that level of our experience how does it do it and what do we want instead okay. Okay. Hold on stop hold on.

I've had this neck pain for the. Last three days of driving here mhm and it is completely gone try to bring it back why would. I. I always get.

I always get one of three answers. I say. I say try to bring it back they go. I can't they go it's getting better or.

I don't want to bring it back right. I get that a lot by the way okay. Okay. I swear the right.

There. I'm good. But weighted only gets better how you feeling now uh still pretty foggy and kind of groggy. But just things are shifting huh yeah yeah see them what do you think yeah it's better.

But in his ear he's got some serious heat yeah it'll go it it'll vent yeah the thing is we carry our when people have been carrying that she's still sweating look. At her up here yeah because again remember remember that little diagram. I showed you where we had the physical body and the emo the energy and we have the emotion it's a feedback loop everything we experience has a sematic component it has a an energetic component it has an emotional component you can interchange at any part of the loop and it will eventually cycle through the question is the only variable is how long does it take right. If.

I have a problem with my liver going back to a purely medical model and. I'm going to take medicine. I can inject that medicine directly into my liver. I can direct.

I can inject it into into my arm. I can inject it into my butt. I can inject it into my toe and it will all get to the liver what's the variable time right. Time the more of our resources we focus on the problem or the result the place that we want the more rapidly we get change because there's a.

Synergy there's a result that's greater than the sum of the parts okay. Could. I do it with just moving the picture around and get a certain level of change yes. Could.

I go to a a body therapist and work on that area and get a certain level of release yes. Could. I go to an acupuncturist and get a certain level of change yes. Could each of those modalities potentially heal the problem yes.

What's the variable time the more things we separate the weaker our technique gets okay. S can you repeat that yeah it's all right. It's going in trust me change work is far too important to be left up to the belief systems of the client all right. But basically some of you get that others will get that very soon.

But what. I said was the more we separate things the weaker they get that's basically what it it comes down to the more parts of your nervous system that we can get working together towards a common result the more rapidly and more deeply you'll change okay. Okay. That's really what we're doing.

So your grid is important because it's not random well it is random in one respect in that when you have an experience every one of those pictures that you reached out to by the way did. I if. I ask any of you what those pictures were look. At the pictures now notice how they're different notice they might be in a different location now hell you might not even able to find a damn thing right.

Why because the energetic component locked in the body was the driver it's always the body that drives the mind this is a big one because we live in a society that's systematically divorcing us from our body we live from the neck up. But everything's stored below the neck m it stored some every everything that we've ever experienced has a sematic address it has a place in the body where it's being stored yes. Do you mean things like chakra like chakras or it can be a chakra. But it doesn't have to be okay.

Like. NE. Ed neck pain wasn't near was technically the back of a chakra right. But that was just a sematic by the way they've proven that there are specific physiological locations where we store emotions now they've proven that there was a.

Swedish study where they they they did uh. I think. I posted it on my. Facebook.

Facebook. Page yeah right. If we want to resolve something all we really need to do is two things point to where we feel it touch the picture once we have that sematic bridge everything goes into the body now now you notice when. I was working with with swe she came up for shyness which is not a physical problem is it or is it yes.

Nobody takes an action on something that does they don't feel right. How many people came here tonight because they have a shitty picture in their head how many people have came here because they have a voice that just talks to them how many people you here came because they either have a picture in their head or a voice in their head that makes them feel shitty it's always about feeling it's always it always comes back to the body always okay. Learn to master all the different aspects of your nervous system and no. One can push your buttons ever again and if they do you instantly know how to fix it okay.

Give you guys another we'll take a little bit of a tangent here is this cool by the way all right. Now for those of you who want to do. I'm going to give you the process okay. For those of you who want to do self workor.

But. I'm going to give you a couple of caveats before. I go off on my little sidebar. I have in in when.

I teach teach this and. I have a self a self-mastery class where this is a big part of the process among seven or six or eight other processes um there's a tendency when people want to help themselves to pick the evilest nastiest most horrendous heinous thing in their life and throw this brand new technique that they can barely pronounce at it and wonder why it doesn't work okay. If by some chance you pick up a self-help book. That actually teaches you how to do a process instead of just what to do.

So they can seill you into a seminar okay. The problem is we have no. History of experience and confidence in that technique and by definition. So our confidence in that technique our ability to do that technique is technically zero even though we may understand it right.

But we have tremendous amounts of experience with that shitty heinous pain that's we're. CAU we're carrying around. So all of a sudden we have this little peashooter against. Godzilla doesn't work most of the time right.

So what we need to do is we need to work with the way your system works. Anyway your system is predisposed to sort for what's familiar whenever it meets in whenever it finds itself in a specific situation it immediately goes into its memory banks the spatial locations around our body part of it inside outside and it looks for analoges in our past things that were similar similar experiences similar contexts and it looks it. First of all it replays all the feelings connected to it because that's how the nervous system records things okay. It doesn't just record the event it builds into to that code the feelings that the event generated and because we don't understand that what we're we're remembering isn't the event itself we think it's still going on yeah we treat it like it's still going on when the fact of the matter is what you're remembering is up at best and.

I'm. I use that in all in the strictest sense of the word because anybody here ever take a really really high quality digital photograph like like 1280 by 1980 or something really really big high quality photograph and try to send it through. Yahoo does it go no. No.

Why it's too damn big there's too much information right. So what do we do we get out our. Photoshop program or our paint program and we save it down to what a smaller resolution what is a smaller resolution what is it lack of lack of data or it takes information out yeah it removes it it removes the information. So maybe we have this 1980.

X 1280 picture or whatever it is whatever size we took. It at it's really high quality we're going to send it to. Grandma maybe it's a picture of your kids right. And you want to.

Grandma grandma gets the file and she sees it on her oh that's. So cute. I want it on my big wall and. So she she goes back and brings it back up to the full size that it was originally right.

Mhm does it look. The same hell no. It's all pixelated there's blank spots there's stuff that's out of focus now she's got a lot of time on her hands and a little bit of an artistic eye she opens up her paint program she starts trying to put the dots back right. Or she says can you send me a bigger file and.

Then we you know break our computer trying to find a way to send a bigger file right. Every every memory that you have is coded in the language of the five senses and the sub elements of those five senses and each element creates a state or a feeling or an experience in your body your language your nervous system reads that code and replays the event. But it replays it lossy it replays it at a distorted deleted or generalized playback right. Anybody here ever save a high quality.

MP3 or a high quality waveform down to an. MP3. It's. SW enough to send does it sound the same the information is kind of there right.

Sometimes yeah sometimes depending on depending on how how you saved the file right. We do the same thing with our nervous system because in order to communicate we have to take all of this information compress it into a format that can be transmitted to another human being and. Then reassembled the problem is is when we talk we're sending a lossy photograph and before you can even begin to understand what. I just said your nervous system whips out the paint shop.

Pro and starts to try to put the message back the way it thinks it's supposed to be which has nothing to do with how you may have sent it this is the study of. NOP okay. But these things have an energetic consequence they have an energetic component when when. I'm talking to you you're listening to my words and you're having impressions in your mind playing.

But how many of you are consciously paying attention to where. I'm gesturing you are because you've been through a million things right. But most of you this is completely below the radar where. I'm gesturing how.

I'm gesturing and yet they have important neurological information to me certain types of gestures are. Universal to the human being. I do a gesture at a certain person and the nervous depending on what state they're in the nervous system interprets it a certain way and responds in a certain in a certain way okay. So in my system of of persuasion we call that gesture hijacking okay.

If you want to gain deep deep rapport with somebody when when you talk to them and when they talk to you pay attention to how they gesture and where because they're going to tell you that gesture means something when they start talking about this problem that they have they just can't seem to get past right. Anybody have one of those where is it really still bra it's in your brain. So if. I would reach out and take it out like that and go where is it now oh it's back there wait a minute you mean.

I just reached into your brain and now it's back there how did that happen your actions. I pick up on it subtly maybe you want you want to keep it back there is it cool back there it's fine back all right. All right. Good give a big round of applause [Applause] once the systems in train whatever.

I believe and act out becomes true for him pretty cool huh that's how your system works think of the possibilities okay. So your grid what we're going to do now is. I want you to reach out out and. I want you to find the place where you store really good decisions think of a good decision you made like maybe coming here and working with me right.

Reach. Out. And. Touch that good notice where you feel it in your body always go with your.

First impressions on this because the conscious mind gets in the way remember the unconscious mind the physical body always answers. First and it always answers honestly even if where it answers doesn't make sense consciously the conscious mind is what keeps you stuck trace the edges of that area where you keep good decisions cool excellent now play with the size and location of it until it's unmistakable you you know exactly where it is you know exactly what a good decision feels like very cool make it perfect for you and. Then when you know it's in the right. Spot keep putting it there until it's impossible to move it out now it'll be a different number repetitions for each of you that's part of your own idiosyncratic code okay.

Excellent notice there's a color connected to that feeling spin the color faster faster faster keep spinning it till it's you can physically and the more you physically act it out the more amplitude you bring into the system when you know you've got it slam it back into that spot notice the change notice how good it feels good now notice the change good excellent now we're going to use that because anytime we want to know if something's a good decision notice where the the the decision you want to make is see if it fits in that spot if it goes in it's a good decision if it doesn't go in better investigate some more. So it's a treat truth. Seeker it's a filter filter remember you think of the the the area around your body like a sphere 360° sphere that's basically just a big multi-dimensional filing cabinet where you store every single experience and experience about that experience energetically around you this why shov or. However you pronounce his name sh pendulum sh chev's pendulum yes.

Chev's pendulum does not you guys know when they take pendulums and measure your chakras and stuff like that you guys understand that what you're what you're seeing is not the energy right. What when it moves what you're seeing are the idiom motor movements the tiny muscle movements generated by your unconscious mind that are an interpretation of the energy. I don't use it for energy. I use it for idio motor response all the way and yeah.

But and. But you see a lot of people do chakra chakra measuring testing and energetics and things like that they'll hold the pendulum over the chakra to gauge the spin it's not the energy isn't what's moving it it's there it's them right. It's the the person's nervous system is interacting with your field your pro receptive grid your system is interpreting that information and expressing it in a way that's useful and that is exactly what the human body is designed to do it's designed to process to store and process and express information yes. Okay.

M. So what. I did is. I designed a uh 6 foot.

So or. So uh thing to hang the crystals off of right. So what. I was trying to do is.

I was trying to take the the the wo. Factor the my factor out of the system mhm right. Mhm. So we did this up at the camp and what happened was each of the crystals would would spin around because we had to move everything and they would spin around and all of a sudden at one point in time they locked mhm into that chakra mm.

I mean they just they. ENT trained they they. ENT ah is that what they did oh it makes perfectly good sense now ah all vibrational phenomena seek synchronicity everything gotcha the reason crystals are. So useful is because what they have a consistent resonant field no.

Matter what frequency 41 different metronomes all set it different. Paces got it okay. Okay. Got it it's not metaphys well it is metaphysics.

But it is there's a there's a a law for those of you who have a metaphysical leaning that that really want to understand the big picture. A lot of people are in love with the concept of this stuff. But when it actually comes to going out and delving deep in deep dish it's a little too much work okay. There's a law that was on the tablet that didn't get translated into the secret it's called.

The. Law of analogy you may have heard examples of it in eastern or western disciplines that which is above mirrors that which is below the microcosm is in the macrocosm these are very common things that you hear thrown about in energetics without really understanding the full scope of what it means patterns repeat processes duplicate at different levels of reality different levels of experience it's all a feedback loop and everything is connected to everything else okay. Some people might call it the law of. Correspondence a little bit different.

But again the law of analogy is exactly how our nervous system works there's a system there's a neural there's a system there's a scientific discipline called embodied cognition have anybody ever heard of that okay. Embodied cognitions tells me that if. I want somebody to have warm feelings about me if all. I do is hand them a warm drink they will start to feel warmly toward me if.

I want somebody to have a harder colder opinion of me all. I got to do is make them sit in a chair that's hard and cold or give them a cold drink warm feelings towards somebody physical warm feeling it's an analogy at a different level of experience your brain works this way this is why when words come out of of our mouth like he's a pain in the neck or he brings me down or things are looking up the little part of our brain that processes up physically is the same part that's being accessed subjectively they're stacked does that make sense everything we do stacks okay.
