Title: 6vH5yJahC18.txt
Video Id: 6vH5yJahC18
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6vH5yJahC18

D mix. C hello can you guys hear me okay. Y'all are y'all doing hello from. California there's.

Adrian. I remember you from yesterday okay. Good hey. I promised you yesterday that.

I would pop back on at some time today and finish answering um the questions that uh thank you thank you. I've just been struggling for this is monstrosity over here uh to my left uh my my electronic white board just came in and as is typical of the uh the average male. I did my best to follow the instructions and still manage to put things on backwards. So.

I'm gonna have to. I'm going to be struggling with this monster tonight getting this thing up and running. So hopefully we can start using it um in lieu of a virtual background or in lieu of a screen share for our. YouTube contingent.

I mean obviously. I could do things through uh like stream yard and stuff like that. But there seems to be. So much lag anytime.

I try to use a virtual background that until. I figure out how to get around that um this is kind of my work around. Anyway uh. So what.

I'm gonna do is. I'm gonna go back. I. I scraped everybody's chat from yesterday and.

So what. I'm going to do is. I'm just going to go right. Down the list of the questions that were asked and.

Then when. I'm done with that list. I'm going to open it up to you guys um or maybe what. I'll do is.

I'll bounce back and forth the problem is if. I bounce back and forth. I'm going to miss a lot of the questions that you type in the chat. So.

I think it's just better if. I go right. Down the list and keep the promise to the people who were on yesterday and. Then we'll.

Circle back and we'll start doing a more intense q a for you guys because. I want you know my job here is to save you time save you energy and effort uh and move you guys forward oh. I'll. I'll do this one real quick for.

Elisha. So what advice do you have someone who has been in a five year long narcissistic relationship has been traumatized to say get the [ __ ] out dude if you know that this person's narcissistic if you know they're not good for you um and they're treating you badly this is not the right. Relationship for you get the [ __ ] out it's that simple you know. I hate to sound like you know a little tough love on that.

But if it's obvious what's going on. Then you owe it to yourself you deserve better. So by all means get the [ __ ] out right. All right.

So let's go to our um let's see here. Natalia was asked okay. We've talked about that. Paul.

Bothell asked yesterday what are your thoughts on. Divine masculine um well unfortunately. Paul's not here at least not yet to elaborate on his question. So my my answer in terms of my thoughts on the.

Divine masculine are it needs to balance um. Elijah says thanks. Dr. David.

I love your videos love you man right. Take care of you. First and foremost take care of you. Then worry about the people that take care of you and go from there.

So. Divine masculine and just like divine feminine there has to be a balance there will almost always be a preference right. Some people will be a little bit more on the masculine side some people be a little bit more on the on the feminine side you're you're not a male or a female at the soul level you're a light and you get to choose which which part you want to play in okay. So those are my thoughts balance always balance uh.

E8 one how uh you how to use tetrilemma uh. I don't know what a tetrilemma is it sounds like you're talking about the tetragrammaton um and. I find it. I used to.

I use it all the time uh. Natalya was asking a spinning technique helped speed up manifestations it speeds up manifestations because everything that we create starts with a thought that thought is made of spirit that. Spirit pulls in energy that energy pulls in. Mass.

But part of the the programming language that the spirit uses to create effect is visual auditory kinesthetic on um olfactory gustatory modalities part of that primary encoding system is the direction of some of movement direction of movement has meaning at the higher levels of the of the of the four level human being and. So when you change the spinning um you're affecting it on on several ways simultaneously a you're actually coding it in the opposite if you're getting rid of pain for example when if the pain is moving this way you move the opposite what's the opposite of pain either nothing or pleasure. So what happens is you get this noise canceling effect where you have uh two vibrations going in opposite directions and they cancel each other out and poof you've resolved it you've unpacked the thought form you've unpacked the uh the holographic memory container that was causing it and you've used the body's own programming system to facilitate that which means no. Rejection okay.

Uh. Adrian is asking. Adrian. Marta.

Mason says uh you say quick teaching of rhythmic learning. I don't know what that means means of savagery says. I'm a new content creator. I was wondering would be the best way to use.

NLP or hypnosis methods. I can use to engage yours it's very simple pattern interrupts shock them surprise them ask questions that make them go huh use titles that make you go what huh what and because again people are moving through the world novelty creates dopamine dopamine creates interest interest creates action. So once again use very catchy very hooky titles that stop a person and make them say what did. I just see and.

I'll click on it okay. And. Then make sure that your content actually provides some kind of value. Cobra.

Viper. Says is there a hypnosis overload can too much hypnosis sessions diminish the intent of a program for someone for example to have a great memory or make studying easier. I'm gonna go. I'm gonna go out on a limb here because most people don't do enough hypnosis uh that functionally know.

But it there is a possibility many times when you keep getting bombarded by a message and you start to develop resentment towards that message um there can be kind of a reactant effect. I know because. I'm like the poster child for reactants guys those of you in the chat. I promise you.

I will get to your questions. But um just kind of bear with me. Darren. McCafferty from.

Edinburgh. Scotland. I will be in. Dublin.

Thursday. So practically neighbors right. Um let's see here. Pablo baraha he's asking how to remove trauma using hypnosis oh my god there are.

So many ways to remove trauma using hypnosis start well. Then start with the transformational. Triad get the identity by. Design training and.

Then go right. Into real world trauma resolution which contains uh classical regression techniques and holonomic regression techniques and you'll have just about everything you need to resolve pretty much any trauma you encounter um let's see here. So frequencies is asking what are you drinking tea or soda this is uh this is coffee and. Then.

I usually have a ton of different drinks around um around my desk. So. I usually have like three bottles of water two bottles of iced tea uh sometimes a grapefruit drink this is my my one cup of coffee that. I've been nursing all day.

So um brick teakin is saying you use. Kundalini energy better health or better or or build a better physique okay. Brick. I'm not sure what you're asking me.

But if you're asking me can you use. Kundalini energy to build better health and a better physique the short answer is yes. The longer answer is um the more. I know about how you want to use it um the better off the answer.

I give you. Allegra chill who says. I. Finally found one on time well.

I did give you guys kind of a warning usually. I don't. Adam. Lee.

Brown says thanks. Dr. Schneider uh let's see here moving down the list pretty quick all the information you share is really great thank you. Miss link eight uh healing sound vibrations and frequencies awesome okay.

Good and let's see there's a few more questions and. Then you guys in the chat are ready to go. Joseph and. Tristan can you teach me the.

Denmark uh. I can teach you a version of it yes. Uh. I wouldn't teach it to just about just anybody though.

I'd have to know you pretty well and know you're relatively sane uh and one of the interesting things about a lot of the. Q show that's out there is one of the things that like the domain systems uh art. Mason system some of the other democ systems one of the things they don't tell you is you got to have uh you gotta have a high enough amount of. Jing and qi to transfer into those points.

So that's why a lot of times the pressure point stuff is hit and miss uh a because they don't distort the structure enough and there's not enough qi um transfer into the points. So when you have those two elements handled the monk gets really easy um in a scary kind of way um. Anyway um. Alex.

GI love watching your videos to relax always makes me feel like. I'm attempting to bet well you are. Alex. Alexis.

I would. I would like to think that anybody who's who's here on planet. David is looking for ways to better themselves you know. Cyrus from.

Brotherhood. Society thanks uh the face reading would be helpful what do you want to know about face reading we got a great class coming up for those of you in. Dallas we're coming to see you guys and gals we got our. First classical face reading class coming up uh in.

Dallas in. April it's on the website you can go to www. David snyderenlp.com forward slash events and sign up for that class. I would love to see a class of like 40 or 50 people just learning the the.

QI based energetic systems that. I was originally taught um let's see here um. Natalie. M question follow-up.

So if. I'm if. I'm strategic and careful with authority what techniques do. I use to safely confront.

Authority. Echo technique um. Criterion values uh. Renegade reframing reframe patterns and resistance removal formula and that will get you a lot really really quickly all right.

That's the end of the official questions from yesterday. So we are actually on to your questions um let me see here. So. Eric round says my wife.

Tony has a question regarding human aura would this be something you'd be comfortable addressing really depends on the question. Eric. I'm happy to to give you what answers. I can uh.

Nathan e question hey. David anything for connecting that's more powerful than three magic questions not at the beginning stages of um of an interaction. However if you take the three magic questions and you graphed on what we call in my system the 36. Magic.

Bullets the 36 magic questions now you can take that that intimacy that you've built with 3mq and take it into like let's get married. Next week uh kind of level intimacy um if you get our if you come to attraction. Mastery you'll get a deep dive into how all of these different systems interconnect um by a show of hands how many people are actually interested in attraction applications. I'm curious or you know by typing me in the chat uh let's see.

Jack's. Temple. Health says is it possible to fall in love again in a seven-year-old marriage what's one's approach yes. It is um it's very possible in fact.

But you have to remember the things that made you fall in love in the. First place and you have to start to generate a genuine gratitude and appreciation for the life you shared see one of the things that tends to happen is. I learned this from bandler many many years ago was that when people get in a relationship do you ever notice that like when you're in that early stages of infatuation or or love like when you think of this person all you see are the positive things right. And.

Then and as as time goes on and more and more crap builds up at some point in that relationship the pictures flip instead of start focusing and starting to remember all the pictures of the good things you guys did together you start remembering all the bad things and that starts the downward spiral. So the fastest way to reverse that process is to reflip the pictures. But sometimes that's hard when you're really far into a relationship and there's. So much baggage there.

So the best thing to do aside from clearing out your [ __ ] to begin with is go back to the person you were at the beginning of the relationship and remember what made you guys fall in love in the. First place and realize that in spite of the extra you know cottage cheese or cellulite to the extra padding or the wrinkles or the gray hair that person is still in there and if you just see that per the partner you're with through those eyes. That other person will start to come out and it happened immediately. But you'll start to notice a very distinct shift in how you view things um lots of other things hacks that you can do.

But. I can't really explain them in an. AMA. But.

I could show you. I could talk. I can talk about them more at the attraction. Mastery class where we got four days to talk about the ins and outs of going from cold approach to consummating uh a long-term relationship and.

Beyond. So for those of you who are interested. I really do encourage you because we're not going to do this this particular training again for probably another two or three years uh. I've done it.

I did it once. Last year. I'm doing it once this year. I've already broken um my my policy on how often.

I do attraction workshops. So um it's not going to be another one for two or three years. So if you really want to get ahead of the game uh save some time energy and stop kissing at. So many frogs metaphorically speaking you might want to come out to.

Vegas um in. February and and learn how to really separate the good ones from the oh hell no. Categories and all points in between um. Juan.

Robles any thoughts on. AI. Elon. Musk mentions it it could end civilization as we know and he's pioneering on it anything that goes to an extreme has becomes dangerous.

I think. AI you know obviously has tremendous benefits to us as a tool. But if we start relegating decision making and management to something that does not have emotions that does not factor in humanity does not factor in. Mercy or compassion we're gonna have a problem right.

So again it really depends on on how you use the. AI right. As far as marketing goes things of that nature. I think.

AI is phenomenal um. Vincent brigant stopped smoking specialist novelty creates dopamine attention interest action great you're very you're very welcome. Vincent. Paul deeney says hi.

David hi all after. Kai says cheers. Patricia any tips to shorten the coven virus yes. Um three herbs that tend to work really well uh.

Ching. Hao beijetongue shenshiwan and oh wait. John. Wayne.

John yeah and there's one more for lung heat that worked really really well that takes a little bit more uh preparation if you call my clinic 858-282-466. I'm sorry that's not it 858 481 -1438 ask for. Dr. Dawn and what three herbs put the blood three formulas are used to shorten the coven virus and she'll give you those and.

Then if you want you can order them from the clinic uh. Elisa do you like cats. I on a psychological level like cats on a uh allergy level. I do not like cats or should.

I say cats don't like me. So uh. Steven says hey. David how would you know if you have a spell curse on you and how would you remove the spell um probably one of the best ways to do it is have some kind of divination done on you or follow your gut talk to.

God and ask what they think and. Then the. First thing you have to do is connect to the divine and bring amplify your connection to the. Divine and surrender to it which is going to amplify your vibration and start to unpack the reasons that the curse is there the other thing is going back to the same old same old you got to fix your [ __ ] the reason curses can take hold of us is because there is something inside of us that resonates with the frequency of the curse medium or the curse and the cursing entity okay.

So the best thing we can do is what. I've been saying pretty much my entire time clean up your [ __ ] deepen your connection to. Source uh and. Then there's all kinds of other rituals and processes that you can do to amplify your.

Shields. But to really break the curse you have to have either. Divine intercession somebody who has more powerful magic than you do um and you need or as a more is often a better approach clean up your [ __ ] and get rid of it okay. Uh.

Paul deaney. Dublin on. Thursday did. I miss a question no.

I'm actually attending one. I'm actually working on my doctorate in. Chinese energetic medicine and. So one of the courses um one of the workshops that's gonna that.

I'm intend that. I need for the the doctorate is going to be in. Dublin and. So.

I'll be flying out with my wife and we'll be doing a couple of tour you know a couple days of tourist stuff. Then. I'll be three days of intensive energy training in medical. Qigong and um.

Then. I'll be coming back to continue the the journey in. Planet. David pets in the ground says hey.

David are you as effective with animals as you are with people. I'm gonna have to say no. Um largely because. I don't work with that many animals um.

I will tell you that a lot of the empathic techniques like the state control uh sphere of influence um. Master and. Commander those kinds of things those work really really well in animals and a lot of my students have used them very effectively on animals. So.

I'm going to say. I don't. I don't because. I don't work with animals.

But that would probably be the only reason. I would say that. Steve hey. Dr.

David how would you know if we've already asked that um uh see here um there are. So many. Tech. I want to say.

I think. I missed a few pension says do you feel any of your work transcends on your time and have you found anything interesting regarding time yes. And no. Um.

I'm gonna just leave that that question kind of hanging out there um in our advanced classes like our. Advanced meditation and magic classes um in our. Advanced. NLP and identity by.

Design classes we work we start introducing people to the filters of linear time um as we get deeper and deeper into holonomic regression the holonomic um information processing. Network economic nervous system. Then we start to get things that are time transcendent and weird phenomena start to manifest. So there's again everything we what we do even though we're we're a pragmatic.

School we're an embodiment. School we're about going out and being effective in your chosen application. But we're also a mystery. School in that we're going to teach you a set of skills that allow you to get the results you want right.

Here right. Now. But also lay the groundwork for more powerful more advanced more vibrational transpersonal magical practices. So you can come in and you can get what you need and go or you can get what you need realize there's more and you keep going it's really up to you we don't we don't we don't try to make you learn things that aren't going to solve your problems we want you to come in take the information apply it get a result and.

Then decide if you want to move on into other areas or hang out in in. Planet. David and do cool stuff with other people with cool people who like to do cool stuff. But everything we do has a progression to it and every piece of it is is pragmatic it's workable and it amplifies the levels that came before it and is built on the levels that came before it.

So um that's why. So much of our our trainings always start with either identity by. Design or killer influence right. Because you're either coming in because you want to be of service which is almost always the identity buying system or you want to build your or you want to be more influential in some aspect of your life take the randomness out and at some point those two those two paths intersect and they they merge and and you get all the other stuff becomes available to you right.

So let's see here uh get smart quick says hello y'all. Elijah this is a good question. Preston diamond does a click happen when you accept an a new subconscious belief are you talking about that that kind of. Double.

Take moment where it's like oh wow like the sudden realization or. Enlightenment is that what you're talking about let's see here. Prem sarin there are. So many.

NLP techniques. So is there just some basic core techniques because we can't learn that many yes. And unfortunately um the core the core things you need to learn are. So hidden in the syllabus of classical.

NLP that most people never figure it out we did and we teach it as. CPI and we teach it as uh killer influence um and identity by. Design and once you have those techniques and those principles there's nothing in. NLP you can't do right.

Nothing um. David. Green. Show.

David what is the definition of sexual tension which is actually useful and practical sexual tension is the combination of. Attraction and desire combined with an uncertainty that it's actually going to happen right. So if you ever think about like you're with somebody and you you feel like there's this attraction right. But it's almost always it's like there's a sexual undercurrent to everything.

But nobody wants to really bring it out in the open right. There's an attraction you know um a great way to a great way to see what what sexual tension or positive sexual tension is like is when you watch. I guess the most recent example would be the the show called. The.

Rookie and if you watch the. First four seasons you'll see two characters um uh. Tim. Bradford and.

Lucy. Chen are the characters and they start off very very like you know. Mentor mentee kind of thing. But as you watch the dynamic you can feel the underlying attraction growing and that's what we call we talk about positive sexual tension um it's a desire for more.

But an uncertainty of whether to go for it or whether it's actually going to happen right. And. So when you when you're when you're walking that that tightrope that anticipation that wondering actually builds builds on itself right. And if you have good calibration skills.

Then you have the ability to know when it's time to actually make a move or or take it to the. Next level or whatever let's see here um get smart quick says love the snake shirt what was the inspiration. I like snake. I like snakeskin.

I like. I like rattlesnake skin. I like crocodile skin. I like.

I like patterns animal patterns. Dr. David killed my snake nice raw um. Fly.

Girl manifesting. Is there a spiritual psychological connection to sinus issues. I was taught that a lot of times sinus issues relate a lot to the. Third eye.

So it could either be an overactive. Third eye or it can be a blocked. Third eye and. So.

I think when you start uh doing some of uh the. Third eye clearing exercises like in the esteric. Buddhist traditions and stuff like that you'll start to get a lot of um sinus stuff happening um that pizza lesbian 69 says do you know of any alternative to holosport. I think you mean.

Halo sport. I was doing your inner power martial arts course and you mentioned it. But they no. Longer sold would you.

Casino. Light and sound machine achieve it not not really um. Casino. Will put you will create a brainwave entrainment state um.

But it won't necessarily directly stimulate the sensory motor cortexes of the brain that lead to enhanced physical skills could you use a casino. To get you into a plastic. State yes. Um.

I don't know how long that neuroplasticity would. Last um lots of people have tried different things the two things that people kept mentioning was like the sense. Ai and. Then.

Focus. AI. But. I think.

I think some of those are actually like um neuro um what's it called. Neurotherapy or something it's um it's it's pretty it's neural training. But it's it's not the same right. Um.

Glenn says my son and. I signed up for the killer influence training we are. So excited to learn from the master me too when. I find him.

I'll let you know thanks. Lynn. I'm glad you guys are going to be there. I'll be fine.

Pizza lesbian says similar results. I don't. I don't think. So honestly no.

In fact. I know. I know for a fact it won't be the same there are certain uh constitutional attributes like endurance and things like that that the working with the. Halo sport tended to create that the casino.

Won't do. Elijah. Burnett says wait. So doctor if you believe in curses could you briefly elaborate on existence or possibility of curses and such curse is coming.

I know at least 12 different ways to curse somebody before you start adding. NLP into the works um. So to elaborate on it would really take me a while. Elijah.

But yeah there's lots of ways to curse people. I think um you ever. I'll give you a very very. I'll give you one very common way to curse people gaslighting making people think that they're crazy as a form of cursing okay.

Let's see here uh. Vincent brigand stopped smoking especially. Dr. David.

I find it fascinating and really useful. I'm just curious what types of questions do you ask yourself about hypnosis what types of questions do. I ask myself about hypnosis can you elaborate on that. Vincent.

I'm not sure exactly where you're going with that and you're welcome by the way for for teaching. Lindsay. Faith hi. David oh.

I'm. Gene hi back. Lindsay. Sun.

Peach 321 says. Hands. On. Healing trying to help someone else with pain do you have the image of their desired outcome on my list or can.

I just cycle with my own list alone with him no. You got to put you got to put um based on what. I was taught you got to put an image and a an outcome for them onto your list okay. And.

I would do their outcome that you want for them the same way you did the outcomes for your list. So take it out three spaces okay. But be it the loot says how to use recovery breathing when you need to breathe a lot it seems to work when the breath place is slow and moderate. But.

I can't seem to do it uh when. I need to breathe rapidly focus on the exhale. So as you're doing recovery breathing emphasize the excess up and if you can do it in time with your heartbeat that will tend to or every couple of. Beats that will tend to help you control your breathing more there's an exercising system where we actually walk and breathe and we increase the number of steps between breasts we shorten the number of steps between breaths um to to expand our ability to exert control you know you don't want to wait you want to do these things well in advance of when you're going to need them you don't wait until the.

Barn's on fire to start digging the well by the way it is mine is. I. I turned up the lighting like all the way just because um. I wanted to to see if that made a difference or not what else uh.

Len says. I'll be teaching vibrational influence any tension yes. I'll be teaching a basic vibrational influence in end of. July beginning of.

August in. Las. Vegas at the end of the. Hypno.

Thoughts live actually it's vibrational healing. So for those of you who are interested in energy healing and all things in between. I'll be doing a three-day class on that in. Las.

Vegas and. Then. I believe it's. October.

November. I'll be doing a five day beginner to. Advanced. Energy.

Mastery class uh also vibrational influence in. Costa. Rica and. So it's a five-day.

Retreat and we're just gonna go deep deep into all things energetic and vibrational. So. Elijah says also for healing do you think the inclusion of marijuana helps people mentally. I'm not a big fan of psychedelics of any kind or psychotropics of any kind um.

I think. I think marijuana absolutely does help people cope with certain things like these symptoms like pain and things of that nature stress um nausea perhaps. But. I don't think it heals anything.

I think it just helps people deal with the symptoms on the ground says. I got things to share okay. Stephen says one of your shows you explain how to use your techniques on children are not able to by touching them. I have no.

Memory of what you're talking about. Stephen at all says hey. David what do you think of numerology. I think there's something to it um.

I think there's definitely uh the vibrations of number and frequency and color absolutely have some phenomenality to them. But. I. I don't study numerology.

So. I can't really elaborate on how they're all relevant right. I know how. I use them which is very basic um.

Diamond. Thief says yes. Get smart quick says what mystery school from history would your mystery school be integrated. I come from the kabbalistic school.

I come from a cop diagnostic tradition. I come from a. Dallas tradition. Buddhist tradition and the.

Barton hermetic tradition not to mention what. I've gotten from my martial arts trainings as well. So yeah and if you if you technically if you look. At the roots of.

Systema that comes from the hesitastic tradition uh and. So. I've got four or five different. But we integrate it all and that's what makes it user-friendly we distill it down to core.

Basics principles and mechanics and. Then you fill in whatever gaps you need to based on whatever belief system or. I should say personal theology that you want to apply to it or none for that matter it doesn't need to be a theology basis to it at all if once you understand the mechanics uh let's see here. Patrick group says hey.

Marcus. Alexander. FYI. YouTube notification is very dodgy you've been subbed forever in the all.

Bell is engaged. But usually nothing. I just happened with me uh sometimes. I don't post heads up.

I just show up because. I just feel the need to connect and. I want to just talk to you um sometimes. I you know a lot of times.

I do give you a couple of days heads up um. But it's not it's not consistent that's on me uh get smart quick numerology is lit just pick the right. Style okay. Uh.

Marcus. Alexander random. Kirk had it in. Star.

Trek. TOs. TLS uh. I.

I'm missing the. TOs reference uh. Eric rounds the question is have you heard about oral. Detachment and what might cause it and heal it okay.

There are ways. I shouldn't say this there are ways to evict on a temporary basis a person's energy body or spiritual body out of their out of their body um. I think what you're talking about on a functional level is energetic dissociation and. So it's usually trauma-based and.

So heal the trauma and the energy body should or the oral body should move back into position. But. I'm betting it's almost a better amount without a doubt. I'm betting it's uh it's a trauma that caused it and you're going to need to do some form of soil retrieval.

I.E regression to really fix that up uh. HMR would probably do it too. Cody. Robinson.

I mean. I give up too quickly lack motivation and do things. I know our waste of time. I get job offers and don't take them okay.

It sounds like a deserving this issue to me right. So. I would start to explore um why you feel or what's behind not taking the action. So.

I would go back and. I would study our material on the somatic search engine the six dynamics of an unconscious response. I would start using the those things in combination with the transformational. Triad and really start unpacking what's behind these behaviors because the behavior isn't the problem there's a reason the behavior is there right.

And that's what you need to unpack and attack okay. You may need to get somebody to help you through it um. I know a lot of us like to do stuff ourselves on ourselves. But sometimes it's just better to have somebody else driving the bus um and mount chalice says where should.

I learn numerology gg33 is selling this stuff for 10 to 15K and. I can't really find good stuff. I don't know animal. I'm not a good.

I'm not good with. I'm not. I'm not a numerology person um for some reason the name that that comes to mind is um. Robert if you go to vesicainstitute.com.

I don't know that he can actually help you. But for some reason his name keeps coming up uh go to vesica. Institute .com um and ask him because. I think he might have a better answer to your question let's see.

Marcus. Alexander wait a minute share it with no. Vest this man is an imposter. I'm getting a little fluffy from.

Christmas. So. Nothing fits me exactly right. So.

I'm kind of kind of a little hesitant on the going back to the vest right. Now because. I kind of. I bulge in all the wrong places um.

Patrick group said hey. David. I'm curious what are your thoughts on healing with plant medicines such as. Ayahuasca.

First of all. I don't think. Ayahuasca heals you um it's psychedelic for sure it's a psychotropic and it puts you through some intense uh situations that allow you to unpack stuff that you haven't been able to access if you're guided right. And that's what heals you um.

But. I'm big on any form of herbal medicines for healing big time. I'm a huge. I'm trained in herbalism my wife has forgotten more about herbal medicine that most of us will ever learn uh my kids use it all the time like my in-laws use it all the time.

I use it. So um. So. But.

I make a very strong distinction between psychotropics like. Ayahuasca or um peyote or. Mezcal or whatever and this ibogaine or did. I go game there's another one that's that's really a strong hallucinogenic uh.

Logan tossen thanks for all you do for the world you rock number one hypnotist thank you. Eric laxo what approaches have you found being most effective for profound changes in someone's identity a purely identity by design an. NLP approach with changing release oh no. Um the.

First of all understand identity by. Design is a combination of hypnosis and. NLP plus a whole lot more um there there's not a lot in. NLP directly that will allow you to help change a person's identity other than some modalities um and understanding the hierarchy of beliefs um most of the the really profound identity work is going to be some form of hypnotic intervention combined with targeting the building blocks of personality uh.

So more of a conversational hypnosis approach um. But again depending on your skill sets you know one thing you know at some at some point the lines all blur whether you're doing. NLP classical. NLP covert hypnosis energetics it all changed it's all after a certain while it all becomes the same thing.

So um. But. I would. I would do the identity by.

Design approach and. Then. I would do deep regression work and. Then uh more.

Avatar work from like the. Last the. Last phase of identity by. Design we're doing a magic circle stuff like that and.

Then of course. I gave you a very comprehensive way to do deep trance identification and things of that nature uh let's see here. Dr. David.

I've tried. DMT it sends you to a place where it's just totally unbelievable what's your views on that um. I think again the body produces. I believe if.

I'm mistaken the body produces. DMT naturally in very exalted and ecstatic. States. So.

I think what you're dealing with is a feedback loop the state or entering that state can trigger the release of the of the of the chemicals. But also exogenous amounts of that chemical can trigger the state. I think the question really becomes is when you're in that state what can you do with it right. Are you are you going to this exalted blissed out state just to escape or is there some kind of work that you're trying to accomplish right.

In an advanced mystical practices a lot of the work a lot of the really powerful magical stuff doesn't actually happen until you can naturally achieve that. Soul embodied state and. Then the work. Then you have access to all these powers and abilities and.

Then you go to work helping your younger brothers and sisters make the world a better place right. Um when you force when you force entry into that state artificially. I don't know where that takes you or what what access to what abilities that it gives you. So the big question is you can you there's probably artificial ways to get into any state you can conceive of the question becomes what can you do at that.

State right. There was a question asked earlier about the casino. You know. I.

I spent a lot of time with light and sound machines and maybe they can put you in that state. But. Then what do you do once you're there right. Because the minute you take the damn machine off you start coming out of the state you know you might have 5 10 15 minutes of of residual state.

But you know how are you integrating a practice or a technique with the state that's why. I'm a big fan of teaching you the technique that forces the body to create the state to make the technique work because. I've given you a methodology to apply and just doing the technique will create the state automatically right. Whereas all you know without a technique just going into a state gives you this big.

Engine with nothing to power. I'd much rather give you again to use a a metaphor a. Lamborghini with like um a. Volkswagen engine.

So that you can learn how to work the vehicle and do these things um and get where you need to go and. Then as you get better and better you get a bigger engine right. That's kind of how. I look.

At how we should help how. I teach metaphysics and magical practices and techniques and things like that as opposed to giving you this big. Lamborghini. Engine with no.

Car wrapped around it because that's largely what happens when you are doing a lot of these these psychedelic. States or energy building for that matter. But there's no. Application connected to it.

I've been doing the microcosmic orbit for 30 years great what can you do with it well. I can circulate cheese from a microcosmic all right. And right. We're a pragmatic.

School you didn't come here to leave you're going back to your. Source. Anyway you came here to express your power to express your creativity to express your light to learn lessons to evolve right. So you have to have skills you have to have access to abilities you have to be able to do things you have to be effective in this world because that's why you came here right.

So that's why. I teach the way. I teach and why as you get deeper into like vibrational influence and and real world trauma resolution and the. Magical and the.

Inner. Circle stuff that we do now you've got all these techniques that are because just like lifting weights you're built your your your your influence muscles your your body's got stronger. But now when you get behind closed doors you know how to safely manage all these things now. I can show you how to build the power now.

I can show you how to tap into higher forces and it doesn't change your lower techniques in terms of of the steps. But it makes them infinitely more powerful think of that. Lamborghini with the. VW engine that just got an engine transplant and now you've got a 12 a 16 cylinder nuclear-powered time you know monster under the hood it's the same idea a lot of people think having more power having more energy is is the way to go not necessarily because again energy is going to amplify whatever's there and whether you're in regardless of what true mystical tradition you're following the.

First stage in every single tradition is going to be the same clean up your [ __ ]. Purge your [ __ ] get the toxic energy out regulate the body get rid of your acquired personalities all of your traumas all of your stories bring your light through and now take it to the. Next level right. Because if you start bringing more and more energy in and you haven't cleaned up your [ __ ] it's gonna [ __ ] you're gonna [ __ ] explode and what.

I mean. I don't even literally explode. I guess for some people that's a possibility what. I mean is you're gonna have a meltdown you're gonna have traumas you're gonna have reactions your body's gonna go all kinds of very violent purging exercises uh because it wants to evolve and you're not gonna without the proper guidance or understanding you're not going to understand what's going on you're going to wrap negative narratives around it and you're gonna you're gonna go crazy either literally or metaphorically right.

Um. So there's there was a methodology to a lot of these systems um unfortunately a lot of the older ones especially were designed to keep you in servitude for the. First 20 or 30 years of your life just to prove you were worthy to have the. Next level well most of us don't have 20 or 30 years to have the life we want.

So we need something that we can start to apply right. Away. Hence my approach to teaching is to give you something that is immediately useful and show you there's more and that you decide how far down that rabbit hole you want to go. So.

I wanna. I'm gonna get off my soapbox now. But uh hopefully that that answers some people's questions um if anybody wants to know about our upcoming events you go to www.davidsnyder nlp.com forward slash events we have a killer employees training coming up we have a traction. Mastery coming up in.

February identity by. Design is in. March here in. San.

Diego and. Then in. April we'll be doing uh introduction to. Five.

Element face reading classical. Chinese face reading uh and the energetics of it we're launching our official classical face reading. Silo. I'm really excited about that in honor of my teacher uh the great.

Lillian. Bridges um. So. I invite you all to come down and learn some really cool stuff and expand on what you've already got um let's see.

Elijah says um are you uploading this stream. So we can go back and watch it. Later. I found a lot of useless face from the stream it'll be cool yes.

I let every time. I do a live stream with very few exceptions um. I leave it up there for you right. You're smart enough to ask the question you probably deserve to have an answer um.

Elijah says also thank you. So much for the insight and the advice. Len saying what is the difference between stealth. CPI and killer influence language and.

So. I get this question a lot um and it's and again for beginners it doesn't really matter. But for people who've been around the persuasion and influence. World a while it kind of has a little bit more relevance.

So let me let me kind of elaborate anything that has. CPI in the title. CPI one cpi2 cpi3 cpi4 stealth. CPI all start and focus on language in other words the universal persuasion protocol know your outcome control your state get.

Rapport use your feet use your language manage their state jump into their process manage their. Criterion values every system that of influence that we teach is going to teach you that. Court including killer influence. But.

Then what happens is you you go deep dive into the core language model that allow an influence model that allows you to be effective anytime anywhere under any circumstance for any reason and you train it and you embody it and. Then from there you're kind of at a fork in the road you have a choice you can continue to focus on linguistics or you can merge into the realm of non-verbal hypnotic operators and that's where killer influence takes you. So there's a you know both killer influence and stealth. CPI and also.

CPI one started in the same place the foundation. But. Then. CPI takes you off in different studies on various aspects of linguistics killer influence takes you off into the study of hypnotic operators that do not necessarily require.

Linguistics. But are tangent to it like. So how to manage proxemics how to manage the spatial relationships between you and another person for maximum suggestibility how to engineer an environment. So that it's amplifying people's openness and.

Readiness to accept what you say and do meta programs how to organize the data that you present. So that it's most palatable to the people that you're you're talking to embodied cognition uh how to by how to use one level of sensation to create different levels in a mind. So for example if. I give you a warm drink to hold right.

You will tend to judge me with more emotional warmth than if. I give you a cold drink to hold. So these are things that are not based on language. But have a profound effect on a person's psyche and.

Perceptions in the environment we'll talk about the four pillars of of irresistible hypnotic influence attraction. Authority affinity and acquiescence these are four macro areas of study that have a lot of. Behavioral aspects to them that don't require. Linguistics.

But create very powerful um states of suggestibility and compliance in the people you interact with um. Then there's cold reading which is all about being able to speed read people profiling face reading is taught in their lie detection uh attraction enhancers things of that nature and. Then there's one section called dirty rotten tricks which are. Advanced tactics that you can use that are kind of gray hat area that um you may need to whip out sometimes when you're dealing with people who are somewhat unscrupulous in their ways of influence.

So uh the. CPI. Silo all about language. So.

CPI one is the core persuasion model. CPI 2 is all about neurologically based storytelling and metaphor how to tell powerful stories that just literally program people to believe what you say do what you want in the background without even realizing without them even realizing um that something's being done right. Uh. Renegade reframing cpi3 is all about instant conversational belief change overcoming objections and winning any argument in seconds powerful powerful stuff.

But again all language based and. Then. Finally the. Capstone on the.

CPI system is cpi4 charisma conversions all about hypnotic presentation skills. So up until. CPI 3 you've learned how to do these processes largely um in uh in a one-on-one context or small group context. But what if you have to speak to a group of people how do you engineer talks and seminars that have people salivating to run to the back of the room to take the.

Next step with you cpi4 is all about how to do this stuff to masses of people in an ethical honest way that make people just scream to be your clear client rush to the back of the room to install rapid deeper learnings in people's minds and how to protect yourself from high level pitch men who are using these tactics and techniques on you right. So there's a whole. Spectrum in the. CPI system.

But it's all based around the language and different forms of linguistic communication whereas killer influence gives you a much. Fuller broader palette of techniques that you can pull from depending on the environment and the situation that you're in that don't necessarily require language to be effective okay. So hopefully that answers your question um social media money says. I want to ask do churches use hypnosis yes.

They just don't call it hypnosis okay. Um the short answer is yes. They use hypnosis they would never admit to using hypnosis they wouldn't call what they do hypnosis they would vilify the use of hypnosis. But they're basically doing a spiritual form of hypnosis um.

Ghostwriter thanks. Doc. Mr. David.

I just subbed to the uh vesica. Institute how you discover this guys he's a oh. I. I discovered him just the same way you guys do random internet searches nothing everything happens for a reason.

I have a lot of respect for this guy uh for. Robert. I can't remember for the life of me. I can't remember his.

Last name it's really bothering me um. But uh. I've had a couple of his courses and he goes really deep. So for those of you who signing up for the vesic assist the courses they're they're really intense.

So just strap in okay. Um. Courtney. Robinson says thank you for your time.

Dr. David. Snyder you're very welcome. Cody the lock.

Alex. P says oh it's a lot of. Asia um was there a question about 48. Laws.

I didn't see it. I'm not seeing it six zero one five what is your view on reincarnation past life regression believe it 100 percent. Pedro. Koto how.

Law of. Attraction and work for making money lots of different ways. Pedro um the two things you need for that you need an identity that says you're allowed to make money and you need to take the actions necessary to become the person who can actually make that money. Natalia.

M says which of your courses is the best for. Spiritual. Development and which is best for figuring out your purpose okay. Natalia here's what.

I would recommend for you. First and foremost because you asked me a lot of questions yesterday about. Authority confrontation things like that start with killer influence from there you have a choice you can go into identity by. Design or you can go into uh vibrational influence vibrational influence training will develop you along spiritual trajectories.

But a lot of the processes you'll be doing in vibrational influence require a combination of the material we teach in killer influence combined with um the seven stage identity by. Design. Silo training techniques and identity by. Design.

So the short path would be killer influence vibrational influence the more well-rounded fully foundational class would be of course would be killer influence identity by. Design vibrational influence okay. That would be for you. I think that would be optimal um.

Alex is asking what are your thoughts on. Robert. Green's book. I love it.

I've had it for almost 10 15 years actually. I've had it for over 20 years excellent excellent book. Everybody should have it. Brian.

Seacrest has 36 bullets is there a question there. Brian d h. I'm a little bit tipsy from the. Christmas.

But after the. Christmas. But while. I have you lie.

I just wanted to give you a direct thank you oh you're welcome. DH thank you blast radio says hey. David. I'm a beginner at self-hypnosis what can.

I do to ease my depression and shyness change your posture change your breathing imagine everyone you meet is a best friend you haven't seen in years and go up and say hi fastest way to do it. Elijah. Barnett laughing my ass off nice. Alex straight up stole my question.

But the chat's on lag. I don't believe he has made it to the question yet okay. Alex says. I didn't steal it.

I'm helping you get it answered all right. Apparently you guys are brothers from another mother superiority complex says um see. I've seen from vids about hypnosis being used to commit crimes from tracing out trancing out the cashier the register to make money. Manchurian candidates essay of unsuspecting women sensationalism or real no.

There's there's some truth to that there's some truth to it. I don't. I think it's some of it's blown away out of proportion. But.

I think there's. I think there's some truth to it uh blast radius. I'm. So tired of this feeling of hopelessness how can.

I begin to change my default inner feeling change your posture change your breathing focus on the things you want and why you deserve to have them right. The information should probably do really well for you as with the transformational. Triad color breathing. Magic.

Frame and energy spinning. Ghost. Rider power pose uh senior florist are their real life. Immortal.

Masters as per. Taoist. Traditions or. Saint.

Germain and. Hindu accordance if. So have you met any and where do they reside. I have never met any um.

I am largely agnostic about it. I think the possibility is there for sure um. I've talked to people who claim to have met. Immortals.

I have never done. So. So that's all. I can tell you about that ilka divorces at blast radius.

David is amazing. But for things like depression you might want to check out. Eckhart. Tolle's books on videos okay.

I don't know. I don't. I don't follow. Eckhart at all.

So. Arun. Preeti says hey love from. India.

Love from. San. Diego uh. Vincent brigand says it's like a master class every time he answers a question thanks a bunch.

David you're welcome. Vincent loose truth. TV says there's 86 of us here give a big thumbs up and show some love foreign thank you guys. So much um let's see here he's just cast this why do.

I feel like. I can't retain much on what. I read you know fun fact toy one of the more famous. Cuckoos out there and.

I say famous because he was you know one of the problems is genius often masquerades as insanity and vice versa um a guy with the name of. L. Ron. Hubbard many many years ago discovered something very interesting about reading comprehension is that you're reading comprehension tends to be pretty good right.

Up until you come across a word you don't know the definition to and. Then you go into a confusion mode that's why a lot of times you can be reading a page you get to the bottom of the page can't remember what you read it's because somewhere along that trajectory of reading you encounter one or more words that you did not fully understand you went into a confusion mode it changed your state and you lost access to that information. So he recommended always keeping a dictionary a current dictionary um. Next to your wherever you're reading that can help a lot another thing that can happen a lot of times is you're reading too much in a sitting a lot of times you have to change your chunk size.

So like a lot of us um like especially if we spend a lot of time on the internet. I'll be reading a page. I'll get like three quarters of the way down the page and. I want to get up and move.

I want to get up and and not have to get up come back oh. Robert. Gilbert thank you. Vincent um and.

I'll. I'll. I mean. I'm trying that way to because it's the same it's the same uh mechanism like when you want to you know click away from a page.

So a lot of times if if we're really really indoctrinated into this short span of attention it may be more useful to like read a section come back read another section come back read another section and just do smaller and smaller chunks and play with um the chunk size how much you read at a time and see if that enhances your cognition at all um social media matches. I want to ask you have you seen the hypnotist online that goes by the name. Marcel. Amy.

Marcel. Klein uh is he legit um as far as hypnosis goes he's he knows he is a hypnotist for sure. So um. I know we studied a lot of my stuff um.

I met him at. Chase uses wedding for in person um. Everybody. I've talked to seems to think he's pretty he's pretty on the level.

So um for now obviously yeah he's legit uh in terms of his skill sets you know his backstory stuff. I can't confirm or deny that one way or another. So that's up to you um. But yeah as far as.

I know he's legit um. Simon. La. Traverse says hi.

David you make badass content in hypnosis you recommend to slice it as soon as possible to bring someone from. A to. B even if they're opposed could you expand on tips and strategies okay. So.

First of all. I think what you're saying is okay. If somebody wants uh this is a metaphor. I learned from uh from.

Kendrick. Cleveland if you've got somebody that's heading south right. And you want them to go north in terms of skill set it takes a huge amount of skill to make them do a 180 degree turn. But if you apply subtle shifts where they're going south and now they're shifting a degree and they're going south and they're shifting a degree and they're going south and they're shifting a degree and.

Shifting the degree eventually if you just make enough small adjustments they'll be going north without ever realizing they're going north and it'll seem like their idea. So the question becomes how do you do that you have to take where you're at where you want them to be where they're at and break it down into this micro set of steps as possible. So that they're not as perceivable or as objectionable as they might be okay. Then you have to soften it and you have to link what you want them to do with something that they want to do and.

Then people will tend to do that to follow that process of their own volition. So. I hope that helps see here uh. Sarah.

D. I've had a hard time with eye contact. I just turned 41 and. I'm done feeling like a kid who is afraid of making eye contact with all the adults okay.

Here's a simple thing to do learn positive eye contact. So as you walk down the street look. Someone in the eye generally smile and move on don't even don't even and you know just smile and move on and just practice doing making brief eye contact all the time right. When you are in a long out drawn out conversation don't stare into their eyes.

Just gaze at the area around their eyes. And that will give you a more comfortable softer um illusion of eye contact right. So these are some things you can do now if there's an issue with making eye contact that's that sounds like a um a job for regression. So that's something that we're proud to that's something we're probably going to have to unpack and attack.

So. I would start with the. Trans uh you learn the uh six step six dynamics of an unconscious response the somatic search engine uh and the transformational. Triad and start unpacking the reasons behind the fear of eye contact a lot of us um have a natural aversion to making eye contact.

But the ability to to hold and maintain eye contact is a really really important social survival skill. So um. I would definitely it's definitely a worthwhile practice and study. Sarah okay.

Uh. Prem. Saran says what are the three most powerful animal techniques which are your big guns and what is one you use most in your daily life and don't say all the techniques okay. I won't say all the techniques.

Echo technique it's the simple biggest most powerful one we got everything everything works off the echo technique. David. Orman. Central.

Florida system what are the best techniques from memory enhancement whether it be language vocabulary or. Cotter movements thank you enhanced neuroplasticity uh is going to be your your go-to. So the best thing you can do is is really intense visual imagery and that includes. Language by the way anytime you can take a vocabulary word and turn it into a picture with a dynamic activity involved you're going to get a deeper retention of the word deem excuses how can we build our qi energy and use it for good um kind of vibrational influence and.

I'll teach you um. But there's lots of good. Qigong instructors out there um the guy. I go to is.

Dr. Jerry. Allen. Johnson.

But he's. I'm a real deep end of the pool some some of the more accessible. Qigong systems out there would be wild goose. Qigong it's very very good uh eight pieces of.

Brocade another good system um standing on stake a lot of well that's actually a pose that's not a. Qigong system those are probably the two the two best studied and and most powerful ones. I've seen in terms of of healing your body and and kind of preparing it for the. Next level stuff um if you're familiar with.

Dr. Jerry. Allen. Johnson's work on the.

Taoist five um really good six healing sounds is another good one you know the problem you gotta remember when you're when you're dealing with qigongs qigongs are like prescriptions there's a different. Qigong for any com any application you can name. So you know you've got to figure out what is it you really want to be able to do. So that um.

So that you can uh you know find the system that works best um young. Spring. Forest. Qigong is also very good.

I'm told. I'm often described as intense. I'm. An.

All or. Nothing type of guy energetically does this mean. I'm wired different when am. I coming to.

Toronto. So. First of all. I don't think it means you're all um.

I think it's okay. To be intense that just means you're passionate right. The pro the question the problem can become is how are people perceiving that intensity right. And if that intensity that you exhibit is impeding your social interactions with people.

Then you've got to find a way to modify your behavior and your expression. So that it's not as off-putting to the people you're seeking to influence nothing wrong with being intense at all my wife is one of the most intense people that. I've ever met and. So am.

I right. But. I had to learn early in my life to modulate that expressiveness and be more lighthearted easy going playful what have you because people get intimidated and. Afraid when they're faced with that that much energy being expressed.

So again it goes back to the. NLP concept of behavioral flexibility right. And. State.

Control uh let's see here there's nothing okay. That's not a question um is the transformational. Triad best done while in trans well you can't do them without going into trance automatically. But.

I think the question is should you do this as part of a formal hypnosis process rather than just point to where you feel a ticket. I'll spin it put it again um. I tend to see a lot of power either way. But we get a more holistic transformation when it's done as part of an ongoing hypnotic intervention.

But in terms of a surgical strike where you just got to get this [ __ ] fixed right. Then right. There boom um all these things involve trans processes. But it does and it does not have to be part of a formal hypnotic process.

But it works really well as part of the formal hypnotic process. So if you know for. Magic. Bullets or whatever hypnosis inductions you use it's very they're very powerful within that context.

I love how you said hey you remind me of. Susie from. Amazing. World of.

Gumball okay. Very interesting the power of zenu compels you okay. Um you see here. Vincent bring says have a great night everyone cool yeah we're coming into the home stretch.

I'm probably gonna go another 10 or 15 minutes and. Then we're gonna we're gonna jump off uh cause. I gotta get ready for my doubling. Excursion and.

I've also got a coaching class to teach uh on. Monday night. So uh for those of you who actually want more. Hands-On instruction want a full.

Deep dive we actually have a year-long coaching program it's called the unlimited influence. Mastery coaching program if you're interested in that oh it meets um every. Tuesday night from 5 to 7. P.M.

Pacific and we go through the entire killer influence curriculum the entire uh. Renegade reframing the entire uh storytelling and metaphor training and. Then we. Verge into some of the applied behavioral stuff um and kinesics and interview and interrogation lie detection and.

Then we also go into advanced energetics. So for those of you who are looking to transit to get the full training from nuts and bolts to the transpersonal remote influence stuff that may be something you want to look. Into it's going to save you time it's going to save you energy and it's going to bring a whole bunch of power and skill uh to your life and it's going to be a really really tremendous. Advantage.

So if you're interested in learning more about that you can talk to. Stephanie at 858-282-4663 or give her a call an email at. Stephanie at mlppower.com and she's happy to answer any questions that you have um. So that that pizza lesbian 69 says.

I did a. DTI of a model and. I've ever and ever since. I have no.

Desire to work out is it better for me to age regress to before the. DTI or should. I just. DTI in my past self um both can work um.

But if. DTI got you there to begin with. DTI. I'll get you back um either one will work for sure okay.

And they're not mutually exclusive do both right. Actually. I would take. I would regress to the the you.

I would take the parts from the new model that you like keep those and build them into the new. Avatar of yourself that you're creating and see how that plays out for you okay. Uh. Jeannie.

Stoltz says thank you for all you do. Gina you're most you're more than welcome. I'm glad you find. Value in what we're doing social media money says why do.

I feel like. I can't connect with people. I fake laugh and put effort in interactions in order to fit in my natural state is completely non-reactive slash boring chances are you're dissociated from it there's probably something in your past that you need to unlock uh. So.

I recommend the transformational. Triad six dynamics of an unconscious response uh somatic search engine processes and. Then find somebody who's qualified to do regression and see if there's a reason why your neurology is trying to protect you from engaging in people. Jesus castaneta says thanks.

David uh. Ghostwriter says at social media money do identity by. Design. Simon.

La. Traverse says thank you. So much man it's awesome to have your feedback live uh. Cynthia.

Holly says. I have five different types of dictionary uh get words and. I'm not familiar with okay. Cody.

Robinson says. I was wondering about something. I learned about her. Medics it seems that highs and lows are inevitable yes.

Unless you understand higher loss. So how would. I take the edge off a bad mood understand that moods are a natural byproduct of living in trauma. School.

Earth your. Immortal. Soul. Your.

Eternal. Soul understands these things. But is not felt is not impacted by them right. And.

So the idea is when you when you become embodied with your soul you understand the. Ebbs and flows of this. Dimension. But it's like the moon it's not a you you're above everything you pursue you perceive and understand everything.

But you are meta to it and. So these you're not you're not you're not caught in that that web of cause and effect quite. So much great things can happen and you'll feel okay. Bad things can happen and you'll feel okay.

And it's it's more of a steady state and it doesn't mean you won't feel things it's just you'll understand you'll have a much different perspective on these vibrational highs and lows and as you get deeper and deeper into rapport with. First year. Immortal soul and. Then.

Divine. Source um the the things that happen either strongly positive or strongly negative won't have as big a variability to them there'll be a very steady state because you understand the impermanence of things and. So you'll start relieving attachment which is what the problem is is you're attached to all these things you try to hold on to the super good stuff and you try to uh you try to deny the bad stuff that's actually why we we as a form of attachment denial is a form of attachment. So the more you can release these things um the more rapidly you become free on a hermetics level um.

So how would. I take the edge off a bad mood ask yourself which part of you is actually feeling bad and realize that part isn't you right. Change your posture change your breathing right. Do regret do a um a gratitude inventory all these things will help you change your mood right.

Let's see here. So. Alex is asking does turning 30 mean anything anything significant or is it just enough it's just a number of guys it's just a number and it and it takes on whatever significance you give it okay. When am.

I coming to. Toronto. I'm not sure. I'd like to come in the summer or the springtime uh when it's warm uh.

I'm gonna see about. I'm going to talk to. Mike eventually. I'll see.

Mike this year. Hypno. Thoughts and we'll look. At maybe doing something in 2024 in.

Toronto trust the process how could deep trans identification work if you may have a hard time visualizing the person because the way you the way. I teach you to do it in identity by. Design is to accumulate as great a big a sample of of that person as humanly possible talk personal interactions with them videos of them things they've written preferably by hand uh interviews they've given um all of this and you just immerse yourself in it you immerse yourself in it and. Then that helps you to create the.

Avatar that you're seeking to do. Brian see. Chris says how do. I deal with with the boss um in what context.

Brian what do you what do you need the boss to do that they're not doing healing sounds vibrations and fruits has had to walk the dog. But stoked to make it glad you're back let us see it now says. I am intense to intense people. I'm basically a mirror okay.

Mad man what should. I do if. I'm going through a heck of a lot of physical pain more. So in my neck area hey are you sleeping under a vent or an open window.

B is your pillow decent or not are you having or do you have too many pillows what does your posture look. Like um once you've checked into that um six dynamics of an unconscious response somatic search engine spinning color breathing. Magic. Frame um and you should probably build a really big dent in that neck pain.

So what does. NLP boil down to essentially and why is. NLP not known widely well. NLP boils down to a core set of neurological.

Dynamics that when they're applied properly allows you to have a tremendous ability to reprogram what your nervous system is doing by default and it is well it's it's known it's it's pretty well known it's not well understood and of the people who have learned it those people don't really understand it that well either and a lot of it isn't their fault a lot of it is the the the training structure that has been used to teach. NLP classical. NLP for at least the. Last 20 or 30 years um is not not optimized to granting understanding it's optimized to get people in and get them out of the door with a certificate um and.

So. I don't. I don't have. I.

I'm often critical of not. NLP directly. But the way. NLP is taught in the way it's organized um and a lot of times the way it's marketed because by and by and large the vast majority of people who go to an.

NLP training learn they come out thinking like they've learned some really amazing things. Then they get about 20 feet out the door goes how do. I do this how do. I use it because when it it doesn't work the way it's taught most of the time in the real world um for real world applications other than therapy um every now and.

Then you get somebody you know the exception to the rule who can just do who's unnatural and they just they just run with it. But by and large the vast majority of people uh who who learn it can't really use it all that well okay. And. So we revamped everything about how we teach this material to.

So that any human being with an average intelligence can do it and and do it well right. We focused on the things that were absolutely important that you needed to know that gave you the biggest return on your investment we gave you a process to we gave you a system to a simple methodology to follow that allowed you to unpack things and do it in a very easy way and. Then we filled in all the gaps. Later on as you get deeper and deeper into the subject material we pull back the curtain a little bit more because now you're ready for it there are certain things that you're taught in prac and master prac you don't need to know for the most part like.

I just did a. I gotta. I've asked. I just did an eight day.

NLP certification. I taught one therapy technique the entire time that was it and the people came out mind blown because of what they could do because. I took. The distractors out which is a lot of the old classical.

NLP techniques right. They're actually distract you from what you actually need to know. So. But.

I also made them have prerequisites like when you get to my. NLP training you can't get into my. NLP class until you've had at least killer influencer identity by. Design you got to be a great hypnotist before.

I'll let you into my. NLP class because once. I teach you how to do the the teaching the way. I'm teaching you you can log in anybody's training and rock them and that's a that's a big that's a big claim.

But. I stand by it you know. So um. I'm more competitive that way.

But hopefully that answers your question um. Cody. Robson and bounced back to the. Other.

Extreme don't know what that means. Cody. But okay. Uh at.

Mad. Men. He has videos on rapid pain removal okay. Russian breathing techniques very good box breathing for sure um.

Jesus castner says do you recommend a clean bill of health before we start doing any inner work depends on the inner work. Jesus most of your inner work is about fixing your [ __ ]. So. I think on a broad level you can approach it even if you're not in the best of shape what will happen is if you're training properly and you're doing the right.

Practices you'll get healthier as a byproduct of the inner work it's not like you know you got to do all this stuff. Then you can start you're going to be evolving through the entire process. But there'll be times when it's time to stop doing this to start doing this because there's progressions to it right. Will identity by.

Design be a good approach for weight loss yes. Um. Sarah. Jesus thank you for answering.

I could listen to you all day well thank you for that unfortunately. I got about another eight minutes and. I gotta jump off. So uh let me see what.

I got here. Julia. Bishop. Beauty says.

I had a. Tai. Chi instructor it used to be quasi-famous cool healing sounds is the window for. Global gurus to vote for you for number one.

NLP over. I don't think. So we just haven't been promoting it. But for those let me let me grab the link for you guys really quick while.

I have you on here uh. Second. I gotta find uh. I gotta make my window bigger for a.

Second uh boat here. I'm gonna post a link you might have to log in or give them your name any email. But for those of you who are enjoying the the content um. I could use your support for number one.

NLP trainer of the year if you just go here um and uh name me as your number one dude. I'd have. I appreciate that having a bad hair day obviously uh let's see here um [ __ ] says thanks. Dr.

David all the best you're welcome [ __ ] um. Eric at laxo is asking was someone during our aggression regressed to the womb are you of the opinion that this is accurate or something no. I think it's absolutely accurate and even if it wasn't if it was just a metaphor you'd still treat it the same as if it was real okay. Ghost.

Rider at senior. Force yes. Movies do it all the time part of the psyche like. Carl.

Jung and used to say yep uh social money random question do motivational speakers such as. Tony oh. God yes. Yeah in fact if you heard me talking about.

Charisma and conversion earlier how these high level speakers get you rushing to the back of the room that's the exact material he uses. But he won't teach it he'll do it. But he won't teach his trainers to do it because. Then they'd be competition and.

I stand by that statement. I know a lot of high-level speakers out there who have whole systems where they have a trainer's training and you talk to their trainers from that system and they don't know what. I'm talking about. I had one of my guys go to a very famous uh speaker who was in.

The. Secret and uh he was talking he was they he ran into some of the trainers the the assistant trainers at the airport and they recognized him because he has a very distinctive look. And they asked him how he uh what he thought of the seminar he says great. I'm.

I realized all the techniques he was using from my other training and he starts talking about you know embedded commands and analog markings and behavioral primes and confusion inductions all these things when the two trainers looked at him like what are you talking about he he never taught us that he never showed us that and believe me when. I say that that is the norm because if you knew how to do all those things you would be their competition they don't want that okay. Sorry you know given to humans uh see well. Julia.

Bishop. Beauty says testing testing testing don't know what's up with that uh okay. Julie. Bishop's.

Beauty says he said that during an incident where he was. Ill in the hospital during the common like state was totally. Mandy was headed for a non-biological existence there was nothing biological left well. I think that's going to happen someday.

But not today not tomorrow not in our lifetime um there's at some point the sun's going to go supernova and neither we're still residents of this solar system or we're not and we're gonna be a big ice ball. But you're more you're an immortal. Soul. So don't worry you're going to wind up someplace else um.

John. McElwain the best you free class online yes. It is uh if you go to http. Colman backslash www.davidsnider mlp.com forward slash free ticket s u.

Expo now here's the deal when you go to this page there is some kind if you want if you're doing this on mobile okay. There is some kind of glitch uh to find the free ticket prompt from mobile. So if you're having trouble and you're trying to access the free tickets for mobile um you can do one of two things a email. Stephanie at.

NLP power and she'll get you a link or you can find get out and use that link on your. PC and you should be able to navigate the free ticket um the free ticket drop down okay. Nathan e says. I know the others.

But what is color baby color breathing is where you you point to a feeling in your body um that you want to get rid of you assign a color to it and. Then you ask your higher mind what feeling frequency or vibration um slash color would dissolve the the problem color and you breathe that color through the affected area that's level one of holographic memory uh training and it's not uh there's like seven levels to it. But that's we call that the color game or color graded and that's where it starts. So is my picture too bright.

What's the lighting look. Like for my picture uh. NLP who is kilstein and why is he controversial in the. NLP world.

I don't know that. Harlan is controversial in the. NLP um and no. He's not a.

Seducer guy at all um. Harlan kilstein is one of the. Old. Guard neuro-linguistic programmers um he's pioneered a lot of uses for.

NLP for marketing purposes copywriting things of that nature and that may make him a little bit more controversial because he actually uses it in a way that's not necessarily therapeutic although he's trained in that stuff. So that's the only thing. I can think of. D.

MC says you are the number one. NLP teacher thank you. God bless you um do my kids use. NLP yes.

Nlpus can use very very effectively in psychoanalytic contacts really depend on the on the skill and the desires of the doctor. Andrew says no. Man you look. Good any tips for quicker learning from books.

I. I outline. I highlight. I do all and.

I try to when. I learn something. I try to put it into action as quickly as possible that tends to really drive the material deep into my neocortex and into my into my long-term memory do you have an updated digital version covering your new material on attraction no. Um well yeah we have we have videos yeah we have.

Last year's videos uh and the manual that goes with that and the suggested reading list. So yeah we do um we'll have another one this year uh because we're gonna we're doing the course again in. Feb in. February in.

Las. Vegas uh. Rod. Rd 638 says.

I'm very infatuated with a girl and. I can't help. But become cold distant and quiet what do. I do practice being more playful and easy going that's probably the best thing.

I can say uh okay. Well. I got time for three more questions and. I gotta go.

So who is. The. Mastermind behind all these teachings seems. So secretive.

I don't know what teachings you're referring to uh is there a place to learn about the use of subliminals in written form. Incorporated incorporating book. Writing when you talk about subliminals you talk about subliminal messaging um actually cpi2 is pro. CPI one and two are probably your best sources for that um also.

I have a mini course on. Davidson. NLP called. NLP for profit which is.

NLP and copywriting secrets uh. Harlan kilstein's work especially. NLP copywriting level one has some good stuff in it too go stretches damn your daughter yes. They are.

I'm in deep doo-doo do. I use ultra depth or. Ultra height no. I'm trained in it.

I know how to do it um. I don't use it it just doesn't factor into a lot of the practice a lot of the clinical work or the influence work that. I do. But a lot of people who are more on the spiritual transpersonal side they spend a lot of time in.

Ultra depth and. Ultra height uh how long would you how often do you drink on drinking your own energy charge water. I would do it every day every time. I image cycle.

I would drink the water or give it to somebody who needs healing how do you discover your vision and your purpose come to. Golden path when we do it uh uh yeah uh italics bonding great response ah we have a former speed. Seducer here uh weasel phrases come from. Ross jeffries's speech deduction course um nobody else uses that phrase um.

But uh yeah. I would look. At. I would look.

At. NLP for profit. I would look. At uh.

CPI one cpi2 uh. Harlan kilstein's. NLP copywriting. I've heard good things about unlimited selling.

Power by. Donald. Moyne uh those are all good um good resources how do we connect to the. Divine stronger um the process.

I use is through kabbalistic meditation. Reiki and uh process. I learned in my. Taoist.

Buddhist and. Christian classes called pulling down the heavens if you're in our. Mastermind we we go through that from time to time we also teach it in our coaching programs and vibrational influence all right. That's all.

I got time for. But uh. I want to thank you all for for coming out on a. Saturday um please like and share these videos please get as many people into.

Planet. David as humanly possible for those of you who want to start joining us on clubhouse. I'll post more about that um. But what.

I want to do is. I want to treat the clubhouse meetings more like an. AMA than be bringing a bunch of people up to discuss things um which may not fly initially in a clubhouse. But.

I want you to submit your questions in um in uh may not work. But we'll in advance and. Then we'll work on them all right. You guys good night.

God bless love you take care.
