Title: V329nab2w4Y.txt
Video Id: V329nab2w4Y
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V329nab2w4Y

Good afternoon good afternoon evening good night wherever you are in the world welcome to mental training secrets for success health wealth and happiness i'm your host and trainer for this evening dave dr david snyder dacm and today we're going to be discussing all the some interesting and powerful ways that you can begin to transform your life now before i get into what i lovingly call the david dog and pony show there are some administrative things that uh i do always like to get out of the way. First of all this is a webinar. So uh any kind of q a will be pretty much limited to chats um we are simulcasting this from our zoom platform to the youtube channel our chats which are functioning in both zoom and on youtube are in real time. However um there is about a usually about a 60 to 90.

Second lag i would say maybe sometimes more between when i say something or when you see something on the video feed and when it actually shows up in the youtube channel. So a couple of things in terms of of um logistics if you have a question and i love questions. But remember that there is a a set presentation um and before you uh you know we're going to get into a couple questions. But um i love questions and sometimes they're relevant and i will answer them where they're relevant when they're not relevant i will circle back towards the end of a webinar or when i go back and review the chat logs and i will actually answer them through the comments section in your um in the in the video section for this live feed.

So a couple of things really quick if this is your. First time with us please type in your name where you calling in from or where you're checking in from and. First in the chat this is a very interactive process because one of the the goals of this particular training is for you to come away with actionable skills things that you can take out into the world right. Now today in the moment and build on it and start using them to make your life better make everything that you want it to be.

So if this is your. First time with us please type. First time in the chat where you're checking in from uh if this is not your. First time if you've been be bopping around nlp power and planet david uh through our live events and things like that for any length of time if you and if you've actually taken some of our techniques some of our trainings out into the real world and actually use them to create change please type uh veteran return you know in the uh in the chat and uh.

So people can can see that we actually have quite a few returning people and as is my tradition um you know obviously whenever somebody comes into a webinar there's the expectation okay. He's gonna he's gonna give me fluff fluff fluff for 50 60 90 minutes. Then he's gonna say buy my stuff buy my stuff buy my stuff buy my stuff buy my stuff that's not how things work in planet david we do it we have a webinar format that we lovingly call a free form webinar what that means is we have a set curriculum or a set body of technique and things that we want to deliver to you actionable skills that will if you do them will deliver tremendous tremendous value to you. However at a certain point in this webinar we specifically give you the opportunity to tell us how to customize today's content for you this is again um.

So let me explain how things work if this is the scope of everything that there is to learn in terms of how to run your mind for men for success wealth health and happiness we have the time for like this much. So my my commitment to you is in the time that we have i will take you as far as i can i will give you and deliver to you as much information as is humanly possible and i will point you in the direction of what steps to take. Next and where to take it further if that's something you're interested in doing is that a fair trade just if you think that's a fair trade go ahead and type that in the chapman form okay. Cool excellent now along the same lines of that um as ev you know and anybody who runs webinars will always have an offer they'll have a set a package that they put together for you to help you take your training further this webinar is no.

Different. However the way we're going to present that to you is going to be very very different. So i want to give you the outline of what you can expect in today's webinar. So that you can budget your time appropriately.

First of all if you're a first-time uh caller first-time person checking in with us and you're expecting like a 90-minute webinar and. Then you're off out into la la land you're gonna be both pleasantly surprised and disappointed a little bit a because our webinars never go 90 minutes they're always longer and um we're always going to we're always going to continue to deliver actionable things it's an interactive process and you don't have to believe anything that we're telling you in order for it to work for you you just have to roll your sleeves up and do the drills in a mechanical committed way and and calibrate the uh the results for yourself that being said for the. First 60 minutes or. So i'm going to deliver to you as much content and lay the foundations for things uh as much as i can there are certain things that have to come before other things that when you put them together in the right.

Way they yield a result that's greater than the sum of the parts. So for the. First 60 minutes that's what i'm going to be doing i'm going to be giving you techniques i'm going to give you theories and principles we're going to begin to put them all together at about the 60 minute mark 60 minutes to 90 you know usually between 60 and 90 minutes i will take a break to present the offer that we've put together for you because a lot of people when they schedule webinars and and they they block out time for webinars they tend to do it in 90 minute blocks because that's what the average webinar goes. So to keep uh for the people who need to go who are staying up late like in the uk or um in in russia or or australia or whatever um 90 minute we're going to we're going to present the package that we have which usually takes about 20 30 minutes to talk about what we've got put together for you for those of you who want to take it further and.

Then when that's done we're going to come back to teaching we're going to continue to teach for another 60 90 minutes and that content will be largely based on what you have asked about we will take the the curriculum that we've created for this webinar and we will customize it to the needs of you what you want what you desire what you want to focus on now some people were asking about emotions some people were asking about how to get more women some people were asking about how to get rid of negativity you know those are all things that are very much doable with the technologies that we're going to begin to guide you through these again your our goal here is not to sell you something our goal here is to just give you as much actionable user-friendly content that has the highest percentage of working for you right. Off the bat. So you come out of this webinar empowered ready and able to make a change and. Then when you're ready to go further you'll know where to go for for that is that is that a fair asses is that a fair explanation of my intentions for today if you think that's fair go ahead and type that in the chat for me okay.

The other thing is is that as you notice i asked that there were veterans um on the call today and one of the reasons is do you expect when the guy is up here and he's you know he's teaching he expects to you know expect him to be biased you expect him to say hey my stuff's great buy my stuff buy my stuff buy my stuff buy my stuff buy my stuff. However i always put the veterans to work because it's the veterans the reason they're veterans is because they took. This stuff out into the field either through live events through courses that they've had or through ongoing uh trainings like this they've taken these things out into the world and they've used them and they've gotten an amazing result and they've come back for the. Next level and.

So here's what i would like my veteran people to do you know who you are yeah pay up paul you got to work right. If you see a question in the chat that i don't answer or that you have a direct experience utilizing our techniques from nlp power and planet david to to fix in the real world please take the time to answer those people in the chat let them know how you've taken the material and solve their the same problem that they have for yourself okay. Because they expect me to be biased they expect me to say hey we can do this we can do that you're the ones who are the true uh proof of the pudding you're the ones who walk the walk and talk the talk okay. So that being said um i guess we're gonna jump into uh the standard presentation at a certain point in the training once again we are going to be i'm going to be literally asking you type in the chat what you want to learn about because we're going to customize the the techniques and the processes to more perfectly fit what you want is that sound like a good deal go ahead and type that in the chat if you think that's a good deal cool all right.

Perfect all right. So without further ado oh standard disclaimer if politically incorrect language colorful metaphors swearing or the word boobies offends you this is probably not the best use of your 90 90 minutes to three hours you may hear noises in the background because my kids just got home from virtual school and they may be yelling at each other and doing things and that just lets you know that just like you i'm dealing with all the code restrictions and everything else jamie's asking if we can talk about procrastination jamie if you apply the things that i'm going to share with you you're going to find procrastination becoming minimized automatically now it doesn't mean there aren't specific techniques for getting rid of procrastination. But usually procrastination distills down to fear and a lack of reason why we'll talk about that when we talk about emotional bonding and emotional motivation okay. So without any further ado um with your permission i'd like to go ahead and begin our formal presentation starting with my bio if that's okay.

Go ahead and type that in the chat and we'll get started and is it okay. If i wear my cool computer glasses. So i don't burn my retinas out go for it all right. Thank you all right.

Without any further ado let's go ahead and begin today's program with ladies and gentlemen mental training secrets success wealth health and happiness revealed in this exclusive online class i'm going to show on a minute am i showing you the right. Screen hold on a. Second i got to make sure i'm showing you the right. Screen there we go all right.

I'm not getting my little green outline. Anyway revealed in this exclusive online master class you're going to discover psychological tips for reprogramming your subconscious mind how to remove blocks to your success get rid of negative emotions and program your mind for unlimited success health wealth and happiness i'm your host dr david snyder dacm and that probably begs the primary question who the hell is dr david snyder and why should i care well. First and foremost you should probably know i am an actual doctor of oriental medicine this is my diploma from uh pacific college of oriole medicine i'm a doctor in acupuncture and chinese medicine in 2020 i was voted the number one nlp trainer in the world by globalgurus.org this is the my bio from global gurus and hopefully with your your support and and votes we'll take number two again in 2021. But i've offered over 15 different products in various forms of human influence everything ranging from covert influence sales and marketing um trainings um storytelling metaphor therapy interventions if it involves you influencing human beings in any way shape or form i am engaged in actively researching studying and creating trainings that allow people to take their lives to the.

Next level i've been running a practice all right. Yeah this is another thing this was a what you're seeing here is a letter i got from globalgurus.org not too long ago uh and it says that it says dear david it is with great pleasure to announce that your training program killer influence has been chosen by global peers and ranked as the number one best program in the world for neuro-linguistic programming we have attached a logo for you to add to your program marketing and recommend the link to the page and. So what you'll see here is um our program killer influence that from which some of this material is drawn was wrote the number one nlp program in the world i meant some really heavy hitters here. So this is you know you can see this you can go to globalgurus.org and if you want to vote for us to get us for 2021 as well i appreciate that for those of you who aren't familiar with my background i'm also a lifelong martial artist i have a 10th degree black belt in riku karate i have a fourth degree black belt in shaolin kung tao.

Second degree black belt in kosho kempuru. First we black belt in font jujitsu i'm also a certified instructor in combat systema cinco manuscrima and modern arnis some of my energy work credentials which are by all means not exclusive to what's listed here i've been a reiki master teacher since 1990s before reiki was even cool i've been studying kabbalah and her medics for a very long time as well i'm an advanced chronic healer and chronic psychotherapist i have a certification in advanced dna theta healing bankston energy healing and various forms of qigong and of course if you look. At all this and by the way for those of you who are wondering i also have been running a clinic in let me just put this up there really quick i've been running a clinic here in solana beach california since 2005 where i've specialized in treating physiological illness that has as its roots repressed emotion. So while some trainers out there deal with um yeah somebody just saw something that's distracting me.

So while some people deal with um you know smoke cessation or weight loss or what have you uh i spent a lot of time unpacking terminal and chronic illness and and finding the roots of that and helping people dissolve the emotional underpinnings of it. So let me just go back to my training here. So. So what do all these things have in common well.

First and foremost state control and pattern recognition now what does state control and pattern recognition have to do with programming your mind pretty much everything right. So this class is for you if you would like to be learned to become super attractive the opposite sex and maybe even have them find you fascinating irresistible or absolutely charming if there's anybody here who would you know like to be able to do those kind of things go ahead and type that in the chat right. How many of you here would like to be able to banish fear and insecurity from your life from and radiate confidence and assertiveness and power maybe even be more truly alpha in your world if you like to protect yourself from manipulators and easily handle difficult people go ahead and type that in the chat if that's something that you think would be useful for you if you'd like to learn how to make more money to earn more money to deserve more money to book. More clients and um and for your business or get that promotion or raise you know you deserve go ahead and type those and go ahead and type yes.

In the chat program yourself to create massive financial abundance with more than enough energy to buy the things you want and. Then some this is probably a good place for you to hang out for the. Next couple three hours okay. If you'd like to be able to cause people to like and admire and trust you this is probably a good place to hang out for a while because you're going to learn two sides of influence both influencing yourself and influencing your others other people and many times these are the things that you know when we see something or we learn something you know we learn it from one particular perspective.

But if we just change our way we look. At something things can become very very powerful for us okay. If you've learned to learn uh if you'd like to uh still secret insider tip for learning how to nail two or three job interviews in a row or have them salivating to hire you pay very very attention to one of the very. First exercises that we're going to teach you it's called the emotional bonding checklist and it's something that i think every single one of us needs to understand both from a uh interpersonal influence perspective as well as from a intra person in other words how do we relate to ourselves how do we motivate ourselves how do we find the real emotional drivers that allow us to really move forward uh with our lives and get past that procrastination okay.

Uh if you'd like to learn how to use the same thing i know i'm not sharing the list it's okay. I'm just reading it for you. But if you want me to share it i'll share it uh if you like learn how to inspire your employees your children or your spouse to do what you'd like them to do and make them want to do it this is probably a good place to begin to to get the foundations for those skills okay. If there's anything i missed that you would like to utilize these skills for go ahead and take a moment type that into chat for me go ahead and do that i just want to see what you got for me everything whenever darth snider won't do i want everything darth snyder you're gonna have to wait what can't you do with what i mentioned there isn't a whole lot that you can't do there isn't a lot you can't do mark antoine is asking or music's 80s is asking for issues with past failures and traumas that's fine we can do that are there any good techniques to reduce anxiety and present moments yes.

Lots of them you're going to find out that there's going to be some really cool things that we can do all right. So let's go back to the powerpoint because if you stay on uh till the end of the presentation here's my personal promise to you if you stay till the end of the webinar i'm going to share with you some of the fastest most powerful and direct ways to reprogram your mind and body for unlimited success health wealth and happiness i'm going to teach you how to put a dead stop halt to procrastination i'm going to show you in a very specific way how to remove blocks to your success i'm going to teach you how to get rid of negative emotions fear pain and limiting beliefs i'm going to show you in a very very specific way the exact steps you need to go you need to take to go from interesting information to maximum transformation in minimum time does that sound like a good plan for today does that sound like something you guys would be interested in doing okay. They're saying bring it on yes. Right.

They're cussing at me it's okay. Cool all right. So let me teach let me let me go over really really quickly um what i would like to share with you in this webinar now like i said many of you are. First timers and.

So you come in with a little 90 minute mark blocked out in your head and while that's useful that's really not how our webinars work. But if you need to check out prior and come back and circle circle back you'll still be able to get take advantage of some of the specials and get the full content. But some of the fast action bonuses that we offer may not be available. So let's look.

At what i intend to cover to a greater or lesser degree in this webinar really really quickly um okay. We're gonna teach you in this webinar the two most important factors for success the three ingredients of achievement uh and by the way going back to these two most important factors for success without these it doesn't matter what you know about law of attraction it doesn't matter what you know about magic or nlp or hypnosis if you don't have these two factors engaged for you it none of the rest matters none of the rest matters. So this is going to be one of the this is where the rubber really starts to meet the road we're going to talk about the three ingredients to achievement and this is based on something i learned from w clement stone through his training with combined insurance oh. So many years ago and i found it to be true uh over and over again and even back in the early early part of the the 20th century these things were already well known okay.

We're going to talk about the rules of the mind the ones they didn't tell you about right. We're going to talk about body-centered energy psychology which to me is where these things like hypnosis and nlp and all the energy disciplines out there really start to come together to create a hole that's greater than the sum of the parts i'm going to teach you about how to reprogram the subconscious body mind brian green says hi i'm an ex-combined agent as well yes. I have i've sold many giants brian right. We're going to show you how to program your future and clear your past and.

Finally we're going to show you in a very specific way how to take control how to get the life you want the way you want it we're going to do that through a very specific set of programs and skills that we're going to recommend to you does that sound like a plan type in the chat if you think that's a good plan okay. Cool. So let's talk about the two most important ingredients to success why they're important and why you need to understand them. First and foremost um let me just there we go we're going to talk about the.

First factor that i want to i want to share with you i want to talk about is this concept of something we call identity now i could spend hours just talking about the the human principle of identity and identification. But at the end of the day you have inside of each and every human being a self-concept a concept that determines your life you know based on your life experience based on the information and the upbringing that you had the mentors that you've been identified with and when i talk about identity versus identification i really want to start to to drill down on this concept a little bit you know uh one of the guys featured in the secret oh. So many years ago a guy named john assaraf was quoted as saying you can't outperform your level of psychology or your level of self-esteem or your self-image and what he meant by that was if you have a a self image or a self concept that says you only deserve xyz right. You know in terms of mating dating and relating if you deserve a partner who on a zero to ten scale is a five if you meet someone who's a seven you will find a way to screw that relationship up if you are someone who in their head believes they only deserve to make thirty five thousand dollars a year and you somehow wind up in a position where you're making seventy thousand dollars a year you will find a way to screw that up or you will go through a very very uncomfortable process of becoming somebody who deserves to have it and.

So one of the very. First things that assaraf alluded to in that particular and i'm not a big fan of the secret by the way they left a lot of stuff out. But i want to start there because we've all had some to some degree we've all experienced with these things called law of attraction and personal development things of that nature um. So we're going to talk about this idea of identity and identification there's a book.

I've been promoting for many years it's it's no. Longer in print you can get a copy i highly recommend you do it it's called red gold and it was a book. Um written by it was a book. Based on the soviet approach to autogenic training that allowed them to sweep the olympics way back when and one of the concepts in that book.

And the author of that book. By the way was a guy named gregory ryport gregory said that basically um anything that you identify with controls you anything that you can disidentify from you gain control over now do you guys understand that concept go ahead if you understand the concept type it in the chat if you don't go ahead and type that in the chat because i want you to really understand when we start talking about identity in the building blocks and the foundations of identity where we're going with this okay. So many times when people talk about what they do for a living okay. They will save themselves you ask them who what do you do for a living they'll say i am a teacher i am a therapist i am a trainer right.

And anytime you hear the words i am in front of something what you are hearing in is in what we call an nlp and derivatives an identity statement in other words who they are is equivalent is the same as what they do in in that person's mind they are the same thing. So if something happens let's say this person is a corporate accountant right. And they've been at the same company for 20 or 30 years right. And they've really become identified they identify themselves as what they do and all of a sudden something happens to that job well all of a sudden one of the major pillars of their self-concept and their view of their world and their place in it has been thrown out from under them and all of a sudden other things will start to go away as well many times people who lose their job often wind up having relationship problems and often lose their relationship they are people who who uh who become very identified with the relationship that they're in when that relationship dissolves or disintegrates or just deconstruct constructs their job also often suffers they often lose their ability to to perform at work.

So there's this these pillars to our identity and they're largely a belief system about who we are and our place in it when we can start to change the building blocks of those identity pillars we can start to change what we're capable of and what our neurology will let us achieve okay. Are we are we cool. So far okay. Uh let's see here um going back to this now whether this is actually 100 true or not it's true enough to be true one of the things that uh early researchers in terms of belief systems discovered or at least arrived at was that we have a hierarchy in our in our in our neurology we have a hierarchy in a neurology of beliefs and these beliefs function uh from a top to bottom kind of an organization.

So in other words when i look. At spirituality and purpose everything that's up here at this level of the belief pyramid controls and influences everything below it and. So what the russians were saying not through nlp by the way is that if you have something that is living up here in your mind it controls all this other stuff and. So it controls you.

But if you can somehow disidentify in other words you can make a separation between what you are and what you do or what you have or what is right. Or what your environment says you can have control over it. So and this was even true in the product healing systems um master master choa he would have this little meditation or this little mantra that he would teach his students he would say i have emotions. But i am not my emotions i have feelings or i have clothing.

But i am not my clothing and this whole process again different systems coming at this same idea that when we identify with something when we identify with something it has the ability to influence us and control us when we separate and identify disidentify from it we gain power over it now this hierarchy of belief systems is what we want to begin to play with and we're going to look. At different ways to play with this hierarchy of beliefs now regardless of where regardless of where the level of belief is they're all built the same way they're all built out of the same basic building blocks now nlp used to say uh visual auditory kinesthetic olfactory gusto or vaccog and they would approach it as these things were purely um constructs these are hallucinations my experience has been that these things actually have a vibrational and an energetic correlate to them they actually do exist and we can begin to change things very very powerfully by interacting with this vacog system or what i call the primary encoding system now we talk about beliefs on another level you can take all of these beliefs and you can separate them into two basic kinds you have for all intents and purposes beliefs that you know about beliefs that you don't okay. Part of our job as people who are deliberately self-evolving is to consistently begin to uncover the beliefs that we didn't know we have right. And uh if you've ever done our yin affirmation process that's where a lot of this comes out if you've ever done our our stems process that's where you can begin to um deal with these things now one of the common beliefs are common misconceptions about beliefs the common bad beliefs about beliefs is that they're big unchangeable iceberg size things that run our life when in fact they're actually not beliefs at their most basic concept of their basic inception are decisions that we made about the way the world is uh based on the information that we had the environment we were in and the emotional state we were in at the time and now the the hard part about that is once these beliefs are accepted if we try to approach them rationally if we try to attack them logically they tend to become stronger unless we're giving unless we're providing huge amounts of evidence to the contrary.

However like i said up here all beliefs regardless of what level they're at in this hierarchy are built from the same stuff they're built from the same bricks and mortar for lack of a better word and we can begin to effect change very very powerfully pardon me while i try to get this to erase there we go okay. By affecting change to the va kog system okay. So the identity that we have and the belief system that supports it is what creates the. First lens to our ability to achieve okay.

There's some weird going on stuff here oh okay. There's there's some weird. So i'm gonna just turn the chat off for right. Now because it's distracting the hell out of me and i want to make sure that i get through this.

But are you guys with me. So far that we have a we have an identity that's based on a belief system that has a hierarchical structure to it and that you can divide each of those levels into two categories beliefs we know about and beliefs we don't right. And that regardless of what level of belief these things are at they're all built from the same stuff the same visual auditory kinesthetic olfactory and gustatory distinctions now um. But also remember that i said that these things are not just things that somebody made up these things have an actual vibrational energetic phenomenality to them that is processed through the filter the lens of the prism of your autonomic nervous system and we're going to begin to learn very very quickly how to rapidly transform these va kog structures using a body centered approach we call it body centered energy psychotherapy and part of the process that we're going to be utilizing is learning how to dialogue with the autonomic nervous system and there's six basic dynamics that we need to understand and it doesn't really matter what system of personal development that you're pulling from understanding these six characteristics of dialoguing with an unconscious response is going to allow you to ask better questions and trust the information that you get.

So i want to i want to jump into these six characteristics of an unconscious response elaborate on them a little bit. So you have them in your lexicon. Then we'll circle back we'll cover the. Second category of information that uh are the.

Second of the two ingredients you actually have to have for success. So let's let's look. At the six dynamics of an unconscious response where is it okay. Here we go can everybody see this okay.

If you know if you get nothing else regardless of whether you're someone who likes to do affirmations you like nlp or hypnosis or emdr or energy medicine or whatever if you understand these six characteristics if you how many people you by the way how many people here actually like do client work or see people uh professionally is either in a coaching capacity or a mentoring capacity or what have you let me just take a look. Real quick okay. Cool if you want to begin to you know kind of troubleshoot and bullet proof the success of your session if you want to minimize a lack of buy-in to the processes teach your clients these six characteristics before you begin any form of altered state work with them because by and large if you do this anything they experience during the session will become a enhancer to what we're doing. So let me let's talk about this really quick okay.

First of all dialogue with the subconscious mind here's the. First and most important piece your unconscious mind always answers. First usually non-verbal. But when you're going through this internal dialogue process and you ask yourself a question pay attention to the very.

First thing that comes up either verbally or non-verbally if you're working with a client and you ask a question watch what happens to their face and their body in the. First. Second to half a. Second of hearing the question and processing what you said because that information is going to be extremely violent um valuable to you in terms of what's coming up.

First the. Second thing to remember is that the unconscious mind always answers us honestly. So in other words the unconscious mind when it answers it will tell us the truth as it sees it as it perceives it right. That may be at odds that may be at odds with what we consciously want to believe or what we consciously want other people to believe.

So when you ask a person a question pay attention to that window of you know from from asking the question all the way up to two to three seconds and notice what kind of processing they go through notice how their non-verbal responses work notice how they when if they seem to be editing themselves you can watch their eyes. Move around right. If they go to answer and they suddenly pull themselves back you cannot you can almost guarantee that they're encountering uh unconscious dynamic number three which is they almost always have an urge to edit what just came up because what they want to say versus or what they the what is true for them is sometimes too sensitive for them to want to express outwardly either to themselves because it goes against their conscious self-concept or they don't want to be judged for the answer. So the.

Third the. Third dynamic is always going to be it always feels like they're making it up and they're always going to have an urge to edit what make what they make up this is one of the things that you can almost always take to the bank when when we're dialoguing with the unconscious mind there's an old saying that the the conscious mind shouts the unconscious mind whispers and. So when we start to really become focused on personal transformation we must learn to ignore the loud voice and focus on that still small voice as jack williams is saying in in the chat um because the the one of the characteristics of unconscious responses is it almost always has a far away or faint quality to it and and when we begin to hone in on that we can begin to find the true source of where the problem actually is now this goes hand in hand with key number four which is you always have an urge to edit what just came up you'll see this over and over and over again many times when i'm working with a client especially when we're doing like some kind of regress to cause or something like that i'll say go back to the very. First scene situation or event that is the source the beginning the root cause of x y z problem and they came in for a problem that started when they were in their 20s all of a sudden they're five years old or zero or four years old and you know maybe they're coming in for relationship problems and they're back in the living room watching their mom and dad argue at four years old and there's a part of them the conscious part of them is saying no.

That can't be right. Unconscious mind saying it's absolutely right. That's where this started that's what that was the hook. You got to understand that when you start to do this stuff with clients when you start to do this on yourself that urge to edit is going to be there because their conscious mind has an expectation of what it's supposed to be which is often completely different from what's actually true.

So when you're doing this kind of self work especially when you're doing this kind of self work you've absolutely got to pay attention to that urge to edit whatever comes up. First is where you start and that's where you keep going you keep digging right. If you say if there's a part of you that's saying oh that's not it or that can't be right. Guess what that's probably right.

That's probably where you need to be going okay. Last two it's never loud like i said it's almost always small or tiny or women in the back of your mind and it's almost never linear just going going back to that example of the client who comes in for a marital problem in their 25 20s or 30s they think the problem started you know eight years ago um you know when xyz caught got their spouse cheating or lying about something or started drinking or whatever you regress to cause and all of a sudden they're four years old watching their parents argue back and forth right. Many times remember that the unconscious mind that is an entity that doesn't track linear time as we consciously understand it your unconscious mind groups things by what they have in common and through a special filter gives us the illusion of linearity it gives us the illusion that there's a sequence of events okay. But when it actually organizes experiences it does it interceptively through commonalities things that are similar in some way and.

So many times you'll get a series of events that are very dis separated in time. But have one or two elements in common that creates this complex of things that we want to start to begin to unravel and we're going to show you some very powerful ways to do that i see all the raised hands. But i need to get through this foundational material. First are you guys with me.

So far is is this is this useful cool all right. So let's review very very quickly six dynamics of an unconscious response the unconscious mind always and i don't it doesn't matter if you're doing this in formal altered state work if you're doing like a stems technique you're doing anything where you're dialoguing with your own autonomic nervous system the unconscious mind always answers. First it always answers honestly it always is going to feel like you're making it up you're always going to have an urge to edit what just came up and. Finally it's never loud and it's never linear it's always like a whim or a notion in the back of your mind and it feels like it's off in the distance okay.

Ashlyn's saying i'm taking notes good good you're gonna and these six characteristics you're gonna hear me in in some form or another you're gonna see you're gonna hear this same set a six set um set of six characteristics coming up every time i teach they are too important they are too important for your understanding of dealing with the mind-body interface okay. And if you if you follow these instructions you can trust the vast majority of information that you get okay. So let's go back and look. At now once we understand this what can we do with it well we can remove limiting beliefs very very easily we can get rid of negative emotions we can overcome procrastination and resistance we can program the future uh and there's some very cool ways that we do that we can be we can become the best version of ourselves and we can begin to move towards getting the life that we want the way that we want it going back to the two most ingredients for success what else do we need well.

First and foremost once you have this set up okay. And by the way the material that i'm teaching you is drawn from a a much more comprehensive system we call the identity by design silo you can see that here in the identity by design silo there's a seven stage process each piece targets a building block of personality or identity the. First part is we're going to remove all the negativity from your mind and body the negativity that you knew about and a lot of the negativity you didn't even know you had. Then we're going to take uh and we're going to remove the specific negativity what this means is that there are certain certain issues that we have that the unconscious mind is afraid to let go of because they're serving a purpose they're keeping us from getting hurt again they're keeping us from experiencing pain or trauma again and as long as the threat of re-experiencing that pain or trauma is there the unconscious mind will not let go of that issue.

So we have a very specific set of techniques that we utilize for removing these safety lessons that need to be kept. So you can let everything else go. Then we're going to teach you how to install the default driver states curious uh triumph victorious uh relentless these are the ones that move you forward and instead of holding you back we're going to teach you how to reprogram your internal dialogue. So that the voice inside your head builds you up instead of tears you down and.

Then we're going to teach you how to sanitize the negativity from your past. So that when you look. Back on your past you only remember it in ways that make your life better. Then we're going to take this entire complex of processes and we're going to actually install them at the spiritual and genetic level as a template for your neurology to follow if you've studied any of the work by bruce lipton we know that our dna is very very programmable and by going back in time we can install these filters that allow our neurology to create a much better version of ourselves once we know how to do that we're going to acquire the qualities characteristics traits and attributes of people that we admire people that we want to be more like and we're going to install those through a process that we call deep trance identification have those qualities and characteristics for yourself now obviously we can't do all that in a two or three hour webinar like this this is the entire identity by design system and for those of you who want more information about that we'll include that at the end of the webinar.

So you can you can get this training for yourself and and use light utilize it to to get everything you want from life the universe and everything. So i wanted to just kind of take that little segue and show you that what you're see what you're seeing and what you're learning is excerpts from a much larger system are we are we clear with that are we cool with that. So far cool all right. So what's the.

Second component of getting everything you want well it's real simple it's called action no. Matter what you want if you don't take any form of action in the real world these these transformations are largely moved okay. All forms of altered state work asc are altered states of consciousness and internal alchemical work must be balanced with the appropriate actions in the material world in other words you got to get off your ass and you got to do something right. Now the more in harmony your internal environment is the more rapidly you will manifest things okay.

Remember i said going back to um this concept of belief systems that we know about and belief systems that we know we don't know about the more harmonious you are inside your mind otherwise the more all of your thoughts and beliefs and values are synergistically and harmoniously integrated in other words there's no. There's no. Friction there's no. Resistance there's no.

Things at odds with each other the more rapidly the things you do will manifest in the outside world if for some reason you're doing all the right. Things and things are still not manifesting it's because there's some friction inside of you limiting beliefs or conflicting beliefs that say we can't have this yet and. So the moment you clear those out any actions you take will become magnified in the outside world i never really said it that way before because people will think if i just clean up my. Then i can do the minimal number of things and i'll get successful that doesn't exactly work that way right.

You still have to be relentless and willing to do whatever it takes and and actively start taking those steps for you to engage the mechanism. But as you do that um an roi starts to develop where maybe at the beginning you're doing two units of effort and you're getting one unit of results or half a unit of result. But you keep going all of a sudden that one unit of effort yields two units of result and. Then the half unit of effort yields three units of result and it just starts to grow that way as you become more indoctrinated into how this system works as the the internal and external aspects of your neurology become integrated together you wind up generating a hole that's greater than the sum of the parts as you start to interface with the the interoceptive and the non-local universe very very powerfully things start to happen and we have lots of people if you've ever had those experiences working from the material planet they'll go ahead and type those in the chat.

So people who've been experiencing things like image cycling and the informations and all the other things that we do go ahead and and plug that in to um to the chat. So people can see it okay. So we start talking about taking action though one of the things we have to start distilling you know people you know in spite of the fact they know they have to take action people still don't and why don't they well there's really two reasons why they don't take action and i know it sounds like i'm oversimplifying this. But really it's it's really two action it's really two they either don't want to or they don't want to okay.

Now what the hell does that mean well they either don't want to because they're afraid or they don't want to because they don't know how to they don't understand what to do. Next. So when we look. At how people create change or how people start taking action we need to look.

At where is the big problem for those of you who do coaching and things like that this is probably going to seem very familiar to you we want to look. At two aspects of a human a human being or what's our block to success and that is is it a mindset issue or is it a skill set issue now mindset issues can be diagnosed at the risk of using that word if you actually know what to do if you can see a clear path from where you are to where you want to be. But for some reason you're just not pulling the trigger you're just not doing it for some reason. But you know everything that needs to be done and how it needs to be done you're dealing with a mindset issue you're dealing with a limiting belief you're dealing with a fear or phobia or a conflicting belief parts conflict inside of you that's not letting you do it many times these stem from a lack of deservingness for having it or fear.

But sometimes and this i see a lot because often the one masquerades as the other and i should probably clarify right. Off the bat that these aren't mutually exclusive you can have a combination of mindset and skill set stuff. But a lot of times people don't realize the difference between a mindset and a skill set right. Um they they often confuse skill set issues with mindset issues right.

But a skill set issue manifests when you're ready to pull the trigger now you have all the energy you could power 12 cities off of the motivation and the desire for success that you have. But you have no. Idea where to aim that energy you have no. Idea what's the.

First step or the. Second step or the. Third step now this in regards to procrastination we'll talk a little bit about that. Later on in the webinar.

But with regards to procrastination there's different types of procrastination some people if they don't have a if let's say they have 10 steps to accomplish something and they don't know what the. First step is. But they know what the. Second.

Third and fourth step is they won't take any action sometimes they have a fear of success which says if they start they you know they'll be successful they can't have that some people can see a clear line of progression all the way up to like the fourth or fifth step and. Then they can't they don't know what to do after that. So rather than take the. First three or four steps they won't take any right.

Um i in my life i take very much a ready fire aim approach is i'll just start and i'll figure it out as i go. But some people if they don't know in vivid detail the exact set of steps necessary to achieve something they won't start at all right. And this is again different ways that procrastination can manifest sometimes it's fear sometimes it's lack of fear of success sometimes lack of you know a limiting belief or not deserving. But many times it's that basic idea of i don't have all the steps.

So i can't start susan says. But isn't that a limiting belief yes. It is a limiting belief. But it's not it's not a limiting belief that's based on self it's based on procedure or or how or what we call meta program the way things are valued things are supposed to be pretty much everything that you're dealing with is going to stem down to some level of belief okay.

But that was a great question i tend i tend to develop to divide things into content-based or procedural-based uh belief systems. So um. So here's something i want you all to kind of write down um this is a quote that i i i received from my my trainer in a luminescence my consultant taylor sinclair and this came from her mother and it basically goes like this you can be your do or have anything you want in this world. But.

First you must become the person who deserves to have it now many times when we're faced with where we are versus where we want to be it involves us making an investment sometimes that's an investment of money sometimes an investment of time or energy or effort and there's a little voice in our head that looks at where we are looks at what needs to be done and it says oh it costs too much or it's going to take too long or it's too much work my friend one of the things i want you to understand when you hear those voices in your head those feelings that rise up inside of you this is what it actually means when people say it costs too much or it takes too long even if it's something they know they want what they're really saying is i don't deserve to have it yet okay. To the degree that you're willing to invest in yourself to the degree that you're willing to move through discomfort and this is a big one discomfort is going to be your friend through this entire process in systema when i was training in combat systema one of the big hallmarks of russian stem is learning how to get comfortable being uncomfortable you know the the seals like to say embrace the suck right. Transformation is never going to be comfortable you can make it more comfortable. But it will never be comfortable you know there's a great saying i love to i love to share with people comfort zones are wonderful things.

But nothing ever grows there okay. So the more you get familiar with being in uncomfortable situations the more rapidly you're going to take control of your world okay. And that's going to be true when it comes to charging for the services you offer accepting new positions being willing to take the. Next step to become the person you truly want to be they're all going to involve some level of discomfort.

So the more you embrace that the more rapidly you'll move through those processes and get the goodies on the other side of it okay. I wish i could i i i can tell you that it's going to be effortless no. There's it's it's a you got to you're going to put in what you get out you're going to get out what you put in and at least at. First and.

Then it's going to get better. So going back to this idea of action. So one of the biggest motivators that we have and this is something that i teach in my influence classes this is something i teach in in this class this is something that will blow out procrastination like like it's nobody's business okay. This is in in the cpi and killer influence systems we call this the emotional bonding check request okay.

The emotional bonding checklist relates to the fundamental level of beliefs that are right. Up here you have an emotional bonding checklist for anything that you can think of anything that you can conceive of even if it's something you never thought you would want there's an emotional bonding checklist for it. So here's what we're going to do right. Now we're going to learn the emotional bonding checklist.

But we're going to do it in the context of internal motivation everything human beings do let me go back to to looking you in the eyes. For this write this down and tattoo it inside your eyelids backwards. So that when you close your eyes. At night as you go into sleep it's the.

Last thing you see in the. First thing you see when you wake up in the morning this is the key to human influence cross-contextually now in this seminar we're talking about intra-personal influence in other words influencing yourself in other webinars we've taken the same concept and we've taught you how to do it interpersonally in other words with another human being or a group of human beings now what i want you to do is i want you to take this process that we're going to do together and i want you to link it to everything we're teaching you in this webinar. So here's how this works i want you to get out a piece of paper i would prefer paper and a pencil this is far more powerful if you write it. Then if you uh just type it in a keyboard.

But. However is fine now the emotional bonding checklist relates to a series of beliefs we call criteria and values criterion values are the emotional reasons for why we do everything okay. Now you can say we have beliefs we want beliefs we don't want there's feelings involved here their emotions everything human beings do is about emotions and feelings and notice i made a distinction there all emotions or feelings. But not all feelings or emotions the way your autonomic nervous system works is you develop a kinesthetic internal sensation.

First and. Then you assign a label to it and that grows into an emotion and that creates a series of um correspondences in your brain of files and memories and things connected to that feeling what we want to begin to do is we want to peel back the layers shielding us from the real emotional reasons for why we want something and for this you have to understand the dynamics of your unconscious response unconscious mind always answers. First always answers honestly always feels like you're making it up you always have an urge to edit what just came up it's never loud it's always quiet or soft like a whim or notion in the back of your mind and it's almost never linear okay. Now there's only two questions that we need to ask let me see if i can find my template if not i'll just do it here i have a template for this.

So i want to share that with you here we go perfect. So this is the template i want you to follow i want you to stop for a moment let me make this bigger i want you to stop for a moment and i want you to think about what is it if you have if you could if this seminar could deliver to you the techniques the qualities and the attributes that you want the ability to do things what is it you want write that down just under that question you know write that question what do i want from this webinar what do i want to be able to do what's it going to do for me if i could if the things david is teaching me works right. And. Then underneath that once you write that answer i want you to write this question what's important about having it in other words let's say that everything i teach you in this webinar you take out into the world and you apply okay.

Successfully what do you what's that going to give you what's important to you about having it and i want you to write that out and again what i want you to do is i want you to really pay attention to what comes up. First and the exact words you use i want you to write those down okay. When you're done with that all i want you to do now all i want you to do is type in the chat room done let me type it in the chat room that you've done that okay. Hold on a.

Second i'm sorry i didn't realize i wasn't sharing my screen. So once again what do you want or what's what's the what's it going to do for you once you have that what's important you about getting it right. And pay attention to what comes up. First and the exact words you use to describe it okay.

And. Then you're gonna wash rinse repeat if you had that in other words whatever comes up. First let's let's imagine for a moment that you got that ask the question again what's important about that and and when you've done that type in the chat done done perfect excellent now under that again i want you to write this question ultimately if i could get b and c if i had that ultimately what is important about that what would that do for me okay. And write physically write down your answers okay.

And when you've got at least three levels to this type done in the chat excellent excellent. So jenny says i couldn't get the. First response well if you knew what the. First response might would be what might it be and just pretend you know okay.

Perfect now here's where it gets interesting i want you to stand up i know this sounds weird all right. But if you're driving don't do this okay. But if you're driving if you're driving don't do this. But if you are if you're at home stand up pick up your piece of paper and i want you to read your answers to the question out loud read them out loud when you've done that one time type done in the chat room okay.

Done perfect now say it again out loud say it again out loud type done in the chat when you're done cool and one final time a. Third time and. Then do it three times in rapid succession and type in the chat what happens what you feel in your body [Music] agnes says no. Can't smile any harder tingling oh you're tingling david i feel excitement standing tall and proud very good show questions please okay.

Now think about this think about this all you did was repeat your very own words back to you okay. For everything you can conceive of there is a hierarchy of emotional benefits that your body is trying to get for you that motivates you now how excited are you now about going after and following the instructions to get all these things now that you've read that what was the. Third question ultimately what's important about x okay. Some people say they feel anxious that means point to where you feel that in your body and if there were a color that would dissolve that anxiety feeling what color would it be breathe that color through the area notice what happens okay.

Perfect now as you link that excitement to every instruction i'm about to give you and realize that the technique that you've just gotten is the fuel and the engine that drives your achievement in the real world okay. For some people if you didn't feel anything you didn't get the right. Information okay. Um because one of the things that we do with this process is we want to tap in to the emotional desire the emotional needs that um that is driving us because that's what causes us to bond it's what causes us to take an action okay.

When we have this as our foundation we have the energy to overcome most forms of procrastination we have the will and the drive to get the training that we need to just transform the mindsets that we need because we're sure of the reason why we're doing what we're doing okay. We you know you've ever heard if you've ever heard the expression you've got to find your why type in the chat if you've ever if you've ever heard that experience or heard that phrase find your why right. Okay. This is your why now close your eyes.

Feel that feeling in your body now this is where we start to get kind of energetic close your eyes. Feel that feeling in your body when you say those words to yourself and point to where you feel it in your body right. Now imagine a beautiful if there were a color connected to that that feeling in your body what color would it be. First impression imagine a beautiful ball of that energy floating above your head notice how the feelings in your body shift and changes with every breath you take and every beat of your heart that ball of energy begins to grow begins to expand begins to fill the entire room from floor to ceiling from wall to wall and all points in between notice how it wraps itself around you like an amazing blanket of energy of motivation of desire drive to thrive a cocoon a shield a suit of armor insulating you protecting you inspiring you towards achievement in all levels real and imagined at the same time flooding your mind flooding your body flooding your spirit with everything it most needs everything it most wants to take the actions and get the results you want and when you know you've got that breed those colors through your entire being let it fill you up like water fills up a bottle like fluid fills up a test tube like hot air helium fills up a balloon anchor it in.

So fully. So completely no. Force in the universe can turn it off or take it away not even you when you know you've got that you know that's true test it try to turn it off try to make it go away and notice what happens instead and when you've done testing type in the chat what you discovered doesn't go away oh how about that get stronger perfect more determined absolutely is that a good place to start what do you think all right. So let's go back get back on track shall we.

So now that we've got this as you link these feelings to taking the steps necessary to move forward here's what we're going to cover uh when we come back from our uh our presentation we're gonna we're gonna go into our. First shortly. But i wanted to just share this with you we're gonna talk about rules of the mind we're gonna talk about body centered energy psychotherapy this is where we're gonna functionalize and actualize um many of the processes that we've talked about we've laid the foundation for we're going to teach you how to program your future clear your past and take control of your life. So if it's okay.

With you would it be okay. For me to share with you the package that we've put together for you for about 20 or 30 minutes. Then come back and continue to teach is that is that a fair to do that now go ahead and type in the chat if you think that's fair okay. Perfect excellent.

So with your permission i'm going to talk about uh something that i think is really cool i'm really proud of it's uh something we've been sharing with people for quite some time and um yeah okay. Um okay. So here we go with your permission i'd like to talk to you about the secrets of personality transformation ultra mind control training home study course this is a series of courses that we've put together in a very synergistic way that allows you to build on the foundation that we're setting in this webinar and truly customize your sense of self your identity to remove blocks to success to magnetize yourself for more health wealth and happiness and all those other things this is about making more money helping you close more deals getting more dates feeling more confident more powerful for really winning the game of life and if you do if you embrace the technologies that we're sharing with you as a natural byproduct of this training you'll start to find yourself becoming more charming and charismatic and irresistible and that's just going to lead to a better version of yourself. So here's what i put together for you today now before i go into it this offer does expire it does have a limiter uh it expires as of january 7th 2021 at 11 59 p.m.

So if you have to leave early you know you have until 11 59 to take advantage of this offer some of these things are going to be even more limited. But by and large if you try to get some of these fast action bonuses after today they may not be available. So uh and we'll put the links in the youtube channel for you. So secrets of personality transformation is a 14 video course that that includes our entire seven step identity by design process for controlling your mind and supercharging yourself sense of self and identity it's going to teach you how to strategically clear your unconsciously held negative beliefs and emotions both the ones you know you have and the ones you didn't know you have it's a 297 value we're going to teach you how to remove the unconscious safety rules that keep you that are keeping you stuck that are keeping you from moving forward you know many times people start a business for example and they they build it up to a certain level and for some reason it it it fails and.

So they pick themselves up by their bootstraps and they start another business and they get to a certain level and for some reason it fails and. Then they decide they're going to do it again and this time it's all going to be different. But for whatever mysterious reason they can't seem to get started against something won't let them pull the trigger in many of those cases what has happened is the unconscious mind has has witnessed the pain and suffering from those two previous attempts at building a business and one of the dynamics of the unconscious mind is that it must seek to protect you from bad stuff and. So the way it works is it looks at what caused the problem and it says oh the reason he has.

So much pain is because he built that business and he lost it. So if i can make sure he never loses another business he can never feel that pain again what's the most easiest direct way to keep him from ever losing another business i know if he never starts another business he can never lose it. So he'll never have this problem again and. So boom the unconscious mind makes a decision puts that safety rule in place and boom person's stuck they may know everything that needs to happen they may know exactly who to talk to where to get the financing all those other things and they just can't get out of the gate.

So. Second level the identity by design process is about finding those memories finding those beliefs that are have safety rules attached to them that are keeping you from moving forward removing them. So you can continue to move forward okay. That's what that level is about and that's the stage two of the identity design process okay.

Now we're also going to show you how to remove the negative voices in your head you know the ones that uh are talking about you all the time the ones that criticize you that beat you up right. And we're gonna teach you how to turn that voice to transform it into a voice that builds you up is your own personal cheerleader that's always telling you all the reasons why you deserve to have things that you're always loved that you're always good enough we're going to show you in very concrete very powerful ways how to make that happen it's a 297 value we're also going to install into you the four pillars of personal power for success these are four default driver states that cause you to move forward there are a lot of positive states that people have that actually keep you stuck. But there's a small select handful of emotional states that we install in you as a default they're your go-to they're operational when you're not even thinking about them that will move you towards success those emotions are playful triumphant curious and relentless and we'll show you exactly how to install those in you and how to call them up on demand. So that you can get that extra power boost when you need it most we're going to teach you how to install the personal success template of people you admire into your mind it's through a process we call deep trance identification and it's based on a lot of something called the reikov effect right.

Uh we're going to show you how to sanitize the negativity from your past memories and traumas. So that when you look. Back on the past you only remember these things in ways that make your life better 297 value for each of those and. Then we're also going to give you the real world hypnosis identity by design course manual this is a 418 value and this contains a huge amount of theory and concepts and techniques for how to run your mind how to control your emotions and ordain your destiny as well as other approaches to hypnotic influence and conversational hypnosis instant rapid inductions imagination games things that you can play.

So you're also going to get access to our online practitioner community these are people who have been through the trainings who've um learned the materials and now reach out to one another through our online platforms or individually to practice okay. We'll talk more about that in just a little bit total value for this particular set of of uh modules is 2497. But we're not going to just we're not going to stop there we're going to add on the value we're going to show you how to make this even more powerful for yourself we're going to do that by adding these special exclusive bonuses just for the people on this webinar who jump in before the deadline tonight. So you're also going to get the identity by design hypnotherapy home study course this is a 1497 value we're going to give it to you absolutely free and once again in this course you're going to learn exactly how to unlock the power of your subconscious mind you'll learn how to be able to hypnotize people anytime anywhere under any circumstances it is a matter of public record that our students easily have hypnotized classes of people in a lobby undergoing renovations.

Next to a jackhammer with complete success there we actually have people who are in that class. So we teach you how to do these things anytime anywhere for any reason we're going to show you in very concrete step-by-step ways how to remove blocks to your success how to overcome limiting beliefs how to find and remove those hidden negativities that you didn't know you had we're going to teach you how to clear up issues that just don't seem to go away change that crappy voice inside your head even further resolve negativity from your past and install the traits qualities and characteristics of the people who you like and admire the things that you want. So you can dissolve the things you don't want and a whole lot more we're going to teach you instant and rapid inductions little approaches to color breathing and energetics we're going to teach you the um body centered energy psychology body centered hypnotherapy total value. So far uh 2 994.

But we're also going to include hidden laws of attraction this is probably one of we just released this class um we did this class in 2020 it's become easily one of our most uh popular classes and this is a perfect uh complement to the identity by design systems it's going to teach you how to unlock the powers of your subconscious mind find or move limiting beliefs health for health wealth and happiness and how and show you how to manifest and we're going to teach you how to become a money magnet we're going to teach you how to do things and how to change your internal psychology. So that you become someone who naturally attracts wealth how to influence people remotely for healing and influence and things of that nature how to find and remove hidden negativity how to clear up issues that just don't seem to go away we're going to teach you a powerful new information method for finding the blocks to your success and actually create causing your mind to generate powerful reasons why you deserve to have the things you want in life okay. Even if you don't think you deserve it this process will start to transform that lack of deservingness into reasons why you should have it okay. We're going to show you how to install the crates qualities and characteristics of people who are naturally lucky there are five distinct characteristics that all lucky people have in common and they're not they're not woo they're actually psychological attributes that you can uh find within yourself hone train and modify they're not um they're not attributes their skills their mind skills as zig ziglar used to say we're going to teach you what those five are and show you how to use the identity by design process to actively amplify and manifest those in your life we're going to teach you the most powerful engine of personal transformation and manifestation ever if you've ever heard me talk about image cycling or the bankston system this is a direct module for specifically how to manifest practically impossible stuff um if you've ever used this particular engine the image cycling system for manifesting type your experiences in the chat room.

So people can learn from you right. And and. So much more we're going to teach you about fun energetic feng shui little things you can do about changing the environment in your house that actually causes your energetic practices to become amplified and magnified what part of your house to do them in things of that nature total value five thousand four hundred and ninety one dollars if you would go to website and buy them individually. But we're not going to stop there we're also going to throw in uh real world conversation hypnosis the stealth cpi universal persuasion protocol level one now let me explain why because if you know on the surface it might seem like well david this is about mental training and law of attraction and programming your mind for success why are you teaching me about conversational hypnosis why are you why are you including that in the package and the reason is very very simple remember we talked about there's two reasons people don't take action there's mindset and there's skill set okay.

One of the biggest barriers to implementation that i have found amongst human beings in general is the ability to communicate what they want in such a way that the person being communicated with is willing and eager to do what you're asking them to do. So we include this as a way of giving you the ability to express the transformations verbally in whatever context you need to with other human beings. So it becomes a delivery mechanism for very powerful verbal communication that is enhanced by the transformational work that you've done and that's why we've included these kinds of classes are these kinds of programs in the package because once you have all this inner game stuff wired in now you want to amplify that through enhanced language learning how to target a person's own internal belief systems their own emotional bonding checklist how to find the back doors into their neurology. So that they get inspired just like you were inspired when we did that emotional bonding drill together to do what you want them to do is to get what everything they want does that make sense go ahead if you think that makes sense type that in the chat okay.

Okay. So that's why we're doing this okay. Let's go back to this process. So in this process you're going to learn how to instantly conversationally hypnotize and influence people during normal conversations without them ever even knowing you're doing it you're going to be able to conversationally mesmerize and charm anyone anytime anywhere we'll show you how to emotionally bond and connect with anyone you meet in seconds how to control your emotions and use them to influence others once you have this ability to control your state no.

One can ever push your buttons ever again and you can there's the energy behind the things you say and do exponentially increases the fastest way to change um to get people to want to do what you want them to do is to change the way they feel in their body the fastest way to change the way somebody feels in their body is to change the way you feel in your body we're going to drill you relentlessly on how to do this and. Then bridge that emotion to another person's nervous system. So that you can send information non-verbally back and forth that inspires them to change and transform this is going to cause people to like love and trust you at will on command you're going to have them hanging on your every word you're going to be some you're going to become as a byproduct of this training. So magnetic.

So charismatic that people will just give you stuff because they feel. So good just by being in the room with you you're going to learn. So much more than that. But these are just some of the highlights of the full system that you're going to get okay.

It's a 1950 value we're including this for you absolutely free because we want you to be ready we want you to have the tools once you've got your inner game your mind right. Your emotions right. Your belief systems right. Now we want you to bridge now we want to be able to communicate using the most powerful language system on the planet to inspire and motivate and bond people to your way for them to trust you to like you to love you and basically do what you want in a win-win ethical kind of way is that okay.

To get everything you want ethically and honestly type that in if you think that's fair right. Cool. But we're not going to stop there you might have guessed total value for this by the way is seven thousand four hundred and forty one dollars. But we're not stopping there we're also going to include renegade reframing how to rapidly change beliefs and instantly overcome any objection in just minutes now stop for a moment and think about this how many times have you caught yourself even during this webinar i say something and all of a sudden there's this little nagging belief or voice in your head that says that's or this can't work or i don't deserve to have this or whatever right.

Um what if you had for every one of those that came up what if you had 14 different ways to change it what if you had 14 different ways to change any limiting belief that you had imagine this imagine you're out talking to people and you're asking them to make a sale or sign up for your product or service and they come up with some kind of an injection it costs too much it takes too long what if for every objection they had every limiting belief for not doing what you wanted them to do what if you had at least 14 different ways to beat it what would happen to your success in life if you could do that type that in the chat what might happen right. So you can use these 14 patterns of change on yourself you can use them on people who are objecting to the things you're asking them to do who have a limiting belief themselves and when you start stacking them you can completely obliterate somebody's argument for just about anything okay. This is why again you have to have inner game and you have to have outer game what i showed you. First the 14 video course the identity by design real world hypnosis certification home study course is the inner game stuff the identity stuff this is the action stuff this is what's going to allow you no.

Matter what you do for a living no. Matter if you're in the bar room the boardroom the classroom the bedroom this is what's going to allow you to find what makes people want to do the things you want them to do and overcome any objection they might have if for some reason you missed something that didn't work okay. We're going to include this absolutely free for you it's a 1 950 oh and one other thing this particular course i love this this particular course comes with a game that you can play with your friends it's called the reframe game and it's a they're included in the manual you print them out you cut them up and they're each it has a set of cards with the patterns on you literally like have a person's state of belief you throw the belief card down in front of them from in front of someone else playing the game and they have to overcome that objection using that belief pattern. So you can actually play the game that allows you to get better at doing this.

So it's a fun way to really install these patterns and overcome any objection or with any argument okay. Total value 1950 uh we're going to give it to you free combined value for this is 9391 if you register if you grab your package before the end of the webinar okay. So just as a you know just to review this is what we've got for you. So far we're going to give you the secrets of personality transformation ultra mind control training home study course it's a 14 video set plus the manual that teaches you how to do the seven stage identity by design process by yourself for yourself and by the way when you get done you can you'll be able to do the entire seven stages on yourself in as little as seven minutes in fact in this video course what you'll what you'll see actually at the end of the video is you'll actually see one of the participants in the class actually going through level one all the way through level seven and she does it and i believe seven and a half minutes start to finish we're going to include the real world hypnosis identity by design hypnotherapy certification home study course it's a 1497 value okay.

We're going to include the hidden laws of attraction mind magic and manifestation masterclass 1497 value we're going to give it to you absolutely free okay. We're going to give you this stealth cpi level 1 universal persuasion protocol home study course and manual 1950 value we're going to give it to you absolutely free and. Finally we're going to give you that renegade reframing how to overcome any objection and change beliefs nine hundred instantly fifty dollar value uh raj is asking i already have hit anybody's on course can i swap it for something else the answer is yes. As long as the price point is the same.

So if you're swapping a fourteen hundred ninety seven dollar course out for another course that's fourteen hundred ninety dollars or less yes. You can uh swap things out you just need to call stephanie at 858 here i'll just i'll just put this in the chat for you and i'll put this in for our youtubers as well for those of you who want to take action if you want to if you need if that's the situation for you if there's something in the program that you already have. But you want to take advantage of the package you can call stephanie and she will happily substitute something that's of an equal or lesser value okay. So renegade reframing how to overcome any objection and change beliefs instantly 1950 value total value of this package if you were to buy it today on the website would be 9 391.

But as you can probably guess we would like today to give you the best deal humanly possible and. So obviously because i want you to make 2021 the best year possible for you what i'd like you to do is i'm not going to i'm not going to make you pay nine thousand nine three hundred and ninety one dollars i'm not even gonna make you pay six thousand three hundred and forty seven dollars i'm not even gonna charge 5347 although as you can see it's really really worth that right. Uh we're not even going to go to 33.47 we're not even going to charge 2 347 for this although you can see where we're going in fact for those of you who want to take advantage of this program get all these goodies today you can get it all for one low one-time investment of just 9.97 it's all you got to do or if you need a little time if you're you're getting started at the beginning of the new year you can break that into three easy installments of just 397 bucks and all you got to do to get that is go to this link here www dot nlp power dot com forward slash mental dash secrets that's www.nlpower.com forward slash secrets once again that's www.nlpower.com forward slash mental hyphen secrets um the links are in the chat you can go ahead and take advantage of that um if you've had experience with these go ahead and post that chocolate says i already took. Action i'm happy for that yes.

You did right. Now for those of you who are a little on the fence everything we're sharing with you comes with a 90-day 100 money-back guarantee if the secrets of personality transformation ultra mind control home study course doesn't help you exactly how to show you know result in making you more money or closing more deals attracting more success or manifesting the life of your dreams by your standards by your expectations if you're not feeling more confident more secure more powerful if it's not allowing you to become more of a winner in social encounters or move through the world with a more empowered less fearless or less fearful way i'm going to refine your money if it's not working for you if this technology doesn't do even half of what i say it's going to do i don't want your money you have 90 days give us a chance to help you if you have a question call stephanie 858-282-4663 give us a chance to walk you through the sticking points right. But if for whatever reason you're not getting the results that you think you should be getting if you're not making more money getting more success manifesting the things you want pick up the phone give us a call we'll refund your money or we'll work with you until you start getting the results it's your choice right. Uh and by all means keep the course and go out and find something that does work for you.

But again we we've almost never had to do refunds on this because it actually does work the way we say it does if you do the work now look. I'm really good at what i do. But i can't multiply zeros okay. If you don't do the work if you don't follow the instructions nothing in this course will help you all right.

So by all means follow the instructions get the course do the drills get the skills and make your life everything you want it to be and if it doesn't again give it 90 days and if you're not on the fast track success okay. Bring it to bring it bring it back right. I mean just you know right. Now don't be one of these hit and run people where you buy it download it and.

Then rush off because we're not stupid okay. We'll blackball you for that. But by and large if you're serious about making a change if you're serious about taking your life to the. Next level one would now be a good time to really jump on this and take advantage of this there's no.

Risk to this okay. So get yours now all you gotta do is go to www.nlpower.com forward slash mental secrets www.nlpower.com forward slash mental secrets okay. And as if this wasn't amazing enough already if for those of you have already taken action today you're gonna love this okay. If you grab your course today and this is only for the.

Next 15 people those of you who grab your course today before i end this webinar january 7th 2021 11 59 pm you're also going to get these fast action bonuses. First one is you're going to get three month free trial membership to our nlp power mastermind mentoring program this is a a paid program that we have been running since 2010 it is uh it meets on the. Third saturday of every month i'm gonna jump out of the uh the powerpoint here just to kind of explain this to you am i sure have you been seeing my screen the whole time or not have i been sharing my screen okay. All right.

Um can you see me now okay. I could. So let me explain how the nlp power mastermind mentoring program works. So we started doing this in 2010 and um basically the nlp hard to mastermind mentoring program is not a certification program it is designed for one thing and one thing only to give you real world applicable skills in that moment.

So we meet on the. Third saturday of every month now up until covet hit we were meeting in my my location here in solana beach california and literally i would go around the room people would show up and say jason what do you want to learn brandon what do you want to learn uh alright. Eradia what do you want to learn you know jack what do you want to learn and i would i would listen to what they wanted to learn for that day and i would write them on the board and. Then when everybody was done i had everything they wanted to learn about listed on the board i would look.

At it i would find all the connecting threads and i would create a lesson plan for that day on the spot and we would literally drill the people in the room and joining through us virtually on those on the techniques necessary to achieve those goals for for four hours or more until they can do that stuff in their sleep and we send them off into the world to actually get the results they came to learn how to get right. Next week or. Next month they come in. Third saturday what do you want to learn what do you want to learn what do you want to learn what do you want to learn we write them on the board we find out what we're going to cover for that day and boom we just steamroll through it drilling drilling drilling drilling doing the drills and getting the skills.

So you can do that stuff in your sleep okay. It's not a program that is going to give you a certificate if you're looking for a little pretty certificate to hang on your wall this is not it if you're looking for a skill set that you can apply out in the real world if you don't have people to practice with or willing to let you practice with them if you're looking for kindred spirits this is the place for you now we've been running that program non-stop since 2010 october of 2010 to be exact we have videotaped every single mastermind training session okay. And we've archived them in three places it's archived on our private facebook. Page it's archived on the nlp power mastermind archive on the web on the website and we've started uploading mastermind content to the platinum the gold platinum and diamond member levels um sections on our youtube station when you're a mastermind member you get full access to all three archives you get the facebook.

Archive you get the nlp power archive and you get the youtube archive you get full 24 hour a day unfettered access to 10 years of personalized mastermind concept okay. Okay. Um and you get a three a three month trial for you to come in and hang out and meet people and practice the things you really want to learn about this has been one of the single most powerful most transformational um programs we've ever created people ask me why i can just string things together from whatever questions come at me and put together a draw it's because for 10 years people were asking me how to connect dots between things that most people wouldn't think are connected it allowed me to teach and understand things in a very different way when we circle back and start looking at how to apply body-centered psychotherapy or energy psychotherapy to belief change to uh overcoming limiting beliefs dissolving procrastination things of that matter a lot of those insights came from having to work with the mastermind group and if you really want to take your skills to the. Next level this is a bonus that you're not going to want to give up okay.

You get a three-month trial come in thursday every month tell me what you want to learn i will drill you personally on those skills you will you will practice with all the other attendees and you'll come out of there with a skill set that you can actually use we're going to give that to you absolutely free it's a 594 value and it's just part of uh what you're going to get if you actually grab your course today uh on this program okay. Total value combined. So far is nine thousand nine hundred and eighty five dollars. But we're not going to stop there we're also going to include the stealth instant conversational hypnosis crash course this is a distilled version of the stealth cpi uh conversational persuasion system that we talked about earlier this is a drill down on instant and rapid hypnotic conductions the seven most powerful conversational hypnotic language patterns on the planet patterns that will allow you to make anything you want cause anything you want in the minds of the listener allow you to make anything you want mean anything you want in the minds of your subject it'll allow you to drill down and tap into their emotional desires for doing whatever you want them to do it'll allow you to to force their mind to begin to automatically undergo any state process or experience that you want them to it will teach you how to forced a person's internal mind movies to be exactly what you described with zero chance of mistranslation these are just some of the things that this particular course will teach you if you want a course that allows you to learn something now start hypnotizing people tomorrow we're including this as a way to get started now on on your ability to use influence it's a 997 value we're going to give it to you absolutely free total combined value is ten thousand nine hundred and eighty two dollars and for those of you who love to mingle the single most powerful thing that i can recommend is you get to one of our live events and we have made a name on the quality of our live events we believe that live event training is the single most powerful way to install and internalize a skill set to take you from that uh interesting information level to an identity level in other words it's part of who you are it embodies you it informs you it empowers you at every level of your life to do that for the.

Next 15 people who register for this program only we are going to give you a free vip super ticket this super ticket will allow you free admission to any single live event of your choice in our 2021 and our 2020 calendar now some restrictions do apply and those restrictions are very simple it's any course that's five days or less and it's any course that does not have a prerequisite now if you've been to the prerequisite course already and you have this vip ticket you're more than welcome to attend some of the higher level classes okay. This the one the nice thing about the vip tickets is you don't even need to know when you get it what course you want to take it does not expire. So once you have it it's yours until you use it if it takes you two years three years four years to get your butt to a live event you pick up the phone you can call stephanie say hey i got this it's 2022. i got this i got this ticket back in 2020 can i use it come on in right. You can give it to somebody if you want to gift it right.

You can do that um if something comes up this is probably one of the coolest things about our vip tickets let's say you're getting ready to come into a training and it's identity by design maybe it's face reading maybe it's hidden laws of attraction maybe it's killer influence whatever you're getting ready to go and all of a sudden the. Next round of pandemic restrictions hit or your boss is a jackhole and makes in and makes you work on the weekend you're supposed to go on vacation or somebody gets sick or there's a death in the family or for whatever reason you can't make the training all you gotta do is pick up the phone call stephanie at eight five eight two eight two four six six three we will move you to another training you do not you do not lose that slot until you use it okay. Let's say you want to come to a training in the uk where everything that we do is in pound sterling rather than us dollars it doesn't matter there is no. Price difference you walk right.

To the head of the room let's say the class is full there's no. More room at the end. But you have a vip super ticket we'll find a seat for you all we ask is that if you're going to come let us give us as much notice as humanly possible if you show up at the. Last minute we won't get really mad.

But we we we base their material creations you know for the courses based on or around uh how many people we know are coming. So just keep us informed if something happens that you want to come at the. Last minute call we'll find a seat for you this vip super ticket is yours it's for the 10 for the only for the. Next 15 people 15 to register today after 15 this ticket goes away and you'll have to wait and see if we ever offer this again seth is saying list for live events is actually 22.50.

So this is a better deal than it says seth is our math wizard. So i'll i'll default to him total combined value of this package today uh is 12 932 if you were to go to the website and try to buy these things on an individual basis you'd be paying in excess of twelve thousand nine hundred and thirty two dollars. However for those of you who can do math you're going to get the secrets of personality transform secrets of personality transformation ultramine control training home study course and manual 1497 value and all the free bonuses you're going to get the identity by design hypnotherapy home study course 1497 value we're going to give it to you free you're gonna get the hidden laws of attraction manifestation and mind control mastery home study course fourteen hundred and ninety seven dollars we're going to give it to you free you're gonna get the stealth cpi universal persuasion protocol 1950 value we're going to give it to you absolutely free you're going to get the renegade reframing overcoming objections and uh conversational belief change home study program 1 950 value includes the manual in the card game we're going to give that to you absolutely free plus you're going to get that three month trial the nlp power mastermind mentoring program and full access to the nlp power mastermind mentoring video archive it's actually way more than a 594 value. But we're going to give it to you free if you like the program if you like the people if you like the skills that you learn just let us know you want to maintain your membership and we'll send you a link to do that if you don't if you've gotten what you need all you got to do is let us know you're done and you're you take what you got and go we're going to give it to you absolutely free for those of you who are fast action takers we're going to give you the stealth instant conversation hypnosis crash course it's a 997 dollar value with the seven most powerful unstoppable language patterns on the planet the seven language patterns that turn everything you say into a charismatic obedience facilitating compliance facilitating irresistible hypnotic communication we're going to give it to you absolutely free and.

Finally for those fast action tickets who really want to get in a room with me for three four five days where i can work with you program things into you drill you relentlessly over and over and over again grab that vip super ticket and let's go to vegas and let's make your life everything you want it to be it's a 1950 value actually it's a two thousand two hundred fifty dollar value if you go by what seth said we're going to give it to you absolutely free it never runs out and never expires you use it until you you you know you lose it till you use it and. Then you can build on that okay. Total value 12 932. But yours today for just one low installment of 9.97 or if you need a little help we can break that up into three easy payments of just 3.97 all you got to do to grab yours is go to www.nlpower.com forward slash mental training secrets that's www.nlpower.com forward slash mental training secrets uh stephanie is standing by to help you if you're calling stephanie by the way if you're calling stephanie and the line is busy it's because other people are calling stephanie here's the deal if you call you must leave your contact information if you call and leave your contact information you will qualify for as many of the bonuses that are available um when you call.

So in other words if if we end this webinar at eight o'clock and you call you know between now and eight o'clock. But you couldn't get through you left a message with the contact information okay. Stephanie will reach out to you and she will offer you the chance to get this package okay. But if you don't if you call.

But you don't leave any contact information and. Then you call. Later and try to get it it ain't going to happen all right. This is own the vip ticket is only for the people who are present on this webinar some of the other bonuses will be available until 11 59 pm tonight.

But that vip ticket goes away the minute i log off this webinar okay. The minute i log off this webinar it goes away okay. Is everybody cool with what we talked about. So far does anybody have any questions about it okay.

So once again 14 videos um seven stage universal persuasion protocol. So here's what we're gonna do we're gonna go ahead and let me just see where i'm at here yeah okay. So here's what we're going to do i'm going to take a seven minute bio break. So for those of you who want to reach out to stephanie get your questions answered uh sam was asking how do i access the three easy payments reach out to stephanie and she will help you get set up there should be a payment option on the actual um signup page as well.

But if not let's definitely know she'll take care of you okay. All right. We're we are absolutely committed to giving you the most powerful most real world useful skill sets on the planet we're gonna practically hold your hand and make you do the drills and get the skills brian this is how do i register for this class again all you got to do is go here sign up for the package and. Then once you've got the package call stephanie and let her know what course you want to register for stephanie is like the most awesome administrative goddess on the planet she will bend over backwards to help you i have never met um i have a strong history in customer service i have met very few people who will go who go the extra mile for a customer and help a customer like our wonderful and amazing stephanie and of course the amazing brandon burr is in the background making sure that uh all the tr all the trolls get whacked and uh all the all the courses get where they need to go and stuff like that.

So let's it is um by my reckoning it is 5 45. is that right. 5 45 we're going to take a seven minute break. So you can go and finalize your packages do whatever when we come back when we come back we're going to pick up where we left off and we're going to start blasting out negative beliefs we're going to start understanding how to program our system for more success and. Then what i will do is i will ask you guys what direction you want to take the remainder of the time we have together do you want to drill down on more techniques do you want me to do like a beginning of the year clearing session you know what do you want to learn about where do you want to go with it okay.

This. Next 90 minutes when we come back from our break is all about you. So once you've got your package go ahead and type in the chat what it is you want to cover i'll look. At that when i get back from the bio break and um we'll pick up.

So go ahead and do that now and once again make sure you get your course get your course get your course get your course. So i can see you soon in las vegas in person. So again it's 5 46 i will see you at 5 53. all right. We're coming back from the break you guys ready to rock and roll time for me to i always keep my promises.

So type in the chat let me see what you got here hold on a. Second good to go all set all right. Cool well we'll we'll circle around and review this course uh material again. But now it's time to get back into really why you came here today which is gaining some school gaining some real world uh tools that we can begin to put together now traditionally there are three techniques that i always teach i call them i've come to call them my transformational triad okay.

I'm probably i'm talking about the idea of writing a little book. It's not going to be it's not going to be a huge book. Because what i want it to be is like an action manual for people i'm probably going to call it secrets of speed healing how to remove any physical or emotional uh pain in seven minutes or less um or the one minute pain removal technique or something i don't know what we're going to call it yet. But it's going to be just basic um do these three techniques in whatever order is necessary to get the change.

But one of the things that is there's a there's an underlying system that these three techniques uh and the tinnies i'm talking about are magic frame uh color breathing and energy spinning these three techniques are uh form what i call the transformational triad they're they're based on an understanding of what what i could like to call the holographic nervous system um my belief based on the work of brent baum uh what i've learned from nlp and other forms of energy healing and how they view the neurology both physiologically from chinese medicine as well as energetically from chinese medicine um the the the the human nervous system processes vibrational data holographically now you don't need to know any of the stuff i'm about to talk to you about to make change and this is one of the reasons why when i when i do this the speed healing book. When i get around to it uh there will be one section that says got pain go here want to understand why it works or the theory behind it go here um. So we have to make a really strong distinction between understanding how the car works versus being able to drive it right. And.

So on a webinar like this i want to teach you how to drive the car not. So much how or why the car works. But sometimes our conscious mind needs a little bit of extra stuff. So there's two ways to keep people stuck in in life you give them way too much information or not enough and many times we actually get both at the same time and what i mean by that is we get a lot of information about something.

But it's the wrong kind of information it's the wrong information right. It's not what we actually needed to know to do the work and sometimes it's just too much information right. So there's a few things that i want to cover very very quickly that are operating principles of how to make this system your mind-body system actually work and create powerful change is it okay. To cover a little bit more theory and.

Then start knocking stuff out of the park you think if that's okay. Go ahead and type in the chat uh buffer monster's asking are you going to discuss how to reduce negativity increase positivity absolutely uh i would like to know the best breathing message the meditation method is to make changes you'll learn that pain relief in 60 seconds help with traumas anxiety and present moment and confidence perfect all of these things that you guys are listing you're going to be able to do with these three techniques can you go more is there more to go can you do more with it yes. But again if this is the scope of everything we could do we've got time for this. But if if you take this and again i recommend you re-watch this webinar multiple times take lots of notes do the drills get the skills if you apply the skills they will work for you okay.

You don't you don't gotta believe it this is this is the beauty of this you don't gotta believe it you just gotta do it okay. You just gotta do it and the more absorbed and playful you get with this information with these techniques the more powerfully they will work for you okay. So quick question how many of you would like to be 30 to 31 better at everything type in the chat if you'd like to if you'd like to be better at everything okay. If you type yes.

Here's what you need to do now this particular metric this particular statistic comes from one of the most playful fun-loving user-friendly environments on the planet hostage negotiation and yes. I'm kidding it's one of the most hostile environments on the planet. But what researchers discovered was what that when the hostage negotiator approached the interaction in a playful easygoing fun-loving mood he was thirty percent more creative thirty percent more reactive thirty percent more aware thirty percent more able to get his outcome and his counterpart was thirty percent more compliant okay. What we're starting to see now is that the more playful you are in your approach to everything even the most heinous on the planet the more power you bring to even richard bandler when he was he would talk about uh he knew he was being successful he was he was moving towards resolution when he could get his clients to laugh at their problems now that's an analog that's an aspect of being playful.

So the secret to this is be playful and be willing to pretend okay. If you can embrace those two things you're going to be able to do mega stuff with this i don't believe me just do it yeah chris voss okay. The more absorbed you become in this process the more deeply and more rapidly it will work for you. But don't let that hold you back because if you're not you know the less absorption you have you just got to do more reps because it's a body-centered approach to change it's going to integrate everything that nlp teaches and a whole lot more it's going to integrate energy psychology it's going to energy it's going to integrate holographic memory resolution um and lots of cool things.

So let's jump in to what i call body centered energy psychology okay. Here we go all right. So everything human beings do is metaphorical in nature and what i mean by that is that we are not in touch with reality we are in touch with a holographic representation of vibrational information that we believe is a visual auditory kinesthetical factor or gustatory uh attribute okay. So primary if i can just make this a little bigger here.

So information comes in as a primary experience it's filtered through the lenses of our neurology into visual auditory kinesthetic olfactory and gustatory data that data is reconstructed to create a representation of the way the world is okay. That information is projected simultaneously into the body and out of the body and our neurology interacts with it okay. This is an aspect of what we call your entero wrist in your pteroseptic nervous system or an enteroceptic neurology and your proprioceptive neurology now we all are familiar with the concept of an energy field right. And.

So the information that that we process and store and create is in two locations simultaneously it's there's a node inside of our body where all that information is accessible. But there's a corresponding projection somewhere out in your energy field that can be used to measure and manage it okay. Now we're gonna we're gonna actively operate this system. But i want to give you kind of a 50 000 foot view of what we're doing and why okay.

Part of the reason that sometimes nlp works and sometimes it doesn't sometimes energetics work and sometimes it doesn't is because the vast majority of systems operate either specifically in the mind only they operate specifically in the body only or they operate specifically in the energy field only what we want to do is we want to integrate the mind the body and the energy field. So that the whole is greater than the sum of the parts and there's a very simple set of rules that we follow to do that and when you do that you get very very powerful change very very quickly and ultimately it doesn't really matter what the problem is because like i said before everything that human beings experience is represented in this facade primary encoding system whether it's a feeling a belief a memory a daydream a desire a fantasy they're all built out of the same things. So if we understand how to interact with this we understand how to interact with this we understand how to interact with this we get a whole that's greater than the sum of the parts it's a multiplicative integrational effect okay. So what are the rules for this these are the rules okay.

We call this body-centered energy psychology the. First rule that we need you to follow when we start creating change is called somatic engagement in other words you must dynamically interact with the energy fields and the holographic metaphors that you're going to be playing with in other words you've got to get your body involved the more you physically act out the change the more powerful and rapid the change becomes also the more you act out the body the less conscious resistance you get okay. So everything we're going to do is going to involve you actively acting out the change work right. Some of that may be as simple as reaching out and touching it some of it may be a symbol is pointing to where you feel it some of it may be a little bit more um intricate okay.

We're gonna talk i want to talk to you about a concept that is very important to what we do it's called the somatic address for every single mental or physical construct that we have there is a specific location in the body where the feelings originate conscious or unconscious this is a holographic node where we can. But whereby we can access all of the interceptive information that is that is behind the problem the person is having okay. It doesn't matter what the problem is it doesn't matter let me go back to looking at you in the face let me say this utilizing this system with very few exceptions and i haven't found many that i can remember with very few exceptions it does not matter if the issue you're dealing with is physical mental or emotional they can be addressed through this vcog triple uh integrative system this this energy centered our energy or body centered energy psychotherapy okay. You can reprogram you can we've reprogrammed organs to function differently we've we've transmitted we've removed symptoms we've changed the course of diseases we've done all kinds of crazy and this is just my students doing this not just me.

But you don't got to believe it for it to work what you got to do is you've got to play with it you've got to step in and you've got to actually get the body engaged you've got to play pretend like when you're a little kid you've got to have absorption you've got to have focus now as we're getting into this let me talk about absorption and focus because a lot of people think they know what i mean when i say absorption and focus. So let's talk about absorption. First absorption means uh well we'll use this by way of of of just a quick how many of you by show have done or yes. In the chat room have ever been little children type that in the chat if you've ever been a little child if you've never been a little child probably should work on that i don't see anybody anybody wait where's my chat oh wait oh there's okay.

For some reason it wasn't showing all the new messages i hate when zoom does that all right. So how many of you when you were little children played pretend right. Now some of you know i'm gonna i'm gonna kind of gloss through this. But some of you when you play pretend some of you were tomboys some of you were tom girls right.

Some of you were uh tom neutral if i'm in california i have to get away with that right. Okay. So when you played pretend right. How many of you were how many of you were like soldiers or what was your type in this chat what your favorite thing to play pretend that was army lost in space okay.

Superhero indian product placement okay. Cooking okay. So let's just use this let's use a soldier example right. You're in the backyard you're five years old right.

And you're going to play soldier you're going to use your imagination to do it you're going to pretend there's a soldier. So you pick up a stick in the backyard right. Your five-year-old brain now you're five years old. But you're not an idiot right.

There's a part of your five-year-old brain that knows what you're holding is just a stick or a toy gun or whatever there's a part of you that doesn't know it's not real or that knows it's not real for about the. First five minutes because as you begin physically acting out being a soldier chucking and jiving killing the bad guys right. All of a sudden you're seeing the bad guys shooting back at you you're you're cut you're you're being rambo right. And you're killing all the bad guys you're seeing them fall and you're seeing things blow up in your mind you're interacting with these people right.

Or if you're you know maybe you're playing pretend you're playing with your dolls you're having little tea parties and your dolls are talking to each other you're talking to them or you're playing school teacher or whatever and the teachers are asking you questions and you're talking about this and you're seeing and hearing those things in your mind how many people had that experience type it in the chat if you've had that experience right. Okay. Here's the question when you were having those experiences were you asleep were you hypnotized that you know were you really absorbed in what you were doing were you having a ball were you having the best time ever okay. Ladies and gentlemen if you can do that here if you can be as little children as some of the people said if you can play pretend like when you were a five-year-old or a four-year-old and you can follow the instructions you can make any change that you want you can change almost anything almost anything i have to say almost okay.

Um the only question i can't predict is duration and degree. But everything is is influenceable okay. Now that's absorption that's that's what i'm going for when i say be as absorbed as possible in the process just be like a little kid playing pretend and it's going to be great right. The other thing is focus now focus i often use a movie amended for anybody here ever seen a movie if you've ever typed you know if you've ever been a movie type it in the chat right.

You know you know i often make this joke right. You know you go to the movie theater right. You got your best guy or girl on one side big ocean of popcorn in the other and you're walking down the aisle wondering which one's going to be more fun right. You sit down in the chair the lights go down the curtain opens and.

Then two and a half hours go by and you come out with an amazing experience right. And aside from that massive ache in your bladder because you watched all the cookies and all the um the little things they hide in the back of avengers or whatever can you tell me at what moment during that movie you became completely absorbed and focused the answer should be no. Because if you can tell me when you became focused and absorbed in that movie you probably weren't absorbed right. So when i talk about absorption i talk about focus this is what i'm talking about okay.

Playful absorbed focused point to where you feel it interact with the construct you're gonna be awesome you don't gotta believe it you don't this is a mechanical process it does not require you to have a belief system that says this is even remotely possible you just not you just have to avoid fighting the process okay. So are we ready to play yes. Or yes. Okay.

Three messages here one. Second okay. Good all right. So let's go back to our our body center energy psychotherapy list somatic address everything that your body processes is going to have a physical body location what we need to do is going to have two locations remember i said that everything we do is going to have a location in the physical body.

But there's also going to be a correlate in the energy field around us. So one of the things we must do is we must create multiple access points from the body the mind and the energies okay. And that's what we're going to do the fastest easiest way to do that is just point to where you feel it reach out and touch it okay. So write that down this is your methodology okay.

Point to where you feel it reach out and touch it. So i'm going to go back to this diagram now now here's what we're going to do we're going to do one exercise together pardon me while i uh get rid of some of this stuff that's in the way here okay. So the. First technique we're going to practice is called magic frame magic frame allows us the negativity that the body is hesitant to get rid of okay.

So here's what i want you to do i want you to pick something that you want to change that has an intensity level of about zero to or one to three hold on a. Second uh genevieve is asking is the law of attraction course part of the package yes. It is okay. Pick something that you want to change that has an intensity level of zero to three type it in the chat what you want to change okay.

Perfect. So here's what we're going to do we're going to do this together as a group i'm going to guide you through this okay. We're going to do this together as a group we're going to clear one thing together. Then what i'm going to do is i'm going to outline the steps for you.

So that you can do it on your own. So you can understand it okay. Allergy to eggs all right. Uh sue that may we may be well let's see worse comes to horrible um will at least minimize it okay.

There may be some other things that you have to do on top of that. But it may not sometimes these things surprise me um these things are still very much we're still trying to find the limits of these things just make sure because i know you're going to do this to me you always do i say pick something that is challenging on a challenge level of a one to three instead of a 10. But people almost always try to slip in godzilla all right. And you can and if i'm working with you in person i'm not at the mercy of an internet connection have at it if you're working with somebody in a live event have at it okay.

Um this stuff can work very well. But most of us don't have the history of success with these techniques that we need to have to be to be self-directed. So here's what i want you to do pick something you want to change close your eyes. Remember that time in your life remember that moment and notice as you do when you see what you see and you hear what you hear and you smell and you taste what you smell and you taste there's a feeling that you get and there's a feeling somewhere in your body where that rises up okay.

Point to where you feel it now if there were a picture floating in the space around you a picture that represents that feeling a picture that you could reach out and touch where would you reach out to touch it go ahead and reach out and touch that picture with your other hand trace the outline of it with both of your hands. So you know how big it is reach out grab the picture expand the picture. So it's as big as the room notice what happens to the feelings in your body shrink the picture down to it to smaller than it was notice what happens to the feelings in your body and bring it back to its original size [Music] okay. Now without changing the size of the picture slowly pull the picture closer to your body notice what happens move the picture further away from your body notice what happens right.

Okay. Good now what i want you to do is i want you to use your imagination i want you to imagine you could take a bic a big thick black picture frame and put a big black picture frame around that picture that you want to change around that feeling and that experience that you want to change okay. Once you've got that most of you are probably too young to remember when televisions had real dials and knobs and switches instead of touch screens and remote controls. But i want you to feel along the base of that frame you're going to notice some dials and knobs and switches like on an old style television i want you to find the knob that controls the brightness or the contrast and i want you to turn that knob all the way to the right.

Until the image wipes out completely notice how that makes you feel when you've got that turn the knob all the way to the left until the image blacks out completely notice how that makes you feel and decide which one you like better if you like if you like it white it out turn it all the way to the white if you like it blacked out turn it all the way to the left when you've got that and you're satisfied take the index finger of your dominant hand in glowing golden letters i want you to write on that whited out or blacked out screen everything this experience had to teach you everything it's trying to do for you positive or negative. So you can keep all those lessons and let everything else go now i'm going to tell you right. Up front some people the minute you start doing this they know exactly what to write they got no. Problem writing it some people have no.

Conscious idea what to write. But there's a part of you that always knows. So just let that finger start writing whatever it's going to write some people don't know what the to do. So they just draw squiggles some people draw pictures every now and.

Then some rebellious says you you across the screen some people write with both hands simultaneously writing chinese and hebrew at the same time. However your body does it just let your body express what it needs to express keep writing let the feelings come up let them come out put them on the screen. So you can keep all those lessons and let everything else go and when you've got that when you everything is on that screen and just keep going i'm going to keep talking. But you keep writing until you know you're done i've had people write for 20 minutes not a problem if a feeling comes up put it on that screen if you start to have weird bodily sensations and physical responses that's the process of your neurology transforming keep writing until you know it's done when you know it's done reach up shrink that frame and everything in it down to the size of a postage stamp or even smaller float it up over the top of your head see feel and hear it disappear behind the horizon and when you know it's disappeared behind the horizon you know the sound and a hammer makes when it's banging on a nail or a nail gun makes piercing and feel it nailed back there for all eternity impossible to come back when you know it's nailed back there for all eternity impossible to come back all i want you to do is test it try to bring that old feeling back and notice what happens instead and type in the chat what happens instead sigh of relief kathleen says perfect it's stuck gone perfect relief right.

Chest tightness is gone excellent right. This is how fast transformation can be when all of the systems of the human neurology work together speaking a common language okay. Now you can utilize this process is the black cloud just i don't know what i have to go back and look. At that it's reduced.

But not totally calm that's perfectly okay. Louise there's a couple of parameters is david on zoom or not in this chat i'm on both alex i'm i'm in the chat. But i'm also on zoom. So there's a little bit of a delay between when i speak on zuma when it shows up in your chat don't feel it gone how about that right.

Now here's the beautiful part about this you can do this for everything it's a was it a very was it a hard process [Music] was it a hard process or was it simple right. Only took. Us a gazillion years to figure it out. But once we did change happens right.

Now that's the basic technique anything you want to change point to where you feel it reach out and touch it put a big black frame around it white or blacken it out write the lesson shrink it down move it behind you nail it back there try to bring it back and notice what happens instead that's it. But in that. But now we could spend weeks unpacking every little piece of every nuance of what happened in that three-minute technique. But you can do that how often should you do this god force as often as you want to uh egr nhl says how many times a day does it work for areas of eights nines and tens yes.

The difference is when you're working on the eights nines and tens it's a good idea to have somebody else guiding you through it because there's a there's a this level of neurological arousal that you have to learn to deal with and manage that's not always easy uh when you're dealing with the godzilla size stuff. But mechanically it's exactly the same. So jaxtee is asking um one. Second and the kind of cool thing is we can help others with that technique yes.

In fact in fact helene's. First experience was actually using this on her students she's an elementary school teacher. But my english writing is not good i'm trying to find there was a question i'm trying to get back to it. But i may have to i actually did do an eight nine or ten.

But i do feel a lot more resolution yeah brittany because i was guiding you through it right. The idea there's a there's a methodology that i want you to use when you use this technique okay. And it's called bucket listing and it's a way of reorganizing and disidentifying from the traumatic in your life okay. Britney says i felt like an expert you were an expert once you un once you realize how the system actually works in simple mechanical steps you can go to town with this i have people transform every aspect of their life by this jack says 12s jack again if you're going to do this on things that are have that high level of emotional intensity to them it's always better to have somebody guiding external guiding you through it.

But if you follow the process that i'm going to outline you have a high degree of probability of success because you've built the requisite repetitions to get the eights nines tens elevens and twelves okay. So um can we talk is it should we talk about that should we talk about that aspect of it or not okay. Because some people okay. Buffer says most techniques have a limit to best make improvements are there any best times of day for this technique i recommend you do it uh as close to a hypnagogic state as possible.

But honestly any time i've had people do this in lines at starbucks and lines at the airport we do this again one of the mottos of real world hypnosis uh which is what we certify you as is the ability to do these things anytime anywhere under any circumstances for any reasons okay. So uh paul is saying yes. Please talk about the aspect of it the eights nines and tens with another person okay. So we give this process a funny name we call it bucket listing.

But for those of you who really want to start to transform and maybe don't have the the revenue to go see somebody to guide you through it you're a consummate do-it-yourselfer this is the way you must i recommend that you train yourself to change yourself okay. It's gonna cause it's gonna require you to do some steps to set it up. But if you set it up and you work the system the way i show you changing yourself is going to be much much easier adrian says make sure you're not driving when you do this yes. That is true that is absolutely true all right.

So let's go back to my onenote let's see here all right. We'll go with we'll just scroll down here all right. I want to talk to you about a process called bucket listing bucket listing is a process [Music] of d identifying and reorganizing chromatic events okay. Now we probably need to define what i mean when i say trauma because some of the we have we wouldn't think of is traumatic.

So when we talk about trauma what we're talking about is any perceived violation physical emotional boundary the key word here is perceived okay. [Music] now if it's a limiting belief that belief is usually connected to some kind of traumatic event okay. So you can just we can lump them all together what we do is we start with the most traumatic thing or the most problematic thing in our lives. So um there's two ways you can approach this you can do this free form [Music] or you can do this in a uh by theme [Music] freeform means you just randomly list stuff maybe one thing maybe when you're doing random stuff maybe it's a fear.

Next one might be a limiting belief [Music] the. Next thing might be a physical pain these are this is a random process okay. Limiting belief physical pain uh random trauma right. So we could just make a list of all these things and organize them by intensity.

So maybe the random trauma has an intensity level of 10. the limiting belief has an intensity level of five the physical pain has an intensity level of three right. So we organize them by most intense to least intense okay. That's the random approach or we could take a thematic approach [Music] let's say on any particular day i want to work on all the fears i have [Music]. So.

First thing i'm going to list is the level 10 fears maybe i have a phobia of heights right. Maybe i have a fear of intimacy your rejection success these are all my fears right. I list all my fears and. Then i look.

At them and i decide okay. Um fear is a height says a level 10. it's a phobia it's usually 10 plus right. Intimacy is you know a level 4 rejection is a level six success is a level three right. And.

So what i want to do now is i want to take this list of fears and i want to organize them from highest to lowest and. Then when i'm ready when i have the list complete okay. I start with the level the level threes and the level fours and i work my way up. So ideally you would have a list that goes all the way from level 10 all the way down to zero right.

You would start at the level one to zero you would burn out all the fears that you have all the fears that you have that have a level one intensity. Then you would work on all the fears that you have that have a level two intensity. Then you work on all the fears that you have that have a level three intense and you would just keep going up the scale until you're at the h9s and tense okay. Does that make sense jack says nerf spinal damage car wreck um jack there's there we've had people actually significantly mitigate the uh nerve damage using this technique i won't say it's gonna happen with everyone.

But it has a huge it can have a significant impact um because even your your physical pains and all those things are still built they're still built in the derivatives of the same holographic system um and if you go to um some of our videos on the youtube channel like instant emergency pain relief and things of that nature you'll see us using these these same exact same techniques on very intense um traumatic physical pain. So um. Anyway. So are you guys with me.

So far are you following the bucket list idea okay. So. So here's what i need you to do now okay. I need you to take let's take five minutes take five minutes and and make a bucket list of things you want to change now you can do it free form like i outlined or you can do it thematically you know all the limiting beliefs you have you can do fears you can do sadness you could anything that bothers you will work with this okay.

You want to do physical issues right. You can do that. But the idea is once you have it written down you gotta write this down okay. This is important and you gotta look.

At them and you gotta reorganize them by most traumatic or most problematic most intense to least intense that's actually jack why this like this particular technique is really good because if there's any reason why you need to keep it it will it will take it'll take away the aspect that that is that is okay. To get rid of and it'll keep everything else many times when we have residual nerve pain things of that nature a lot of the residual is actually superfluous we don't need to keep it. But the system doesn't have a very clean way of getting rid of it. So this is provides an alternative alternative progress a reprocessing mechanism for the neurology.

But test it and see how well you do okay. But when you when you've got your bucket list done just type done in the chat and we'll we'll move on with the. Next part of the process feels like a driving force okay. And we what you would probably want to do is you probably want to explore that a little bit more in depth.

So i would recommend you make an appointment with one of our folks or use like our stems technique um or the identity by design processes and self-mastery supercharger to help you really redefine what you want to do with that you can also transform those sensations into something that's less problematic for you a lot of ways to change that okay. When pain is is returning there's one of two reasons why that is hey there's a safety lesson attached to it that is trying it's that that is still active and it hasn't been uh reprocessed the other is there's something biomechanically that you're doing that's re-aggravating the problem [Music] okay. Those are the two big those are the two big variables you're welcome jack how can we use this to help with g80 without it risking going out of control uh what is gad okay. Jefferson says done okay.

Cool all right. Uh heidi if we have time i'll come back and cover stem's technique um. But for those of you who are platinum members if you're if you're members of our platinum level on youtube i just did a uh a two a three hour ask me anything class where we we actually taught the stems technique. So if you're one of our our platinum youtube members you can go right.

Into your your members area on youtube and watch the ama from this monday does this help with ptsd hundred percent okay. Kate williams asked does this help with ptsd 100 in fact this is actually one of our go-to ptsd protocols generalized anxieties yes. This one this can't help with that i'm not up on all the acronyms. But generalized anxiety yes.

Yes. Blanket determines yes. It can i don't say it will it can right. Because you gotta watch what you say uh on the internet you know the ftc is very very specific about what i'm allowed to say and what i'm not in spite of my feelings to the contrary okay.

But yes. I have a lot of clients who use this on all forms of anxiety all forms of fears phobias traumas physical pain mental pain emotional pain does not matter okay. So here's our process we're gonna start with the level ones says i've had nice success with magic frame for post-traumatic stress disorder yes. Absolutely okay.

All right. So once again let's go back to my my uh my onenote. So here's how this works you take the level one you're gonna point to where you feel it okay. So let's say i have a level one problem and when i think about it and i feel it in my body i feel it here and i asked myself a question if there was a picture floating [Music] space around me a picture i could reach out and touch where would i reach out to touch it the moment you ask yourself that question pay attention to the.

First thing that comes up that's your answer whether you agree with it consciously or not the. First thing that comes up is what you work with. Then what you're going to do you're going to point to where you feel are you going to reach out and touch the picture. So the short see if i can shorten this up.

So where do you feel it reach out touch it frame around it the control knobs white out or black out the image write the lessons on the screen shrink it down load it behind you back there [Music] try to bring it back notice what happens instead okay. So those are the steps if you want to take a screenshot of this you can. So once again we have an ouchie in our body that we want to change we reach out touch the picture we blacken out or whiten out the screen and. Then what do we do we shrink it we move it behind us all the way back behind the horizon we nail it back there when we know it's nailed back there for all eternity we try to bring it back notice what happens instead and you're done with this particular process ladies and gentlemen it does not matter it does not matter if it's a physical pain or emotional pain or something in between they all respond in the same way this is called the magic frame technique it's designed specifically to address issues that have a secondary gain connected to them in other words a reason for holding on to it.

So we start there susan says how do i become a platinum member go to the community tab on your uh on your youtube homepage and there should be a link to uh to join the subscription level okay. So for those of you who are joining us late we've just covered a very powerful technique known as the magic frame um can we see the text again for the screenshot sure hold on let me see if i can i can center this for you a little bit. So i've gotta give you a little space here that should be good enough for for what you need point to where you feel it reach out and touch it make a frame around it use the control knobs to wider blacken out the image write the lessons on the screen uh shrink it down float it behind you nail it back there try to bring it back notice what happens instead now what you're going to want to do uh when when you guys are done with the screenshot just not just type done in this in the chat and. So i can i can go back to talking to you face to face because there's a lot more i want to teach you today it's 10 pm and i need more espresso for this done okay.

Good all right. So let's talk a little bit about this technique the technique itself is actually quite simple now this is one of three techniques that i call the transformational triad the other two techniques are colored framing or color breathing and energy spinning okay. A couple of things about this particular technique a it is about 10 to 20 percent of the time when people start writing stuff they're going to get emotional they're going to start to cry or wheeze or choke or cough or twitch or yawn or sn or or whatever and there's a part of you that's going to want to make them stop don't keep them writing whatever feelings and emotions come up right. Physically have them write it out the one of the ma the major pieces of this doesn't seem like a big deal.

But there's two major pieces of this the. First one is point to where you feel it reach out and touch it okay. The point to where you feel it reach out and touch it creates multiple bridges from the organic aspects of the nervous system to the vibrational and and subjective levels of the nervous system it creates multiple on-ramps to the same location it activates more areas of the brain than just doing it in your head right. And this is one of the things this is one of the reasons why you get such profound change.

So quickly is because all of the brain and body's resources are being organized and mobilized to a specific location for a specific issue they're speaking they're all speaking in a language each division of your neurology understands. So the. First and piece is a point to where you feel it reach out and touch it trace the outline of it this is the somatic engagement part now we make it bigger we make it smaller move it up we move it down those are things you can do to amplify and really uh clarify and move get the static out of the bridge that you've created. But you don't need to do it for beginners right.

Blacken or whiten out the screen write the letters have them physically write out everything if they start to ab react they start to have emotional venting or purging processes make sure they don't stop writing you have to keep writing everything that comes up emotionally have them write it on the screen okay. Because one of the problems that we have one of the reasons that bad feelings make us sick is because they're locked in the body and it has no. Way to come out the body doesn't care how it comes out as long as it comes out. So you can verbalize it you can write it you can you can do all kinds of interesting things.

So this is one of the most useful and effective ways for the body to express things it can't verbalize okay. The the inability to verbalize a traumatic experience or put a name to it in trauma circles is called alexa thymia it's the inability to put a name to something okay. The writing aspect allows the subconscious and the autonomic nervous system to vent all the emotional charge. So it's easier to let it go now there's a when you go back and you review this video there's a couple of catch phrases that i want you to use a keep all the lessons and let everything else go you can't say that too many times keep all the lessons write everything out on the street we've got all the lessons out on the screen.

So you can keep all the lessons and let everything else go that that one sentence creates magic the. Next important phrase is notice how you're feeling shift and change as you as that's that uh frame flies over the top of your head back beyond the horizon you know the sound a nail gun makes when you're banging on a nail make the sound effects act out the change bring it to life okay. When you know here's a key phrase when you know it's nailed back there for all eternity impossible to come back when you know it's nailed back there for all eternity impossible to come back test it try to bring that old feeling back and notice what happens instead try to bring that old feeling back and notice what happens instead laguna beach asks can you still hide behind keeping your eyes. Shut.

But still point absolutely yeah that doesn't seem to be a factor too much in this okay. Now one of three things is going to happen maybe four one of four things could happen a they're going to try to bring the old feeling back it's gone can't come can't bring it back they're going to try to bring the old feeling back the new feeling is going to get stronger. Third possibility is um they try to bring the old you ask them to bring the old feeling back or try to bring the old feeling back they look. At you and they say i don't want it back right.

Now there's one other possibility. But that just tells you there's something else you need to do and that is a lot of times there's more than one issue connected to that theme and. So there's a little sometimes there'll be a little bit of a residual feeling and. Then you just repeat the process on the residual feeling and it'll go away sometimes it's a different experience sometimes it's a different memory that's just connected to that one sometimes there's another safety lesson for the route for that particular experience that needs to be retained you just won't repeat the process until they're gone.

So michael's asking does it work in the heat of battle not just afterwards um i'm gonna go on a limb here michael and say if if you're trying to do this in the heat of the battle this is probably not the best time to try and do this uh because you're in battle. So you've got your mind on other things okay. Um questions about this process okay. So for those of you who joined us late that we are offering a special one-time deal this is secrets of personality transformation general ultra mind control training home study course it's a for this the technique we just did is actually the the.

Second technique taught uh in the identity by design silo. So you see just what one of these techniques can do you learn all seven plus a whole bunch more in this program it's got 14 videos it's got the seven stage identity by design system plus the manual it's a two thousand four hundred and ninety seven dollar value plus the online community amplifier master my memory program which is absolutely priceless if you want to take your skills to a whole new level we're going to throw in the identity by design hypnotherapy home study course valued at 1497. we're also going to include the hidden laws of attraction mind magic and manifestation home study course this is our premier law of attraction training it's a 1497 value we're going to include that absolutely free we're going to give you the stealth cpi level one universal persuasion protocol how to make anyone you want like trust and leave you and eagerly do what you say 1 950 value we're going to give that to you absolutely free we're also going to include the renegade reframing objection obliteration and speed conversational belief change home study course valued at 1 950 and for those of you who sign on before the end of the webinar today we're going to include the stealth instant conversational hypnosis crash course valued at uh 997 dollars we're going to throw in the analytic power mastermind mentoring practice group trial program three months for 594 value absolutely free for you and of course for the. First 15 people to register we're going to throw in that free vip ticket to any single live event in our 2021 2019 our 2022 calendar uh it's a 2250 value um we're gonna give it to you absolutely free total value for this package today today only is twelve thousand nine hundred thirty two dollars for those of you who know this will take your life to the. Next level who have had some significant change in the.

Last half hour half an hour or. So this is just the beginning i encourage you i i really uh urge you to grab one of those few remaining slots and come to our live event in january 27th through the 31st and uh you can get it all for one low installment of just 9.97 or if you need help you need a little bit of time you can break that up into three easy payments of just 397 each and all you got to do to get on the fast track to becoming the best version of yourself to get the life you want the way that you want it by being getting the things you want that make you happy and being happy with the things you want all you got to do is go to www.nlpower.com forward slash mental training secrets that's www.nlpower.com forward slash mental training secrets or you can call stephanie at 858 282 4663 and she will happily help you answer any questions that you have um and again this is this this offer is really only good until the uh this area here this this is only good until i log off the webinar or until 11 59 pm tonight whichever comes. First okay. Um let me take some questions and.

Then we'll come back and we'll do some more stuff what about arthritis uh yes. We've had people use it robert we've had people use this for arthritis i've used this on for people with scoliosis i've used it for arthritis i've used it for nerve pain uh i've used it for neuropathy um some forms of phantom limb i've worked with a little bit adrian says i usually pay by western union i have not used a credit card years well if you want to do something western union reach out to stephanie and see what she can work out biofeedback back not sure what that means kg says fyi youtube notifications aren't working not sure what that means what note i'm using it now now. But allergy is still making me ill okay. You need to give your body some time to process okay.

Allergies are usually some not. So i would not recommend that you try this on an allergy initially because unless you have somebody guiding you through the process okay. Because usually allergies have a little bit more behind them okay. But the.

Next technique might help you that i'm going to share how do we overcome financial ceiling with the help of magic frame method okay. Well that's a great question i've got an identity on law of attraction it's. So good i really recommend it courses are mind-blowing will there be a q a um a q a for what all right. You guys ready for the.

Next one yes. Yes. Okay. So this.

Next technique is one that's a little bit well it's about as old i've been doing it about as long as um the magic frame technique they usually do it go hand in hand together. So this. Next technique that we're going to talk about again works on the idea of being playful pointing to where you feel it playing pretend again taking in mind now that we're we're using a bucket this is everything i'm teaching you now presupposes we're doing a bucket listing approach. So we're going to do this.

First to feel good how many people here buy by the show of hands by the way can feel good for no. Freaking reason of course seth says yes. Okay. Okay.

So here's what we're going to do we're going to do a pleasure-based technique. First to amplify the amount of pleasure we can feel. Then i'm going to show you how to clean up with it is that does that sound like a good plan cool all right. So here's what i want you know everybody stand if you're driving don't be doing this wait until you have a chance to listen to the replay okay.

So you're going to close your eyes. And i want you to think back to a time in your life when you felt the most amazing thrilling fulfilling satisfying pleasure imaginable not that one no. I'm teasing i don't care i'm not the pleasure police i just want i i'm not gonna ask you what feeling you're having or what what the pleasure was what you were doing who you were with how many laws you were breaking how many state lines you crossed what substance is you i don't care all i care about is when you think about that most amazing most powerful most like lust provoking pleasurable experience that if you had a chance to experience that again you would take off like a rocket when you remember that feeling remember what you saw remember what you heard remember what you smelled and what you tasted and most importantly where in your mon learn your body when that feeling came up did you feel it take a moment point to where you feel it and close your eyes. And look.

At that spot with your inner eyes. And i want you to notice that there's a color maybe even a series of colors connected to those amazing feelings notate in your mind what color or colors that might be for you. First impression and on the scale of zero to ten rate the intensity of that amazing wonderful feeling and when you know you've got that i want you to reach in to that spot where all that pleasure is i want you to reach in with both your hands grab all that energy take it out and hold it in your hands in front of you make sure you get it all because you don't want to miss a single drop of this all-encompassing body thrilling goodness and i don't care how long it takes just keep pulling till you got it all when you got it all i want you to look. At it i want you to notice did the color change or stay the same.

First impression and now what i want you to do is i want you to take that i want you to notice it's moving it's spinning in a certain direction notice what direction it's moving or spinning. First impression now what i want you to do is i want you to grab it with both of your hands and i want you to play with it i want you to play with the direction it's spinning until you find the direction that makes it even better that makes it makes an irresistibly orgasmic transformational spiritual blissful whatever the word is i want you to find that perfect direction when you find that new direction i want you to grab with both your hands and spin it like a wheel i want you to double the spin double the speed double the force double the magnitude keep doubling it over and over and over again until it takes on a life of its own until it's impossible for it to go back the way it was when you know you've got it impossible for it to go back the way it was slam it into that spot notice the change notice it's strong notice as this new energy works its way deeper and deeper and deeper into your body any program any belief any memory any experience that's not in harmony with this new set of instructions your neurology is going to begin to shed it's going to begin to purge like a snake shedding its skin like old software being uninstalled by newer better more powerful software there's no. Need to measure there's no. Need to manage it there's no.

Need to make it happen faster just notice that process taking place allow it to install itself completely and when you know it's done you know it's locked in only getting stronger impossible to go back the way it was test it try to turn that good feeling off and notice what happens instead now many times as this new program works its way deeper and deeper and deeper into your neurology many people go through all kinds of interesting transformations and sensations some people break out in a sweat some people laugh some people yawn some people cry some people twitch some people just feel waves of ecstasy and emotion coming up. However your body expresses it it's just the neurological reset periods just your neurology resetting itself the emotional detox there's no. Need to measure it manage it or make it happen faster just notice that process taking place allow it to install itself completely and when you know it's done test it try to bring the whole feeling back try to turn the new feeling off and notice what happens instead okay. And when you've got when you're done type in the chat what you experienced ashlyn.

Then magic frame at. First do a magic frame on the pleasure and. Then redo it ecstasy victor says euphoria fire hope that's good fire total peace feeling good and calm very good hope that's in the package offer tonight yes. It is everything i'm doing is in the package.

So if you're wondering everything i'm sharing with you is actually in the package that we're offering tonight. So i highly recommend um you grab one of those few remaining opportunities okay. Here's those links again just in case green abundance yes. Old factory scent i mean i think you need old factory senses there michael spread it around like butter feeling good and calm excellent now what you did there kashif says surreal agnes says really alex that's.

Next level feeling safe excellent now the version of energy spitting that i just did with you can be used for things you want to get rid of or things you want to make better. So let's say you have something that you really really love to feel and you want it to be stronger point to where you feel it look. Inside rate it notice the color take it out find the direction that makes it better spin it faster and faster and faster until it's impossible for it to go back the way it was slam it back in and hold it hold it until the process uh is installed and. Then try to bring the new the old feeling back try to turn the new feeling off and notice what happens instead alex says tasted peppermint.

So weird right. Again richard bandler is fond of saying you know most human beings haven't tapped into a tenth of what their neurology is capable of my experience is that that number is probably way overstated it's probably less than one percent and i haven't found the top limit to a lot of these technologies. But i do know that the whole is greater than the sum of the parts. So when you start to bring these things together um literal magic can happen.

But you don't and the best part is guys gals you don't need to believe it you just gotta do it you understand i try to sanitize the need to believe something as much out of the technologies that we use as possible and distill them down to pure principle and mechanics and if you follow the mechanics you'll get the results okay. How does one override the pheromones of a past lover when its presence is sensed very easily point to where you feel it notice the color notice the direction it's moving change the direction of the spin until it's what you want instead when you find the direction that gives you the experience you want instead spin it faster in that direction keep spinning it until it automates till it takes on a life of its own until it's impossible for it to go back the way it was when you're certain it can't go back slam it back into the spot hold it until it engages okay. Now one of several things will happen when you do this a it'll go away it won't come back if you try to bring it back the new feeling will get stronger b you try to bring it back uh they can't c they try to bring it back they get pissed off and say it i don't want it back and it won't come back many times what will happen is you'll you'll if you say you're doing something that's a level nine you spin it it drops to a five spin it again goes from the five to a three spin it again just keep spinning it until it zeros out if it goes away comes back magic frame it. Then spin it okay.

There's a very specific reason why i taught the techniques i'm teaching in the order i'm teaching them. So david is saying or alex is saying if you have someone that's intently seducing you and they go cold to evoke a sense of desire how do you not fall for the desire. First thing is recognize what they're doing as a tactic to manipulate you and do something else secret to a lot of the the dating tactics that involve some form of fractionation or freeze-outs is recognizing the tactic and reframing it uh lechneg says david i know you can manifest in a physical thing in the world. But why is it.

So difficult a specific person is a lover there's lots of reasons why that could be most of them have to do with you know usually it's the person doing the manifesting and the and again mindset and skill set okay. Sometimes there's a a basic incompatibility between the person you are on the inside and the vibrational signature of the person you're trying to attract sometimes it's behavioral sometimes it's other things with the other person there's a lot of nuances to that question for those by the way i don't know if you guys are interested or not. But i'm actually doing a by invitation only four day training in february february 17th through the 20th we're doing a course called attraction mastery it's a four day psychology of a love and attraction certification boot camp for men and women and it's a deep dive into the art and science of creating attraction of meeting people and finding ideal relationships for love sex and other forms of sensual fulfillment it's not a course that we're actively advertising all that much. So if uh if you're interested in that you can use your vip ticket for it it's in february in las vegas you can ask stephanie about it um and we will go deep into the questions like um like lek is asking and things of that nature it's both for men and women.

So we'll be teaching things to women that they need to know we're teaching things to men that they need to know and in a perfectly safe and friendly environment uh you'll be able to practice with each other to get good. So right. Seth has actually been to some of our uh uh we've done other attraction courses before. So i invite you to come out right.

Um it's fun no. Sex in class no. Absolutely no. Sex in class for those who are interested in more of body things we actually have an erotic hypnosis training it's called sensuality enhancement coming up in august in las vegas.

But most people aren't ready for that yet. So alex says powerful what's an example of reframing just seeing that it's manipulation and not falling for it yeah you could literally just say you know i'll bet that that intentional freeze-out thing that you do works on a lot of other aspiring pickup artists. But it doesn't work on me right. Where i come from people who do that are considered rude and and not worth the time of day right.

So you literally just put another frame either meaning around what they're doing right. You know you could say when they do the freeze you say i know in your world it you think it's generating attraction. But in my world it's just pigeonholing you as a manipulative right. You you put a new meaning to the behavior and that's what renegade reframing will let you do uh like when you're faced with those kinds of behaviors you just pull one of these 14 bullets out of the renegade reframing course and boom you hit them with a thunderbolt and they don't know they go speechless they don't know what to say okay.

Asks how to improve intelligent logical ability for coding that would take a slightly you'd have to ask a better question we didn't have time to go into the semantic search engine concept today. But um. But that's part of the process if you when you get the package you'll get a full deep dive into energy centered hypnotherapy which has the all the somatic components and what we call the somatic search engine concept the somatic search engine concept is an understanding of the autonomic nervous system of a human being seeks to answer any question you put to it regardless of how shitty the question is. So if you want better uh better results from your neurology you have to ask better questions can magic frame be used for tackling the financial stealing yes.

If you can conceive of it and verbalize it you can use magic frame to fix it uh adrian says i use a state of meditation i use this he says use the word yeah don't use hypnosis because what we're doing is actually outside the realms of most classical hypnosis. Anyway you're better off calling it something very sciencey like psychosomatic neuromodulation or or whatever agnes says you want to attract not to do build reporting connection okay. So has this been useful for you guys did you guys learn some some cool stuff. So real quick type type in the chat for me what using these techniques is going to do for you what's it going to let you do now that you couldn't do before just.

So i know i'm not utterly failing in my attempt to treat you to give you something powerful my questions go way beyond this come to the class come to the training jacks get one of those vip tickets come to the live event and ask anything you want i like making people laugh free of limiting beliefs yeah. So useful cool you guys have fun work with wife's pain excellent and this spinning technique by the way i have actually used to reverse nerve damage and bring sensation back to uh basically dead nerve and i've used it on three times for various cases of neuropathy both from tbis as well as circulatory very openly opinionated that's that's one way of putting it many beliefs confidence perfect all right. So listen if you had a great time a couple of things a if if you've been on the when am i coming to the uk as soon as i open the as soon as they open the borders and we can set up a date i'll be out there can i use it for a skin issue yes. I've actually used this for psoriasis i've used this for skin picking i've used this for some herpes outbreaks some acute herpes outbreaks um i think i've used it for anhydrosis or excessive sweating for fertility issues yes.

Genevieve you could use it with fertility issues with the caveat that there's probably a little bit more complex stuff going on there. But the short answer is yes. Um my mother-in-law has shingles under her right. Boob how to point to where you all right.

That's a great question one of the things we're going to cover in in the identity by design training um is that we when we start using the spin technique especially for um physiological illness which is where i started using it by the way. First time i started using it was for physical problems um we have to make a distinction between acute and chronic uh herpes infections are generally considered chronic. So there's going to be two types of question that you ask you ask a stem question and a root question a stem and group meat is something that goes back to chinese medicine. So in the short term if you want to get rid of the pain and the aggravation.

Then you just point to where you feel it reach out spin it put it back in that should neutralize the acute flare-up if you want to start to address more of the chronic aspects of it you have to use a slightly different question and that question is there's a reason that feeling is there and there's a feeling connected to that reason point to where in your body the feeling connected to the reason the symptom is there is located and once you find that secondary location which is really the primary location you spin that. First i would magic frame it and. Then spin it bernardini says this technique will help me relieve my back pain for a while. But it comes back after a while.

Then you've got bernard what do you want to do now is you want to frame magic frame the pain. First the back pain the reasons for the back pain and. Then you want to spin it and see what happens okay. If for some reason it doesn't completely mitigate which is rare.

But it does happen. Then you want to start to address if there's anything biomechanically that you're doing that's re-aggravating or re-injuring the spot um see michael says heart fields that day went dark okay. I'm not sure what that's about okay. All right.

Real quick one one. Last chance to do this for you guys for those of you who have been on the fence these are two of the techniques that you'll be learning as well as all the theory that goes into it you'll be able to do this for yourself you'll be able to do this for other people we're going to give you the secrets of personality transformation ultra mind control home study course this is a 14 video course that teaches you the seven stage identity by design system and manual to 2497 value comes with a complete access to our online community which is absolutely priceless you're going to get the bonus identity by design hypnotherapy home study course right. At 1 497 uh you've got the hidden laws of attraction our our premier law of attraction and manifestation program is 1497 value we're going to give that to you absolutely free as part of this program it has all the lucky traits in it it has all the information. Then the ultimate manifestation engine in it we're going to teach you and give you the stealth cpi level one universal persuasion protocol about it at 1 950 we're going to give you renegade reframing objection obliteration in the art of conversational belief speech to speed conversational belief change about it at 1 950 and.

Finally the fast action bonuses stealth instant conversational hypnosis crash course valued at 997 dollars we're going to give that to you absolutely free we're going to give you the nlp power mastermind mentoring program three-month trial membership plus the archive about it 594. and. Then. Finally for those 15 people those special super committed 15 people who want to get in a room with me for three four five days and get this stuff put into them at levels that are super human in many cases for those of you who really want that level of personal attention there's that free vip super ticket that lets you attend any single live event in our 2021 calendar 2022 calendar total value anywhere between 1 950 to 2 250 we're gonna give that to you absolutely free if you register for the secrets of personality transformation program before i log off this webinar today you can get all of the 12 932 dollars of unstoppable empowering tools and technologies that will transform you've seen in just a few a few short hours a couple short hours what two basic techniques can do imagine what the entire system and all the tools that go with it will allow you to do connect that to the reason why you jumped on this webinar and do what you got to do it's all yours for one low investment of just 9.97 or if you need to break it up three easy installments of just 3.97 each work it out with stephanie all you got to do all you got to do is go to www.nlpower.com forward slash mental dash secrets forward slash mental dash secrets or if you need to if you have questions if you need to substitute something out if you need to do you know you've got duplications or you want to customize your package in some way just reach out to stephanie at 858 three 282-4663 will help you she is the ultimate administrative goddess and uh if she has anything there's something she can answer she's gonna refer right. To me.

Anyway okay. So that being said uh i'm gonna i'm just gonna take a few minutes take a few more questions and. Then i'm gonna turn you guys loose go out into the world and get everything you want okay. Some of you guys are really funny already contacted her boy is she fast yes.

She is. Last time we did this we sold out in like an hour once we i started letting people do this we sold out by the way for those of you who are chomping at the bit uh let me put this up here january 27 to 31st 2021 las vegas nevada we're doing our. Next five day real world hypnosis identity by design hypnosis and hypnotherapy certification boot camp you can use that vip ticket to walk right. In the door all you got to do is click that link get your civ aip ticket and show up matthew i recommend if you got questions about the entire program just go ahead and reach out to stephanie she will answer every question that you have attraction mastery in february yeah i haven't written the sales letter for it yet that describes everything we'll be doing um.

But we are intentionally keeping that training small and by invitation only. So don't be surprised if there's very little external um external advertisement or promotion of that training um i try to keep my attraction trainings kind of in the background uh yeah trey uh stephanie says if she's on the phone leave your message and when you leave a message please leave your contact information mark steyr says thank you david my pleasure mark dr david snyder walker teaching us the ways of the force you guys are funny all right. Stephanie where can i here you go here's how you get in touch with stephanie oh shoot sorry two eight two i'm sorry eight five eight two eight two four six six three i'm sorry i i didn't type in the full the full phone number you are very welcome kashif i'm glad you enjoyed it please if you if you enjoyed this video i don't normally ask this. But after you've gotten your packages squared away please like and share this video to as many people as you think could benefit from it or who could use it um let's pay all this forward you've got some techniques you've got some technologies um you're welcome flav go ahead and and please please please help people help themselves hold on a.

Second here um susan reach out to stephanie and see what she's able to do for you she's kind of the final arbiter on on value exchange okay. I'm not saying no. I'm not saying yes. Just talk to stephanie and see what she says uh david is do you all get down to texas with courses uh i would like to.

But right. Now with with travel restrictions no. My intention is to do at least one event in texas at some point the. Next 12 to 24 months though bernardini says david i'm looking to manifest a job that will bring relations and wealth what's the best way to go about it i already know which job it is start with uh hidden laws self mastery supercharger hidden laws of attraction and cpi one which are all included in this course they will give you the exact tools that you need to nail the job on a physical level a metaphysical level and an interpersonal level okay.

We've had a lot of people manifest and get crazy job offers utilizing those combinations taking new approach podcast already liked it thank you awesome you guys rock ashlyn you should be able to get access to your package within the. Next 24 hours if not sooner sandra says i need that manifestation for work too yes. I'm going to tell you there i have i've i've been playing with law of attraction and things of that nature for a lot of years and i have not seen a single most more powerful manifestation engine than image cycling which is what we teach in uh in the uh hidden laws of attraction program her mailbox is full oh my god sandra's in excellent you guys are rocking it thank you all right. Now for those of you who may have been uh a little negged out by what happened in the capitol today point to where you feel it reach out and touch it spin it it'll make it all change for you okay.

Stephanie's mailbox is full keep trying keep emailing okay. What code do i use for new zealand i don't know what code do you use from new zealand you know what you might want to do if you're trying to contact her you might want to try facebook. Messenger and contact her over the internet by phone oh ron osborne says use a plus one stephanie is popular especially right. Now here's those links again just in case you guys have been awesome today by the way thank you.

So much for hanging out for playing and for being. So. So enthusiastic about the changes you know every you know every every webinar i come in with a basic format you know and and i try to give people something that they can just take out into the field and start banging it out and making changes right. Away and i have a list of techniques and a list of principles that i always try to to share.

But what comes out and the way it comes out is always unique to the audience that's that's participating. So here's a couple of things as you're you know as you're getting your packages and getting in touch with stephanie and stuff couple things i want you understand obviously with. So many people in the chat with. So many people out having all these things they want to know about questions fly by faster than i even notice them sometimes.

So here's what i want you to do if you'd like more information to go deeper and this is what i mean after i after i log out of the live from zoom and after i terminate the live stream on youtube i want you to go into the comments section of this video and what i want you to do is if there was a question that you wanted an answer to that you asked. But i didn't answer it or i didn't see it or somebody else didn't answer it i want you to go into the comment section for this video and i want you to re-ask those questions okay. Because i always go back and read the comments for the video and i always do my best to answer the questions that didn't get answered and i tried to usually in the description for the video i try to list uh the sources i quoted like if i quoted a book. Or something like that i'll try to list that i'll list the webinar the link for the offer and whatever else i think is relevant for people who want to know more about the content of this video.

But um my intention is always to to give you the most that i can in the time that i have and point you in the direction of where to go for more it's a new year it's the. First nlp power webinar of the year uh certainly we've got some stuff to get over and put behind us and dissolve from our neurology. So we can be clear and free and open for a great 2021 to be able to pivot and adapt to whatever comes our way and i really believe i really feel that the package that that we've offered you today if you apply a tenth of what we should you know of what's in that course your life is going to be unrecognizably good okay. And if it doesn't for whatever reason if it doesn't deliver and we can't help get you past your sticking points which we do.

But we will work with you in any way we can to help you get past your sticking points um if for some reason it doesn't we'll give you your money back right. But you got to actually put this to work right. I'm we're really good at what we do you know. But we can't multiply zeros and that you know you're the person we multiply by right.

I don't care how sucky you are at this if you put some effort into it and you follow the process you will have amazing results and they will only get better right. Think of it for think about it for a minute how many of you made made some significant changes in something that was bothering you today type that in the chat if you did don't be bashful okay. Now here's something to think about the results you've got today is the worst you'll ever get because it's. First time learning.

First time you learn anything is when you're the worst at it you're only going to get better jeff says he added some serious things to his bucket list excellent okay. Remember if you're gonna if you're gonna do a diy approach if you're gonna do it yourself you got to bucket list you got a bucket list until you get such a history of confidence in that technique that it just starts to generalize okay. Uh most of the well the matthew the offer to to kind of uh contradict seth the offer is good until 11 59 p.m tonight pacific time. So if you grab if you if you jump on and grab one of the packages before 11 59 pm pacific you can get pretty much everything.

But the vip ticket um i think the vip tickets the only thing that was had the real bad the real heavy duty limiter on it um. But after 11 59 you get whatever the basic package is. So um and you can break that up into installments just reach out to stephanie or click the link and and work out the details uh there. So victor says he has got in excellent perfect uh you guys rocked it today seth was the hero today apparently very cool all right.

Well seth can be our hero today all right. Well that being said one. Last time here's what we got for you secrets of personality transformation 14 video set teaches you how to do all this to yourself for yourself along with the manual and the online community 2 497 value you get the identity by design hypnotherapy home study course 1497 value hidden laws of attraction manifestation and mind control mastery 1497 value uh stealth cpi level 1 universal persuasion protocol 1 950 value renegade reframing objection obliteration and speed conversational belief change one thousand nine hundred and fifty dollar value fast action bonuses today uh stealth instant conversational gnosis crash course nine hundred ninety seven dollar value is absolutely free the nlp power mastermind mentoring practice group and archive three-month trial period membership 594. and of course the free super vip ticket for any single live event in our 2020 2021 calendar. So if you find something on the calendar you want to go let stephanie know we'll put you on the list if something comes up.

Later that's not on the list and you want to change you can do that all right. You don't even have to know what you want you just got to be in the system. So total value today is twelve thousand nine hundred and thirty two dollars as some of you have already found out some of these bonuses pro programs you can't buy on the website the only place you can get in this through our webinar. So i recommend you grab it now uh all of this is yours for one low installment of just 9.97 or three easy installments of 397 all you got to do to get yours is go to www.nlpower.com forward slash mental training secrets that's www.nlpower.com forward slash mental training secrets and as soon as you do you might want to seriously consider coming to our.

Next identity by design hypnosis and hypnotherapy five-day certification boot camp in las vegas january 27th through the 31st okay. You guys rocked it today i want to thank you all for uh for spending time with us and in the immortal words of the late great cal burnett or at least the great carol burnett i'm. So glad we had this time together just to have a laugh or sing a song seems we just got started and before you know it comes the time we have to say. So long good night everybody have a great start to your new year we'll see you in los.
