Title: Behavioral Influence: Psychological Techniques for Creating Covert Rapport Fast!
File Name: VoFEVhlC2Vs.txt
Video Id: VoFEVhlC2Vs
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VoFEVhlC2Vs

Now when you guys actually do it it's going to make a whole lot more sense because that's the. First piece tonight. First thing we're going to take a break in about five minutes. But what i would like you to do on that break besides run to the restroom get as much candy and drink as much coffee as you can because we're gonna hand out the weight loss cards.

Later i want you to go up introduce yourself ask a very simple question who brought you out tonight what do you want to take home and when they start talking just echo in an organic way did what i see did what i say uh sound inorganic or inauthentic or stilted in any way and the secret to that is a little bit yeah because it's a villain some of it she's playing with the nlp demo subject right. So what did you just say i said a little bit a little bit do you want to tell you like which part yeah tell me which part just the very. First part where i think you answered where it was um [Music] i have like trouble with memory you have trouble with memory yeah cool. But um it was like you said like four exact words that she said do you remember which four exact words i said no.

No. Figured out yet i'm using your own words yet now i am see when they come up for the demo that's when it looks stilted staged different feeling wasn't it yeah cause i'm thinking about what i'm gonna say he was thinking about what he's gonna say. So you're not what i already said i won't take the date all right. But thinking about what you already said how good did it feel when it came back to you before you realized it was happening i don't know i didn't notice i know that's the point see when you're on the outside watching this it looks somewhat artificial yes.

Are you saying that when you echo it back to her you're actually echoing it back to her subconscious that she does i'm not going back to her subconscious and everything else [Music] how'd it feel good that's right. That's my point when you do this it's not a tr. First of all you have to remember this is not a trick that you play on people this is a gift that you give them because the level of connection and of feeling understood even though we only did it for a. Second how did you feel the minute you felt that come back for years i felt that you know repeating something back to somebody is just repetitious and it's just uh annoying time wasting and instead just saying yeah that's right.

That would pretty much clear it um. But now i i haven't practiced this yet. But i'm starting to see that instead of saying that's right. Maybe if i repeat it back to them maybe maybe it might have a result have a different result yeah absolutely and when you have that different result what do you think will happen out in the real world um my networking uh you know again your networking is going to go through the roof you're going to reach more people than you can possibly imagine it's going to be fast see identity again and that's what you'll see you see you're not the only one when i do this i don't do this to make fun of anybody.

But people call me on this all the time i've always liked i've always been a big fan of shortcuts and just getting it to the point instead of you know because ever since i've been growing up as a kid you know everything has just get there as fast as you can and you took. The longer around and it was way faster way more effective even i didn't even notice until you actually made me realize that i'm not that's what i mean when i tell people what this secret back door is they look. Like you cannot be serious there is no. Way that that could ever work it works everywhere i tell my we have a class coming up at the end of april i actually send my students out to terrorize waitresses and get free desserts [Music] and the guy the girls are even nastier you kidding me you think the guys are heartless no.

You give this to a woman it's over by the way this is why most you guys who go on. First dates never hear back from the woman you know why because you spent the entire day talking about you instead of the most important person in her world me [Applause] she was actually the decoy it's here i'll focus on her. So i can nail you now that's what i want you to do did you notice that i was just very conversational you don't have to do every single word you can after you i'm going to force you to do every single word just to develop the memory capacity the shortcut once you get used to this is start with the. First word they said and the.

Last because that's how people remember they always remember the. First thing because that's the most important and the. Last thing because that's the. Last thing they heard right.

So if you need the shortcut just do that you can use their words in any way you want it works best when you do it in the exact order that came out. But don't believe me we're going to take a 15-minute break. But before we take that 15-minute break i have an announcement that i want. So drink as much coffee as humanly possible eat as much candy as you can find somebody you don't know walk up stick out your hand what brought you here today and have some fun take 15 20 minutes for this come back we're going to go into um the universal persuasion protocol we're going to jump back into the um the formula you saw me demonstrate up here which goes from the the back door to the secret code we're going to come back in and cause you it'll it'll double your sales by about 20 to 40 percent your conversions if you do this it'll it'll take it to about 20 it'll add an extra 20 or 40 percent bump.

So we're going to come back and we're going to cover that if we have time we're going to talk about the resistance reversal recipe this is one of the most unstoppable game-changing rejection or resistance or objection removal tools you can have where people literally resist themselves into doing what you want if it takes something that somebody just told you they didn't want to do it makes them actually start to want to do it and to generate their own reasons for doing it if you do any kind of weight loss or smoke cessation or addiction work if you do any kind of motivational interviewing work this is critical okay. And. Finally um we're going to talk about how to go from interesting information to being unstoppably persuasive and influential and be take it to the bank take it to the treatment room or the bedroom or the boardroom or whatever interesting place is you want to use it. So let's take 15 or 20 let's take 20 minutes for this because i talked a little bit go get coffee go go do your thing talk to people and be mindful when we start the music up again because once you start doing this you won't want to stop we'll talk to you soon.
