Title: LABOR DAY AMA With Dr. David
File Name: VoKQWO7KySA.txt
Video Id: VoKQWO7KySA
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VoKQWO7KySA

[Music] sorry about that guys i have no. Idea what happened i i soap i have no. Idea why i got bumped off apparently i have no. Idea i have no.

Idea what happened there all i did was unmute and turn my camera on and the. Next thing i know my zoom is converting. So if i did not answer your question please retype it and i'll i will try i only got a few more minutes the kids are coming over they haven't seen me in almost a week. But um i will answer as many questions as i can in the.

Next 20 minutes. So how can one relax an overactive amygdala breathing techniques color breathing and breathing techniques um again uh usually what happens when the amygdala is reactive the vagus nerve needs to be sedated. So breathing is pro breathing in posture specifically color breathing uh and alternating nostril breathing probably the best approach uh if you want to recommend books for nlp which might they be um i think the ultimate beginner's guide to nlp is probably the a good one to start with um anything you know all the banner stuff is good um anything by john seymour is really good those would be the places i'd start um and trump petty says hey dave i have the killer influence for six months now and i keep stopping when i get to the. First exercises what is happening inside me that's stopping stopping me from progressing you probably have some blocks about the uh either the uh effectiveness or the ethics of the material the things that tend to stop people most are fear it won't work and fear it will uh.

So i would get was i would start doing the transformational triad and start magic framing the reasons behind why you keep stopping creative raven can you shed some light on differences in male and female communication oh i could spend days on that um can you give me a look. Can you give me a bit of a more targeted question because that's such a vague question i could i could talk about a lot of different things um court kurt uh court curtis says i know you addressed ayahuasca. But how do you feel about the various forms of psychedelic therapy in vogue i am not a fan of psychedelics um that's because i'm old school. But i do believe that when used properly by individuals who are well trained they can be very very effective for people um i don't i don't advocate it for myself um i would recommend that you have a pretty solid background in hypnosis or self-hypnosis self-directed trans work specifically if you're going to experiment with psycho psychedelics and certainly don't begin that work on your own.

So anthony caruso says you've mentioned golden path before are there any ways to have a better idea of how to know what yours is yeah what lights you up what gives you energy what are the things you pay to do what are the things you love to do when you were a kid that everybody said you could never make money at or you shouldn't do or shut you down for those are all things that pull your spirit into your body and anything that pulls your spirit into your body is part of your golden path that's the quick and dirty uh get smart because i love the shirt where'd you get it believe it or not i got it on amazon amazon is my friend written communication particularly how men hear or need to be spoken to and the same for women the biggest thing to understand when dealing with communication between men and women is that men are very linear they do what they do because of something else. But women assign meanings to everything everything that men say and do and. So when a man is communicating with a woman he has to think what meaning is she going to derive from what i'm saying and doing if you start to understand things from that perspective. Then you can actually customize and re-communicate restructure your communication.

So that you get the the inferences that she wants to have right. Ladies you need to stop overthinking male communication men are very linear when men uh say i did x because of y that's literally all there is to it there's no. Hidden meaning behind what they did and. So the minute you simplify that and and work from it that's one of the ways that you can start to blow away all of a lot of misunderstandings.

But there's we go through a lot of this kind of communication stuff in attraction mastery soulmate secrets and rapid attraction secrets and killer influence these are very very important things you'll learn about it in nlp training too um how do you increase jing oh there are. So many ways robin. So many ways most of them are secret uh revelation asks would you say that following your heart slash passionate ser is a good step in establishing and strengthening one's connection with divine providence yes. If you under if you accept those that that is a signal from the universe of what you came here to do.

Then it's a fast track to becoming uh the best version of yourself doesn't mean you won't have problems or obstacles it does mean that you'll have the most fulfilling life that that has the greatest amount of impact on people um let's see angela atticure says can absolutely be cured holistically yes. Uh brent baum discovered that many people who were suffering from epilepsy actually weren't suffering from uh different seizures what they were actually suffering from was a relapse or a recurrence a memory a flashback to the original seizure and by using holographic memory resolution he was able to actually delete that memory and they stopped having seizures. So if you want to consider that cured yeah i think there's i think epilepsy has a lot of different causes and i think just you know that's there's a lot of different ways you could approach that be sure that says and you rock you're one of the rare people who knows what he's talking about i aspire to be as charismatic as you starts with identity by design and self-mastery supercharger b mccloud says thanks david i sing praises to you and how you explain your process and how they affect one's neurology thanks to you i have a deeper and broader understanding after years of much seeking thanks god bless you're very welcome nathan tiles the world what do you what do your personal daily wellness practices look. Like uh oh point to where i feel it magic frame that everything i teach um plus a lot of different energetic and meditative martial arts and mystical practices.

But a lot of it goes back to clearing my it really does right. Um let's see cynthia this is what lights my life dogs horses animals talking to and working with people who have addictions and animals good stay with it anthony caruso how would you explain someone who wants to quit drinking that never has issues when they drink besides excessive use. But always gets in trouble when they're sober i would say they have a lot of anger i would say they have a lot of anger uh and they are constantly at war with the the drinking allows them to relax and stop being angry um yeah i would say it's it's absolutely it's probably anger again you have to define what kind of what you mean by trouble. But i'm gonna assume it's getting in fights and breaking rules and not liking being told what to do and stuff loose truth tv all my kind of people saying y'all love love back loose i've seen i have no.

Idea how to pronounce that. But do you think it's possible to increase height at the age of 17 and improve eyesight using your teachings yes. I do is it probable no. But is it possible yeah i've seen crazier believe me that'd be crazier stuff all right.

Let's see here did i miss anything i don't think. So all right. We're coming in on the home stretch ethereum says does liposuction change a person's personality i do not know i think i think it can change a person's personality. But not necessarily from the face reading perspective i think it can change a person's personality based on their self-image and that can cause them to be more confident more outgoing uh willing to put themselves into situations they wouldn't have put themselves in are you removing some kind of jing could there be a consequence to that possibly.

But i don't know that it's a bad thing let's see here how do you reframe distraction well it's not that you're distracted it's that you're focused on something other than what people want you to be uh pay attention to or focus on that's how you reframe it um and tron petty i am able to just blast past my blockages and continue the exercises without framing i truly believe in this and what you do. But i do have a fear it won't work for me that's normal reframe the fear when you have a fear that something won't work and there's something in other words if you have something you want to change and. Then you have a fear that it won't work the. First thing you have to remove or you have to use your technique on is the fear itself fear is a negative manifestation generator.

So you have to dissolve that and. Then go on right. And if you don't think it'll work for you have somebody else do it with you right. Just that change in perspective can create tremendous amount of disidentification which allows you to go meta to the problem ah true let me see if i can make this a little bit bigger here um anthony christian says hello you hit the nail on the head what would you do to eliminate the anger spin it magic frame and color breathe it color uh gray room um universal solvent safe place uh transcendence trans use the transcendent emotion of kindness and compassion those are all things that will dissolve anger i love this community very much we love you back get smart quick says yeah it's a dope community well i don't know if we use dope.

But i'd like to think we have better things than dope nathan tiles the world i've figured out many energetic things with my body on my own over the years through experimentation. But i struggle with attention feeling right. On my forehead any meditation practices i would frame it and spin it um what do i think of neville goddard's work i'll tell you i'll be honest with you i have never actually read any of neville goddard's work. But a tremendous number of people on this channel have and have compared what he teaches to what i do.

So i'm just going to be honest i i've never actually read any of his stuff. So. But a lot of people say it's very similar to what i do or what i teach. So again nothing new on on the planet just different angles robin says i love planet david cynthia says i have to go thank you david many blessings many blessings back nathan says wonderful live stream thank you get smart quick even though i solve most of my problems that come back to planet david he the truth well i don't know if i'm the truth.

But on the flavor of the month uh let's see creative raven psycho cybernetics answers the plastic surgery question by malt yeah i would agree all right. Feeling is the secret it i agree all right. Well listen my kids are on their way i haven't seen them in a week. But i wanted to take some time to connect with my my uh extended family to let you know that there's more good stuff coming we got a webinar coming up on wednesday it's secrets of human influence.

So for those of you who want to learn how to use the powers of persuasion and influence to get what you want in life and make people like love and trust you i invite you to join us wednesday i believe it's the 7th 7th or 8th um at 4 pm pacific that being said in the words of the immortal carol burnett i'm. So glad we had this time together just to have a laugh or sing a song seems we just got started and before you know it comes the time we have to say. So long have a great labor day please like and share and post your comments and opinions tell people about the channel let people know where they can go to get their questions answered if you've learned something useful if you've used something on our channel that's changed your life tell people about it and pay it forward teach other people how to use what you've learned to make the world a better place and let your light shine good night and god bless.
