Title: You Are Invited  - HYPNOTHOUGHTS LIVE  2018 -  Personal Transformation, Face Reading Hypnotherapy
File Name: VolcqHJwBAs.txt
Video Id: VolcqHJwBAs
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VolcqHJwBAs

All right. So what. I'd like to do a lot of people have been asking me about. Vegas about face reading about all these different things.

So if it's okay. I'd like to think about 10 or 15 minutes and just kind of go through what's coming up in. Vegas where and everything that goes with that and actually it serves two purposes hey. I'm doing this video clip.

So. I can put it on the hypno. Thoughts group. So people understand what we're doing and everything that goes with it.

So what we've got going going on. I mean just pull up the dates here real quick let me cherry. So. August 21st to the 23rd we'll be doing a special presentation on actually we'll do this one secrets uh this is called secrets of personality transformation and this is a three day free conference training and what we do here is we actually take you through seven discrete aspects of personality the enemy buck is called the identity by design silo.

So secrets of personality transformation has an interesting history it actually was originally it was designed as an inner game process for aspiring pickup artists and what it did was it targeted seven discrete aspects of a person's personality it targeted the store general are the sort of negativity in their system if you have negativity that accumulates in your body over time that you don't even know is there that gets in the way that influences your decisions and your behaviors and your perceptions and. So we have a process that targets how to eliminate that. Then what we do is we learned that we teach you how to remove specific negativity from your system now. I think it was out.

Gilbert who asked about the difference between magic frame and spinning and what. I told him was and. I explained was that certain elements of your life certain events in your life have safety lessons connected to them you know and there's a part of your neurology that's your protective self that wants to keep you safe and. So a lot of times when you go to remove something if there's a thinking process that the unconscious mind takes is well if.

I forget this this event this experience he'll forget what happened and he'll do it again right. And. So we developed this specific negativity process for extracting the safety lessons now on a more fit on a more global therapeutic level many times when people have an injury like leg back injury week we would classify them as soft tissue you can't find anything on the x-ray. But there's an ache there a lot of people have back pain they hurt their back really bad and they heal.

But they only have a very limited range motion before there's an ache or a pain or sometimes you'll see this a lot with on a slightly different context people who have had a bunch of successful businesses and. Then lost them for whatever reason by the time they hit the. Second or. Third business they can't seem to get out of the gate again right.

What happens many times is when we go through when we get something and. Then we lose it it's traumatic for us and. So the brain starts to say okay. How do.

I protect her from this in the future how do. I protect him from this in the future and the thought process is well if. I never let him get a lot of money he can't lose it right. And.

So if you go in and try to program people for success or overcome that that that trauma and you don't account for that safety lesson they'll bring it back in terms of physical mode physical injuries many times what happens is like say you injure your back the protective component of the unconscious mind says wow. I need to make sure she never does this again. So. I'm just gonna put a little residual pain there every time they get on the border they're gonna feel it because.

I don't trust this not to do that again okay. Bring a doll right. And. So what happens is and in fact if you go to effect in one of your videos in your bonus package that goes with this program there's a two-hour three-hour breakout.

I did called speed healing energy hypnosis speed healing had like over a hundred people there and as. I'm going around during one of the breakouts there was one couple in the back of the room two women and they had just done the spinning technique and it had dropped to like a two right. It was like a seven or eight she had a back injury he dropped to like it to and and and it wouldn't go any further and she still had this limited range of motion and. I hadn't taught them the magic frame sport aspect of it yet because.

I was still playing with it to the point to where you feel it notice the picture and. I had her literally point to where she felt that reach out and touch the picture put a big black frame around it white out the image and write the lessons she learned from that experience positive or negative and this is the mantra. So you can keep the lessons and let everything else go how to write it out shrink it down throw it behind her nailed it back there. I said now and she had full range of motion right.

Because. I believe because. I understand how the neurology works from the empirical standpoint ice table viously. I studied neuroscience from time to time as well.

But. I'm mostly empirical and. Then. I find the supporting documentation in the science.

Later on. I'm spent more time observing than. I'd probably do anything else. I believe that a lot of that residual pain is analogous to what we would consider phantom limb pain it's the protective mechanism of the unconscious mind setting up a safety net that keeps you from doing that again which is that if you think about it is the primary lesson for pain.

Anyway pain is a signal that we're doing something that's not good or potentially not good for us right. And the neurology turns it up remember the only way that your system really has to communicate with you as kinesthetics and if we don't understand how to interpret kinesthetics man we're gonna run west looking for a sunrise we're gonna be looking outside of us because we don't understand what's going on inside of us we run into a medicine anything to make this the feeling stop. But the feeling isn't the problem the feeling is the check engine light on the dashboard right. Just like the behaviors generated by the feeling are another check engine light right.

So you have the behaviors to stop the feeling. But. Then the feeling is just the way the body tells you hey there's something here you need to address right. So there's layers.

But that's what that's that's level two of a personality transformation. So we go in and we clear all the generalized negatives analogous to soaking the pot before you scrub it right. Then we go in and we clear out all the safety lessons that keep you stuck right. Next pieces we install specific driver.

States specifically relentlessness curiosity playful and triumph these are states that we install in you with triggers. So that you can amp it up and go forward anytime there states that move you forward and facilitate communication influence and success okay. We've isolated for the king of relentlessness and of course the queen is playfulness right. If you think of those two if you're relentlessly playful or playfully relentless it's all good right.

So we install that that's level three the. Next level is where we take those voices in your head that have been talking to you your entire life and we change the voice. So that it builds you up instead of tearing you down we call it voice of authority sometimes it's a particular voice from a particular person sometimes that voice becomes a composite of all the positive role models you've ever had. But it we remove the old voice we put the new voice in.

So that it's always playing and it's always building you up and reminding you of all the things that are awesome about you from there we take all that and we actually elicit your chronology from the time you were born all the way up to the present moment and we separate out all the negativity and all the positivity and we drain all the energy out of the negatives and transfer it into the positives. Then we put all of your positive memories back into the timeline your time filter. So that when you look. Back on the past you only remember it in ways that make your life better okay.

We have a really cool process for that it's called temporal editing not to be confused with timeline right. But it's it there are certain analogies to it. Then we do is we take all that stuff and we've go back before your very. First memory in fact yeah very.

First memory and we install all the changes that we made before any of that should ever actually happen. So that as you move through the timeline you're moving through it with all the perceptions resources and foreknowledge. So that it changes even more and. Then we cycle you through that over and over and over again until it activates what.

NLP calls your neurological convincers strategy there's a set number of reps that everybody's neurology has for the neurology accepts the program. So we cycle you through that over and over and over again until it's sense. Then what we do is we take all that stuff we move in even further to before you took. On a body and we install it at the cellular level at the.

DNA level and. Then we go through the gestation period. So now it's imprinted and coded into your metaphor or in some cases literal. DNA and we move you through the temple editing process again until it locks that's step six.

Then what we do like this dr. young right. Then what we do is we call up avatars of all the people whose traits qualities and characteristics that you want that you admire and you want to have for yourself and we install that at the. DNA level along with everything else and. Then we cycle you again and by the time you emerge boom right.

So the. First two days we're gonna train you on that just like you were going to be doing this out in the field and they hypnotherapy and your hypnotherapy business. Then on the. Third day we transition you into what we call self-directed trance work where you gonna do all seven stages by yourself on yourself and as little as seven minutes we actually had one lady during one training.

Last time we talked personality transformation she actually did it in three and a half minutes the entire entire sequence from general negativity to magic frame which is the what we call deep trance identification seven minutes and. Then your yourself you can we also do on other techniques too that you can use mix-and-match. But that's the primary process and it's a certification. So you'll be certified in personality transformation where if you're a coach this is a great for your for your people yeah get out of their way all right.

This is again this is begin this was a performance enhancement silo that we developed for aspiring pickup artists believe it or not. But when we when we actually did it on people like the. First time we taught it a change work was. So powerful.

So pervasive we said it we're just gonna use it on everything and it takes about if you're doing this clinically it takes about 90 minutes to run comfortably run through the whole cycle cuz you're getting them up you're doing things. But you can do it internally in seven minutes right. So that. First three that that's the pre-conference training right.

Now that sets the stage for the. Next six days right. Day one that's better well that's the reverse three days. But that's the point is is that's what we're gonna teach you how to do and in the.

First three days prior to that no. Thoughts conference you'll go through that we had a huge class two years ago and the change work was just in an interesting part was we had a pretty good mix of classically trained hypnotists and people that absolutely no. Clue what was going on the people who had absolutely no. Clue actually did it better and faster than the people who were trained because they didn't have to get over bad habits bad programming right.

Dayton. I mean they insisted okay. Did great too. But the level of change and that ended the pervasiveness of it was just amazing and.

I'm very proud of it it was again one of those things where everything just came together in this big download. I wrote it out ran it and in fact the. First time when. I.

First did the videos from the training. I edit it down to just the processes and. I wouldn't at that time. I was always although you may have noticed.

I'm a for feedback okay. And. I asked my wife to watch the videos and tell you what she thought. So.

I said her loose with the videos and. I went to do work in my in my study dot now and a half. Later she comes in asked me a check for 200 bucks what's this fortune us it's for the change work don't believe me aspect is at that time we were very big on paying for each other's work because she's a professional. I'm a professional and.

I believe that if you're gonna do this work you should get machine getting paid you're not helping your clients doing for free it actually keeps them stuck you got to give your clients some way to earn their change remember that. Second payment idea right. Usually the thing that is the most that puts us in the greatest degree of discomfort is the thing we should charge right. People like to barter well if they have a lot of it they don't have a lot of discomfort and giving it does that make sense it's that degree of discomfort that we experience that creates the change which creates the change in our self-esteem that allows us to deserve it.

So it doesn't have to always be money. But it is important to make sure that that that scale is balanced right. Usually the easiest way to do that is through monetary means because most people don't want to part with their money right. But someone raised a hand yeah.

So that'll be in. Vegas that'll be in. Vegas. January our.

June. I'm sorry well gula. August 21st to the 23rd. Then there's three days of the hypno.

Thoughts live hypnosis convention and. Then if you want to do that. Then we're doing a three-day post conference certification it's called secrets of face reading and. Chinese medical hypnotherapy and this is a great course that.

I'm excited about it because when we when. I was doing my face reading certification and my teacher was a woman by the name of. Lillian pearl. Bridges who wrote the book.

Face reading and. Chinese medicine and. Lillian is. So good.

First flush she comes from a long 1,000. Ziff year lineage or more of face readers her father was ex-cia and she's at the time. I was training with her she was being romanced by two security our intelligence agencies from two different countries to teach face reading to their operatives. So they could spot terrorists and things like that.

Lillian is. So good she can look. At your your face and tell you your myers-briggs profile right. So.

I spent the. Last year. So training intensely with her huge amounts of epiphanies one of those frustrating things. I found was that it was all diagnostic right.

There is a there was a healing component to. Chinese face reading. I call it. Chinese vibrational psychotherapy and the way it's done is it's it's it's all intuitive.

So if. I'm looking at your face. I'll gravitate to the. First feature that draws my attention and we'll start to unpack that particular facial feature it might be a marking on the ear it might be a wrinkle in the forehead something wrong you can tell all the all the years of your life are marked around them for free of the face up to about a hundred twenty years.

So you can start with childhood and you can look. At the markings on the ear and tell what events happen to childhood just to start this is. But this is birth all the way to about ten or eight or nine years of age and. Then it fixed up on the other here and.

Then it circles. I think it's run this way right. So you can look. And.

Then it comes down to face this way. So the 20's are here 30s 40s 50s 60s right. You're working way too hard he spent a lot of time caring for somebody way too much myself what. I mean by that is it's a it's what we call an over nurturing line which means usually that the way.

I the way. I explain it to people is you're you're spending your future to pay for somebody's present you see this in a lot of people who have people their kid they're very like they're having their caregivers usually write something they're taking care of somebody and it's just draining them this line usually doesn't approach. I have it too because of all the clinical work that. I do this line usually doesn't appear until around 6:00 supposed to be around 60.

But if it's appearing it's because you're spending way too much time helping other people and not yourself you're not nurturing yourself enough and if you actually take the time to pamper yourself this line will actually start to go away right. So it's really cool how it works. But what again and and. So.

But in initiative as we unpack these things the facial feature will start to change during the session. So it's really cool. But it. So it takes a little bit of while you have to learn how to reframe things and unpack things.

So we have a background in sleight of mouth or ericksonian hypnosis or reframing that's very useful in this. But you don't need it that's the best part if you're trained in facial reading just the vibrational interaction of them talking about their stuff and reaching a point of change in perspective will cause the shift. But if we apply vibrational interventions like from my particular approach to hypnosis conversational reframing techniques we can amplify and facilitate we can speed up that process and that was again what. I discovered is that.

I can zero in on a facial feature and unpack it and spin it it's gone right. That's and. So what you're going to see there's never going to class like this this is a class we're going to teach you all the aspects of we're going to teach you the emotional map of the face we're gonna teach you personality aspects there's different aspects to. But to face reading not all of which.

I think are directly relevant to hypnotherapy or or the therapeutic sides there's a matchmaking component where we learned about attraction and sexual compatibility there's business applications jury selection and what. I'm doing this is the. First of a series of classes. I'm going to do is.

I'm actually taking all of. Lillian's material and. I'm codifying it more precisely for each specific application. So they'll be face reading applications for attraction dating and romance they'll be face reading applications for the influence funnels that we do and plus the people reading in general right.

Plus the golden path workshop which is where you can find you know your your mission for lack of a better word. So this one is again for people who want to tap it into face reading as an adjunct to therapy either or on yourself or with your clients and. I find that the more you can tell a person about themselves without them volunteering that information the more dramatically your authority level in their world goes up and the more hyper suggestible they become. So you combine what.

Chinese medicine teaches us with what we've learned about hypnotherapy. NLP reframing and all the vibrational holographic stuff from holographic memory resolution and that's what this course is about this course is really about integrating these things together you know and you get all whole this greater than the sum of the parts. So you'll be learning tool be you know learning how people think feeling behave you'll be able to diagnose their current physical and emotional states what ages their most significant traumas occur. I had one face reading that.

I did with a lady they brought in a dreamy they bring in models after each module and. I sat down. I looked at her. I said what happened when you were five she burst out crying not even 30 seconds right.

It was marked clearly on her here and you can see where the earlobe thickens and where there's little indentations events that impacted you it's really cool right. So we're gonna introduce you to it we're gonna teach you the emotional map of the face you're gonna be able to look. At people and you'll be able to die you won't you won't be able to officially diagnose them. But you can look.

At them and know what their livers doing what their what their spleen or pancreas are doing things like that we're gonna focus more on the emotional sides of things. But remember everything has correspondences. So liver and anger are related. So if you see you know a lot of repressed anger on the face and the in the liver locations you can kind of work with that the relationships with parents and siblings this is the one you're going to see a lot big mark right.

Here reeving refreshed emotions you can look. At them and know how they make decisions we talked about that a little bit we talked about you know the relative sizes here how some people are more cognitive they need all the data they're data-driven some people are more practical when you talk to them they don't really care about the data they don't know what if they want to know what it's gonna do for them how they can use it and there's other people they don't care about the data they don't care what the product uses all you care about is. I love it do. I love it or not right.

I want it because. I want it does that make sense. So you can look. At people and when you can read them that way you can present information to them in the way that they're most comfortable assimilating it right.

If people want we'll talk about romantic compatibility and things like that it's your training that's one of the things is. I'm you know. I have a set curriculum. But once you're in the room.

I literally go around the room and. I argot what you want to the to the training and we drill you on that. But you're going to be doing face what you're gonna be doing classical face reading work or you're talking about stuff. So it's a bit of a dialogue aspect.

But we're also gonna be working with a lot of the intervention sites the things. I've develop inning and framing color breathing color breathing is huge because it it it really just wipes out all of the holographic fragments that are scattered throughout your body remember you have cellular memory in that sailor memory is largely holographic in nature right. So the more you can get all the fragments the less recurrence you have out in the real world classical regression tells us that you know time is like lint of our history is like a linear line. So you have present and.

Then recent past all the way back to distant past and. So when we go into regression we're gonna go we're gonna clear out the big chunk here and. Then move forward. But memories and memory fragments don't actually kind of work that way that way it works good enough.

But a lot of times what happens if people go back and now they'll clean up stuff and they'll do the basic regression protocol know clean the initial sensitizing event and. Then the subsequent sensitizing events and. Then they'll move out into the world and every. So often they'll come across a situation or circumstance that was analogous to the thing that cleared up and they'll have a flashback.

But it won't be nearly as intense as the original trauma it'll just be a recurrence okay. The reason for that based on holographic memory theory is that you didn't get all the fragments you got the big pieces. But it splatters right. And remember when we're talking about.

Holograms each fragment contains the whole it's just as the pieces get smaller and smaller and smaller it loses intensity and resolution right. That's why it comes back. But it doesn't come back as strong we found that holographic interventions that incorporate breathwork properly resets the entire how much greater percentage of the cellular memory and. So you don't get the same level of flash back and the best part is you don't need deep trance to do it you don't need deep trance to do it in fact you can start an intervention come out of it have a conversation go right.

Back into it where you left off and get the same level of changes if you've done deep level have gnostic. Matic regression it's really cool if you do it within the parameters or the the confines of an unorthodox hypnotic regression it works even better. But you don't need it that's the best part you can work with people who claim to be unhypnotize abaut and blast their right. Being a technical term right.

So for those of you who are interested in that kind of stuff. I invite you to come out that's going to be a post conference all right. There will be a certification this is. Chinese face reading and medical hypnotherapy level one all right.

I fully intend on building out that silo. I don't know what the timeframe is on that this is the only class the only class of its kind it's the. First time. I've ever taught it.

So. I will be making up right. Based on what. I see right.

And no. But. I work their way to do a regular curriculum and we'll talk about your your. Golden.

Path which is finding your life purpose how to unlock your your inner we can look. At your that the shape of your forehead and tell you what you're you know what kind of talents you're kind of inheriting that's more than the. Ming module the golden path stuff. But we'll touch on it because we want it we want to give you an overview of what's possible with the face reading stuff it's all energy based we can release gain show and get that guilt shame trauma anger all that stuff will show you where it is on the face will show you how to release it how to resolve it usually pretty quickly okay.

So this is again. I'm really excited about this because. I think it's something that is a long time coming for our profession. Chinese medicine has five you know well over 5,000 years of history this was one of the lost components face reading was originally one of the major major pieces of.

Chinese medicine it was relegated to a relatively small piece of the modern versions and. So. I have permission from my teacher. Lillian as long as.

I name my sources and get credit to our lineage. I can do. I can teach what. I want.

I will eventually become assertive ace reading instructor about face reading instructors through her and stuff like that if you can study with. Lily and do it. I love her to death she's got the most powerful kuan-yin energy. I've ever seen.

Lillian pearl bridges she run and again this stuff has applications everywhere if you understand face reading for those of you whose performance enhancement work you can look. At somebody's face and figure out which sports they're gonna do better at body types facial characteristics it's it's amazing. I'm a baby. I really am.

But. I have a. Snider sense. I know where there's smoke there's fire.

So this is my introduction yeah. I ever read the book. Malcolm blood by. Malcolm.

Gladwell called blink my wife calls it my blink right. I just get these flashes. So this is this is what's going on on the the. Last three days following the hypno.

Thoughts live hypnosis convention which by the way if you're in the profession if you're interested in helping and healing people there really is in my opinion not a better better convention to introduce you to the full spectrum of what's available in the professional you'll get people who've been in the business 50 60 years or some people who they just cut in their teeth and they want to learn how to present it's it's it's got the broadest deepest range of applications right. There are some you know. So and they're good people as well very very good people to work with. So yeah click this big ass link and you can sign them no.

So what we're doing right. Now is we're offering you can buy any one of the single three days which includes a three-day pass to the convention for 797 or if you want to go the full nine days and just completely immerse yourself because. I'm teaching each of the three days at the hip no. Thougts convention.

So. I'll be teaching lie detection. I'll be teaching speed. Attraction techniques 3.0.

I'll be teaching people reading for fun and profit which will also have face reading stuff in it. But it'll be different stuff from this because. I want to give it. I want to.

I mean there'll be some overlap. But. I want to make it more appropriate to like romantic compatibility or assessing people's decision-making styles and things like that. So it's gonna be different.

But there will be some overlap because people want to know about emotions and stuff like that plus we'll be doing other types of body language reading and things like that and it gets given big give me like a three or four-hour break out. So it's gonna be really deep. I'm excited hey. I think what else am i doing speed attraction lie detection people reading.

I think that's that's all three days. So that's. I think that's what. I've got during the convention and.

Then you've got yeah yeah. So you have 21st the 23rd is secrets of personality transformation it includes a three-day convention you have post convention which is tickets person of face reading you can get the entire nine days from 9 97 if you do the math it's really a no-brainer right. Now all of the packages regardless of which one you choose come with we find it. I think that was it no.

That's not it let me just read this this is the every every one of the packages whether it's a single three-day or it's everything comes with this video archive and what it includes is an original copy of my self-mastery supercharger program which is the identity by design styler the one. I taught way back when. So there's lots of videos there it also comes with every single presentation. I've done it the hypno.

Thoughts live convention from 2014 including the three-day erotic hypnosis and sensuality enhancement training which was very popular we got a lot of noise complaints. I'll tell you something. I'll tell you some funny stories when the camera is not running it also includes all of the videos that all the presentations. I did in 2015 from hypno.

Thoughts live and the 2015 erotic hypnosis treaty it includes all the videos. I did from the 2016 training which includes speed attraction body language secrets people reading for fun and profit and the. First time. I taught the secrets of personality transformation boot camp now these videos are all raw.

So they're not even edited. So all my off-color comments and faux paws and stuff are all here. But it's all three days you'll see some amazing demonstrations people who really have profound profound changes and these are all things that again they're yours as my way of saying thank you for jumping on the package and enjoying it. So for those of you who wanted you know if you know which one you want there's three different.

URLs most people who are smart take the the two-for-one right. The open and all of these also come with a. VIP ticket free admission to any one of my live events for 2018-2019. So once you grab one of these packages you can come to any single live event that.

I hold a three-day a five-day an eight-day yeah do the math on that one right. Yeah anything on my 2019 calendar right. That's the package right. I don't normally.

I did it. Last year and we had a rush of people. So. I can't do it for everybody.

But right. Now that offers still on the table at some point. I will remove it. But.

But it's and a guy when. I go to hit no. Thoughts. I have one agenda to give to give as much as.

I can because this profession this discipline has done. So much for me and the people have done. So much and people need the opportunity to experience what we do and that's what in fact when you see me at hip no. Thoughts unless.

I'm teaching the class the only thing most people ever see of me is my button because. I'm running somewhere right. So people been asking me and it it's true my bright. Is now in your brain [Laughter] because.

I'm walking away right. TJ is very popular with the sound people because he can make he can practically walk on water when it comes to audio and visual and if you want to learn how to really do good audio and video stuff for your presentations he's available to consult the fastest way to build your business is through public speaking the fastest way to leverage your public speaking is to a good audio and video content that you can disseminate and share with other people. So. I don't think.

I think. TJ missed his window for doing a presentation on it. But he'll be available you can pick his brain whatever other party parts will let you pick. But.

Anyway. I just wanted to cover that. I'll for those of you who want to enroll in that you can see me at the end of the event for those of you at home who are interested in possibly attending. I'll have.

TJ type in the. URLs into your chat window you can just click on the links and follow them. I get obviously if you have the time and the availability the whole nine day package is probably them makes the most economical sense. I invite you to come out it's going to be a party they've given it supposedly they've given me a penthouse or a suite with a really big room in it and.

Then it might be the off fat possibility that. I might be doing some private trainings in there when. I'm not doing other things there's just a rumor. I can't.

I can't confirm or deny that. But because. I love what. I love this stuff and.

I want to share with you as much as. I can. So for those of you who watch this video click on the links when we post them for those of you who in the room who want to to get involved go hang out see me by before you leave and we'll get you hooked up and. Then and that being said that's the end of my infomercial and let's take a five-minute break we'll go to the restroom come back and we'll jump into more stuff.
