Title: HYPNOSIS INDUCTION: Removing Blocks To Success and Controlling Your Subconscious Mind
File Name: VOXFD2BohhE.txt
Video Id: VOXFD2BohhE
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VOXFD2BohhE

Remember we said everything in front of your body is active right. So the. First thing you guys want to do just like when you're at home and you boot up like. I don't know you guys ever had this experience.

I go home after teaching a. Meetup. I'm brain fried. I boot up my computer and all.

I see is files right. Everywhere on my computer files and. I have to sort through all these files right. The.

First thing you want to do is organize your files right. So you guys want to do real quick process just for gring iggles you guys having fun yeah close your uh put your feet flat on the floor any coughing or clearing of the throat you hear will only send you deeper into trans this is a fun one. I call this the the hollow deck or the control room it's based on this whole idea now how many of you have ever seen uh a superhero movie or like. Mission.

Impossible or. U. Star. Trek or any kind of movie where the uh the hero is interfacing with some kind of holographic computer you know like if you walk an.

Iron. Man or or. Mission. Impossible they're exploding diagrams and moving this aside moving that aside to get to the all.

I want you to do is utilize that metaphor and realize you're the computer okay. So close your eyes. Take a deep breath in let that breath out with a sigh deeper and deeper. With.

Every. Breath. You. Take and every beat of your heart.

I'm going to give you two choices or uh that you can allow this process to happen. I'm going to describe the process and you can just allow your other than conscious mind to move those pictures around for you or you can physically reach out and do it yourself both ways work they're not mutually exclusive any sounds you hear other than the sounds of my voice simply the sounds of a busy environment planes going overhead traffic passing by trains of thought moving in and out close your eyes. Take a deep breath in. Focus all of your attention on the lids of your eyes.

And let that breath out with a sigh deeper and deeper. With. Every. Breath.

You. Take and every beat of your heart ladies and gentlemen all. I want you to do is relax let go now you can shift and move and change posture whatever you want anything that makes you more comfortable allows you to go deeper and deeper into a wonderful state of relaxation a wonderful state of focus absorption and attention it's not necessary to tr out completely it's only necessary to relax have fun and play pretend pretend you're in the deepest trance humanly possible and. Then go deeper and.

Then pretend that you're no. Longer pretending as you focus all of your attention on the lids of your eyes. You begin to relax those tiny muscles in your eyelids relaxing them. So fully.

So completely making them. So complet completely relaxed that you couldn't actually open them without putting more tension back into them and when you know you've got them that relaxed. So relax they just won't work give them a little test just to be sure and. Then when you know it's done stop testing let that level of relaxation flow from the top of your head all the way down to the tips of your toes deeper and deeper.

With. Every. Breath. You.

Take. Every. Beat of your heart all. I want you to do is go deeper and deeper still now in a moment not yet.

But in just a moment. I'm going to ask you to keep your physical eyelids closed all the way down. But what. I am going to ask you to do is.

I want you to use your imagination and you've all been using it quite well today. I want you to imagine that you could open and close only your imaginary eyelids leaving your physical eyes. Closed all the way down and each and every time. I say open your imaginary eyes.

All the way up. I want you to imagine those eyes. Just floating up feeling your. Third eye that part of you that can see things inside of your body see things energetic and vibrational open up wider and wider each time you close those imaginary eyes.

All the way down just double and triple that sense of relaxation of connection of being able to play pretend and interface with another level of your awareness a level of awareness where anything that you can intend anything you can act out anything you can imagine must must must become true and real for you in all the very best of ways. So open those imaginary eyes. All the way up while leaving those physical eyes. Closed all the way down and.

Then close those magical eyes. All the way down open them a. Second time all the way up close all the way down deeper and deeper and deeper still one. Last time opening those imaginary eyes.

All the way up closing those imagin eyes. All the way down deeper and deeper and deeper still don't be surprised as you go through this process to find your body doing interesting things as the body goes through the different layers of. Trance the different layers of absorption and focus different levels of relaxation it's very common to people to yawn to laugh to chuckle to. Twitch to have interesting feelings and.

Sensations many people choke like they're clearing their throat all parts of a process all signs of a neurology going through this reorganization just allow those things to happen they're not going to disturb you or distract you because as long as you can hear my voice the effect is already happened it's based on this idea known as presupposition and it goes back to the idea that the conscious mind the part of you that thinks it's in charge it thinks it knows what to do is the least informed and the. Last know it's based on the idea that if you've already understood the words the neurolog is already done the process it's just how it works. So low yourself to go even deeper and deeper and deeper still. So in a moment not yet.

But in just a moment. I'm going to ask you to begin to imagine that alphabet backwards starting with the letter. Z and all. I'd like you to do with each breath you take into.

Every. Beat of your heart is allow those letters to be relaxed completely from your mind allow them to become smaller and darker and harder to see turn that volume all the way down now each and every one of you will reach this point at a different rate and speed and that's okay. Just allow it to play place or just let them go completely they can come back. Later.

But for right. Now all. I want you to do is play pretend and have some fun now in a moment not yet. But in just a moment.

I'm going to count from 1 to five as. I count from 1 to five you'll deepen this state you'll go even deeper and deeper and deeper still no. Matter how far inside you travel no. Matter how deep inside you go you'll always be able to hear my words follow my instructions obey my commands not because.

I say. So. But because you realize deep inside your mind body and soul that everything. I say and everything.

I do is for you to help you live the life you want the way you want by your standards and and your definitions to give you the master keys to programming your subconscious mind mind body and soul. So you can attract the things into your life that you want and systematically expunge or delete or remove the things you no. Longer serve you the things that no. Longer give you the benefits five going down drifting dreaming floating deeper and deeper and deeper still number four down down down some people would say sleep sleep sleep.

But we all know you're not going into sleep just yet you may feel dreamy though you may feel like part of you is floating that's okay. However your neurology does it is perfectly fine three going down deeper and deeper and deeper still two one you find yourself opening those imaginary eyes. And you find yourself in a very different place an interesting place a dome shaped room with pearly gray walls and in this place you get the sensation you get the idea you experience the understanding that in this place ladies and gentlemen you are the the ultimate power you are the ruler of this place and anything you can imagine anything you can intend anything that you can act out with your body must must must become true and real for you now as you walk into this room. I'm going to you're notice right.

Now the room is quite empty. But you feel this interesting sensation of buzzing if you will in some part of your mind and body as if something has just turned on some kind of filter some kind of switch now in a moment. I'm going to count from 1 to three when. I reach the number three in the space around you 360° by 360° will be every file in your neurology positive or negative that's open and running and you'll instinctively realize that one set of files are marked positive another set of files not.

So positive and utilizing the structures the methodologies the principles that we've learned. I want you to understand that what you're about to experience is your own personal holographic desktop and that each of those squares floating in the space around you represents an event scene situation circumstance or event and the size shape location proximity to your body all indicate how your nervous system gives you the experience of that event and what we're going to begin to do now is we're going to begin to reorganize those experiences we're going to begin to change our neurology. So to speak and change the files that are open and close the ones that need to be closed remember that anything that goes over and behind you is over anything that you make bigger and closer becomes louder more browsing and any place or location that you can name and describe the neurology will give you a section where it belongs. So we're going to walk through the.

First couple. As. I count from 1 to three 1 2 three all of the pictures appear and what. I want you to do is you can notice that the ones that are most important will be the ones that have feeling connected to them strongly in the body and.

I want you to find one particular feeling that you want to change and as you do that. I want you notice. Reach. Out.

And. Touch the picture connected to that feeling and. I want you to just play a little bit if you will move that picture around bring it closer push it away put a frame around it make it smaller notice what happens to your. Sensations notice what happens to your experience of that event and.

Then. I want you to decide what you want to do with it if it's something that you want less of something you want to be gone just put a big bck black frame around that sucker whiten or blacken the image out write any lessons connected to that experience that are worth keeping. So you can keep those lessons and let the rest go shrink it down the size of a postage stamp move it all the way behind you and hit the recycle bin or nail it back there anything that you want more of anything that gives you more of the feelings experiences orientations towards the life you want to be the person that you want to be. I want you to make those pictures bigger.

I want you to put them in the place that gives you the feelings you want the most instead and. I just want you to reorganize all of that in the moments that we have realizing that anytime you want to anytime you need to. Simply by closing your eyes. Spreading the relaxation of your eyelids from the top of your head to the tips of your toes and using that imagination of yours you can come back here anytime you want and move stuff around reorganize your mind body and soul and realize as cool as this is it's still just the beginning it's the tip of a very large.

Iceberg an iceberg that leads to more of the things you want the things that make your life more meaningful that give you the control the fun the passion the power it's all yours every state that human beings experience is manufactured you're in charge of that process the question becomes how are you going to use it. So. I want you to take the. Next few minutes and move things around prove it to yourself that's right.

Let a couple of minutes pass in real time. But inside you can take as long as you need in those two minutes to completely reorganize your internal environment realizing that some things may take multiple repetitions to lock them in completely some may just go right. Away it's okay. Next time we get together.

I'll show you how to play with time time is the ultimate filter once you understand how your neurology encodes time a minute can be like a year a year can be like a minute time isn't real it's just a filter a behavior something that you're doing and you can always change what you're doing in a moment not yet. But in just a moment. I'm going to count from one to five as. I count from 1 to 5 find yourself returning to the room back to the seat back to the chair bringing all of these.

Transformations. Revelations and educations with you realizing as good as it is it's only going to get better number one feel yourself returning to this place we call reality bringing with you a brand new reality ladies and gentlemen a reality where you've learned something powerful you're the one who knows how to do that this you can do this you have done it you're doing it now each night while you sleep and while you dream your nervous system your mind body and soul will take all the lessons of today consciously and unconsciously and he or she will apply them to every memory every belief every experience conscious and unconscious where it will do you the most good. So that each morning upon. Awakening you'll see the world a new seeing the world and experiencing the world through a mind and body that have been optimized programmed reprogrammed to give you the what you want the way you want it.

I began this meet up with a with a a quote that you can have anything in this life that you want as long as you're willing to. First become the person who can be do and have that life you've just taken a very big step more series of steps to becoming that person now and in the future it's a work in progress remember it's not the end result. But the journey what we become along the way and what we do with it that defines. Us number two all of my suggestions from me to you from you to your very own other than conscious mind now 10 times more powerful 10 times more permanent locked into that part of your mind body and soul that most wants desires can.

Implement facilitate and express these changes in the quickest easiest most effective way for the good of yourself and all concerned number three always at least three ways to overcome any situation obstacle or circumstance that you may face always at least three solutions to any problem you need to solve and your other than conscious mind will now easily effortlessly and automatically generate those. Solutions in the quickest easiest most effective way for the good of yourself and all concerned number four because it's all for you ladies and gentlemen you came out tonight you sat here. You' followed the instructions you've obeyed the commands you've done the drills acquired the skills you've tested the results you've earned the rewards and the right. To keep them it's your reality and it's true for you now on the.

Next count you can emerge from this state only at the rate and speed that you know you've got it only at the rate and speed that every level of your neurology mind body and soul is in complete. Harmony complete agreement complete. Accord with all the changes. Revelations educations and alterations that we've experienced together tonight realizing willing each night while you sleep and while you dream your brain your mind your body will make new connections physically mentally emotionally energetically a process called neuroplasticity will accelerate within you and you'll see the world as an evolved being with full access and resource to skills and abilities that others would consider.

Supernatural superum. Well you are becoming a super human and that's okay. Becoming more fully human in the very best sense of the word tapping into that amazing power within you to control reality starting with your own on the. Next count you can allow your eyes.

To open head clear mind clear thinking and acting with calm self assurance feeling good all over glad to be alive at peace with yourself the world and everyone in it number five take your time come on back notice how good you feel while you're coming back if you haven't booked your console please do. So if you had a good time please post wonderful things to the. Meetup if you didn't have a good time post to somebody else's want to thank you all for coming out um. I hope to see you again very very soon have a great night thank you [Applause].
