Title: VQpNcq1muko.txt
Video Id: VQpNcq1muko
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VQpNcq1muko

It does mean hitting it commenced to chocolate mortar on it remember curious because you want enhanced neural plasticity that's what you say exactly it's true as we know that chocolate has the highest concentration of oxytocin and any other. So what do we learn way back in be back on yet alright. So what do we learn from this exercise. Veronica what was this like for you would you learn you mean it's inaccurate as accurate crazy isn't it yeah right.

But remember they didn't figure this [ __ ] out overnight took. Him three thousand years to figure out how to look. At the markings on somebody's why because everything in. Chinese medicine is based on one thing two words pattern recognition we didn't have supercomputers to crunch you know eighty trillion bits of information in two and a half minutes right.

We had three thousand years to just keep looking at faces and noticing what kept showing up right. And that's really where it comes from now these people had a little bit more on the ball. I think in in some cases than we do now because they were much more sensitive to the natural world around them right. And and that's what you'll see in many indigenous cultures they are much more connected to their environment and the physical actually and the the attributes that go with that.

Then people who are very urbanized for lack of a better word or highly enculturated and. I shouldn't. I shouldn't say that cuz indigenous tribes can be very enculturated as well they're just differently enculturated. So.

I believe that these people had access to heightened levels of ability that are largely blunted in us we can develop them some people come in with those genetic markers flipped on. Chinese would call that inherited. Jing traits you get from your mother and your father the. Chinese used to say that when you fix something in yourself it generalizes backwards seven to nine generations and it generalizes forward seven to nine generations.

So if you want to fix your grandkids fix your [ __ ] now right. If you want to fix your ancestors [ __ ] fix your [ __ ] now and there's as as funny as that sounded as hokey as it sounds there's now proof that genetic traumas are inherited from our part our grandmothers and our grandfathers and stuff like that they call it generational trauma okay. There's a book. Out there if you guys are interested in that called it didn't start with you and it's all about this idea of trauma.

PTSD being passed on on a cellular level through the generations right. And. Then they talk about how to fix it same way you've and here's here's here's the here's the trip the cliffnotes the same way you fix generational trauma is the same way you fix present-day trauma you have no. Therapy point to where you feel it right.

But again because they're coming from the. CBT type of a place they come out a little bit more dialogue based which is okay. You know eventually they do altered state work and the [ __ ] comes out and they fix it right. But at the end of the day traumas trauma doesn't matter where it came from right.

But conversely or come complementarily the talents abilities and unique attributes and skillsets that you have are also. Jing that's why when and you can see that in the shape of the forehead someone who has a very round forehead tends to be more creative more artistic many times you'll see that they're a little bigger on one side or the other and the right. Side the left side is father and mother. So if they have a lot of traits that they've inherited from their father they'll be a little bit bigger on this side if they have traits that they've inherited from their mother there'll be a little bit bigger on this side many times you look.

At somebody and you'll see like a little divot down the middle and what you see are inherited traits that are actually antithesis of each other and part of their life mission is to find a way to balance those okay. You don't have one of those. I'm just you were just handy right. So when you look.

At when you start looking at forehead again there's. So much. I mean if this is the scope of everything which we haven't covered the fingernail yet right. But you see how much depth and what did you did you guys notice you found yourself the person the minute you started poking at a trait they just started to kind of disclose and they just kept going that's the unpacking process.

I was telling you about something happens is it as a byproduct of face reading training is that you start to become. Agent. Provocateur it's like you'll talk to somebody and all of a sudden they'll just start emoting and processing [ __ ] out spontaneously. I was always pretty.

Anyway. So yeah was it accurate was it crazy how accurate it was right. Again you notice a lot of different years okay. We need to get a little bit done been vbn days ago the remedial ear class get you a little a little like microscope or something find the difference yeah good it was good to see.

Joe see us because they're actually moving to tell pretty smooth to start off with except for you know one one place hmm. But. Then. Then to compare that it gets over here is it had a lot more all more stuff happening mm-hmm.

But you know sometimes it's not as much as pump like and information-wise mm-hmm now keep in mind that somebody can have a lot of trauma and be completely smooth because it's not about the trauma it's how it affected them understand if you get someone who's got very flat. Shen and almost no. No. Wrinkles or whatever chances are they haven't been in their body for a very long time they're no.

They're come they're chronically and terminally. I don't see eternally. But pretty close to do. So if they're a walking dead person yeah right.

So you got to do a lot to get them to want to come back in their bodies dissociative identity disorder you're gonna see that flat aspect a lot right. Because they're not in their bodies right. There's three or four of them hanging out somewhere else and they take turns you're turning the barrel yes. I gotta find a way to get them back in yeah it's it's gonna depend on what's in front of me yeah like the time.

I had this 65. I always in her late 50s early 16 15. I can't remember couldn't hard to tell she came in she did the consult she was like a 50-something year-old lady she walks in for the treatment their. Second treatment and there's a 50 year old five year old just like this terrified.

I had to change. States real quick right. And we had to get her back and we had any out we had to get the five-year-old to want to go through therapy right. So you know being able to think on your feet comes in real handy right.

Now you none of you unless you got doctor or some or a heck of a lot of physician referrals on your desk saying you can work with those people you should not be working with that level of a person okay. But if you're in that situation where somebody else that has a personality shift. Then you've got to change gears too and you've got to change how you and. I treated him like a five year old and it worked fine right.

But most people would go back little dust cloud without therapists used to be right. Stephen um. I'm just getting used to the different years didn't know they were different people or different. I didn't know that right.

Someone give me a napkin. I kind of spilled my [ __ ] good good the most immediately useful things were the things. I showed you for right. Side left side upper middle lower right.

Most of us are not going to be looking at a person's ears at a networking function right. Well you might you know and. So that's why. I started with something that's just um you know immediately.

I can look. At someone's okay. They're digital are their data driven they're practical they're they're instinctive and. I can play to that right.

I can look. At their private side and say okay. They're far more the far more secretive on their private side right. Or their heart's not quite as open privately.

So. I know that in their personal life this problems person probably not as emotionally available as when they're out pretending to be a public person right. This could be a very introverted person who's pretending to be very extroverted person right. So these are things you can look.

At you can look. At the lines on the face and notice that they have if they have disappointment lines and it's deeper its deeper in the in the private zone you know they're having they've had a lot more disappointments privately than they have profess right. You can start to excess extrapolate based on the depth in the of the markings and where it's located on the face a lot of information and you can thinking in terms of presuppositions what's pretty supposed by those by those lines. I am and you can create a profile of that person and the nice thing is these things.

I'm sharing with you you can do from across the room you don't have to engage with them you can just look. At them you know through the window or your telescope. I'm sorry do that about. Jeff what you learn i when we look.

At the inside of the ear all the internal organs are in here. So you got the look. The heart the kidney the liver they're all in here. So we didn't really cover a lot of the mark in terms of indentations or markings.

But when you looking at the inside of the year you want to start looking at coloration changes okay. White equals a deficiency or frozen energy or cold heat equals inflammation blue or purple these are stagnation of some kind which is usually blood stagnation leads to all kinds of lesions and tumors and things like that when you look. At the at the inside of here that's primarily what we're looking at we're not. I haven't seen a lot of markings in terms of the inside of the year.

But coloration changes of what you would look. At. I'm sorry and. Chinese diagnosis we're gonna do a lot with ear colorations okay.

So. I'm stepping into it story my life yes. Oh. Jeff is fitting right.

In all right. So let's see where. I want to go with this. I guess we'll talk about this all right.

Motions in the face hashtag annoyance okay. All right. So starting clockwise actually we'll start we'll start with. TJ's favorite this is called the seat of the stamp this area right.

Here this corresponds in many in many traditions to the. Third eye some of the ways that you can begin to spot an open. Third eyes. If it's very bright.

Here very bright. Or there's an indentation tends to indicate someone whose. Third eye is open when you have these little creases uh if you look. At.

TJ's the centerline of his. DJ we call that suspended bazooka right. This area is called the seat of the stamp this is usually associated among being amongst being the society with the liver or gallbladder area an internal organized it's associated with the wood element which is all about passion drive competition conquest compassion very very these are called wood energies ok. This also tends to be related to the the fraternal side or the the dominant male role model now the dominant rail model could be female.

But back in ancient. China there was pretty much homogeneous there wasn't too much they married into moms. But you know you get what. I'm saying.

So this also pertains to how a person relates to their father father's influence okay. So many times you look. At people and you'll see a single very thin line see if anybody's got one of those you ain't got one you ain't got one yeah no. But actually you got a little bit one you got a little bit little not not a lot not a lot.

I wouldn't. I wouldn't classify that we call that suspended needle suspended needle occurs when in the in the normal evolution of a father and a child there comes a point where the child starts to exert their own will usually in the form of anger and at some point the child expressed anger and the pushback was. So severe that they choked in they withheld and withdrew part of that power they suppress their wood energy because of the consequences you know for example this wasn't a father/son thing. But this was a kid who was usually a pretty easygoing.

But he was a big kid one time people were picking on him he just lost his temper and he clocked a guy and. I guess it was during a basketball game or something he clocked the guy cuz the guy kept checking him and fouling him he got thrown out he got suspended and he developed this big line because he wanted to make sure that that ended he never went he never experienced that again now on the surface that may seem like a good thing. But what happens is when you choke back your liver energy you're choking back your power and. So may not be a problem right.

Away. But at some point that blockage is going to manifest as an inability to move forward in life until you resolve it right. Now the deeper the deeper the level of energy that you're holding back the bigger that line that's why we make fun of. TJ we call what he has suspended bazooka right.

Because he's won that like if you look. At at. Stevens he's got well he's not quite there. But he's closer to a suspended needle and he look.

At the size of the of. TJ's marking right. And and. So that goes suspended needle suspended sword.

I make a joke suspended. I knew nothing about this and they. Beltway. Wow would you look.

At that. I'm like alright. Yeah and. Then he he he wouldn't leave him alone after that in fact he actually came up to me like.

I think it was either after the. First day or a break to go something every time. I hang out with you and. I [ __ ] mind gets blown it wasn't about me it was just he what's he getting what he gets exposed to.

But you say the same thing about. Brent bond when we brought him in right. They planted. David's a cool place it's not about me it's just about the people that pass through you know and what you get exposed to and what you take away from it.

So when you see that that single-line understand that there's probably some father issues going on there or at least the the month that the male side of the family issues if the mom is the more alpha has the more masculine role that could be a mom right. So be very careful how you word it might be very careful how you word it if you see two lines and a lot of you have this this is basically an indicator of impatience which leads to annoyance and irritation this is where your frustration - anticipation would work really well right. But it's chronic they've been doing this for a long time right. And a lot of times these people will be klutzy stiff it's been going on for a long time they have what we call rebellious liver.

Chi which they just they just they want to move. So fast they outpaced their own their own agility. I'm like that all the time if. I sit for too long.

I have a. I'm the world's biggest klutz because the minute. I start moving up throw in this. I'm doing that.

I'm spilling coffee right. I can't. I can't pour a glass of milk without making a mess. I just can't it's just that's why just to drink it out the bottle [ __ ] it.

I find shortcuts it's what. I do right. So this is a very important this also has an indicator of someone who has a very open area between the eyebrows tense. I'm sorry one.

Second somebody has a big open air come on damn it okay. That's weird let's put the put my mark back all right. Screw you. Microsoft right.

When this area is nice and big and open this is what. I call father's blessing and this is somebody who because of father's influence or the masculine influence has learned to work well in a corporate structure there's you know they're they're genetically employable okay. They know how to play the game they know how to rise through a hierarchy that makes sense. So these people can be very very good as part of an organization people who don't have fathers blessing they tend to be the other way there they can't work for anybody because the boss is always a [ __ ] idiot unless they're the boss which.

KC's a [ __ ] genius right. Yeah if this is very open it's open it's it's there's not a lot of creases things like that yeah if you command you all get. Lillian's book. Face reading in.

Chinese medicine its. Second edition yeah and again we'll be doing a lot we're gonna do a lot with face reading because. I really believe that face reading is kind of like one of the missing links in a lot of the things why is it like that okay. Yeah there's a digital version.

So. So. I look. At that a lot if someone's got a big heavy brow line these people are just rule are not going to be team players they can be.

But they're far more likely to just want to be their own person and do their own thing their way when you're paying them they will do what you tell them grudgingly and. Then they will tell you all the ways they could have done it better why because they have that brow that that very strong wood brow the brow bone itself okay. These people. However love to be the hero.

So ladies if you need help with your bags look. For a guy with a big brow bone and play the damsel in distress and they will happily carry your bag about twenty flights of stairs. But don't try to pay them for it instead you understand the difference they'd like to be saved. TJ classic example loves to be the hero you're in deep [ __ ] now because there are five women here just painted a target on your ass.

But it's true right. And and if you understand that you also know that these people will work harder for praise and they will for dollars letting them know how appreciated you are how much they've helped how grateful you are they will they will slave for you right. Whereas if you're paying them you're an idiot because they're mr. better way more missus better way most of the time okay. His lovely there's lovely partner.

Tina classic miss better way right. They're made for each other because they never stop moving there are classic wood wood metal personalities right. The only time you see. TJ's you either see his ass because he's leaving to do something else or he's.

Manning the camera or doing he's never stopping he's always fixing something he's always evaluating the area to see what he can do me. I get exhausted just watching him okay. But you want those kind of feel. But you have to know and to understand that along with those an admirable physical qualities there's some mental and emotional characteristics that you have to use and managed effectively you can't treat them all with the same template you know.

TJ is a very wood person with a side order of metal. Tina very metallic as well as being ver as very very would would not do well in a very earthy environment where people are kind of kicking back being very comfortable watching you know they have their favorite chair and they have you know they're just you know earth people work hard. But they don't work for the sake of working he that's what he does his earth right. Yeah.

But it's there. So he can work you understand. Earth people have their favorite chair and nobody better sit in it right. If you look.

At an earth person just like like. TJ is saying everything is within reach they don't have to move earth people don't like to move when they go to work they go to work to take care of the family. So they can go on vacations. So they could spend time with their family right.

That's why they're at work that's an earth personality right. What people they work because they need to work they can't sit still they have to be productive they have to be doing something they work hard they play hard all right. Metallic people are always finishing stuff it's like nothing's ever quite done right. So they're always things are going from they go from organization which is a wood quality to orderly which is a metal quality right.

You know you get someone like. TJ gets very metallic when he does a lot of crafts work when he does a lot of like home furnishings and things like that he's very very meticulous in them in the moldings and all those things. So that's his metal side coming out. But his drive to get things done is very much out is very would.

So understanding these aspects of people and again we'll go deeper into that in in the. January training where we talk about personality and temperament what we're talking about today mostly is like lifestyle and constitution work. So if you're looking at classical. Chinese medicine you'd be looking at.

Jing. Qi. Shen. Ling and.

Ming okay. Jing it roughly equates to lifestyle and. Constitution which can also relate to trauma history she relates to personality and temperament. Shen relates to psycho emotional and cognitive issues charisma mental illness or mental health those kinds of things okay.

Well the deception versus honesty. Ming is about your golden path you're finding your mandate from heaven it's more of the for the divinatory prognosticated side of things and. Then. Ling is more of the mystical magical tree alright.

And that branches into advanced geomancy which you call. Fung. Shui which is actually a form of earth magic that's largely been watered down in this country very powerful stuff. But you don't need to know.

Ling. Jing. Zhi. Shan you just need to know ok.

-. I want to study life style. Constitution and health issues do. I want to study personality and temperament do.

I want to look. At psycho-emotional environment right. And that's how. I'm organizing the face reading material into into modules and segments that are directly related to where we need to use them right.

Yes. For real. Lillian bridges. Lillian actually was known as one of the leading authorities on.

Fung. Shui before she started making it her name for herself in face reading if you go to. Lotus. Institute comm she's actually expanding her line of books that she's offering she just finished a cookbook.

Actually yeah she's a big foodie. I think she's giving. Elizabeth. Taylor a run for her money in terms of marriages.

But. But she's an expert on it. So well it's interesting that sometimes we don't take our own advice we see what we want to see right. And it's interesting that you know people are asking about errata you know sexuality an erotic hypnosis one of the most challenging lovers you'll ever have is the metallic lover because metallic lovers have a specific way that you have to make love to them it has to be the same way every time which dries fire people crazy conspire people are putting on costumes are dressing up like a bull peed there's somebody different every time different positions throwing them around put them in a suplex tuck you know what whatever that's a fire person you can always tell a fire person because when they come home from work there's a trail of clothing from the door to the bedroom because they're throwing [ __ ] off right.

There they're all over the place right. They're very energetic they never sit down right. Would people like. I'm here.

I need to go there [ __ ] you right. Metallic people. I need to go here. But.

I need to make sure everything is just right. Before. I leave and. I need to make sure.

I do this route to this place and. Then go this way and. Then get the idea what our people are kind of go with the flow. But they can be very willful because you know actually the water element is actually the seat of the willpower.

So there's actually a water. Trek sure there's a trait that chase use discovered a facial trait that there's not a lot of empirical studies on it yet. But it dovetails perfectly with face reading that in women who are he saw this in a lot of the like the. Manson girls the cult members that there was a very uh on those particular women there was a very pronounced smoothness to the lower eyelid that indicated something about being a you know susceptible to the cult-like influence and things like that.

I haven't done enough research on that to find out if that's if that's just a fluke or if there's more to it. But the eye the eye itself the eye socket is related to the water element which is also related to the will right. The eye the open the width of the eye is open is the heart which is the is the the the lion's share of you. So if you think about that there's a huge a huge correlation between suggestibility and belief systems moon will power and the.

Shen right. So. I haven't fully mind that out yet. But.

I think there's something there worth exploring right. I haven't found enough good pictures of the mansion girls that. I can actually examine that that trait. So.

I'm talking with chase right. Now see if he can send me some. I want to know how he found that trade or or whatever. But it's interesting that you can one of the things that you can always count on we got some good lip people in the room.

So we'll play with lips a little bit let's talk about lips well you want to talk about lips you want a lot of motions motions they always want to talk about emotions that's all right. Now it's fine it's actually one of the most to me when. I. First start looking at all the different graphs this was the one that jumped that that jumped out at me right.

Away because. I'm a therapist right. And and once. I understand what your emotional environment your emotional world is like.

I know what buttons to press or not right. So if you're looking at now these are not to be confused with micro expressions micro expressions are momentary expressions that happen in like an eighth of a. Second as we're trying to process or hide an emotion okay. We're trying to conceal it in some way.

So it leaks. But it's only there for a fraction of a. Second if you put this in context. I believe what you're seeing here is the consequence of a lifetime of micro expressions expressing the same emotion multiple times over years okay.

So some of the ones that we want to look. At. First and that's why. I kind of started with this area oops because this is where.

I stand to go. First if you notice how your eyes. Just naturally track it starts at like just above the eyes. And.

Then it's kind of zigzags down. So when. I when. I'm organizing the the traits and stuff that we're doing in.

January that's how. I'm organized. I'm not organizing it by. Jing.

Qi. Shen. I'm organizing it by eye tracking and. Then.

I'm gonna give you all the traits for that area. So little you can just go the way your eyes. Naturally move and start to unpack what's in front of you. So that makes it now.

I'm gonna do a master track. Later on where. I teach you the classical energetic approach. But.

I think what's more important for people is that they can go in out and start just using it right. Away and. I think that this gives us the cleaners out a lot of nomenclature that's largely useless unless you're a healer unless you're an oriental practitioner right. So you can come and get that stuff on the back end and.

Then decide what you want to do with it that's in it that's how. I'm looking at it. Anyway okay. So see to the stamp very important okay.

Let me erase this. So if we look. At clockwise the one o'clock position right. Here these are skepticism lines.

So when you see these lines up here these are people who are gonna take everything you say with a grain of salt. Joe has a huge one do this right. Here you don't believe [ __ ] yep no. Doesn't have to be no.

No. No. It's not really that big he might be more skeptical because people are trying to sell him [ __ ] all the time he's also a. Salesman.

So you noticed well it's on his right. Side right. But you may get him in the bar and tell them what a hunky guy he is he - it up right. Right.

Katie she's pretty smooth. So you can you can tell her anything. Jeff's got a huge one right. Here okay.

More deep notice it's more deep in his public side than it is on his private side right. You know not. So much you got a teeny one right. There you got one here you're actually oh you gotta get hit on a lot when you were younger guys telling you all kinds of [ __ ] didn't they that was just an extract again you'll start these intuitive channels will start to open because the skepticism line is on her private side.

So who would be lying to her most often in her private life guys right. She heard the same line pick up line too many times right. Okay. Now you'll believe anything you're told no.

A little bit you got a nice one right. Here. But it's only there when you smile yeah she's very smooth here. But here is you got people making excuses for not turning in their homework.

So doesn't make a difference if you scrunch your face or don't um it's more pronounced if you can if it's there when you're not scrunching. But you'll see a lot of times when people have like they go into grief or they feel sad those lines just pop out. I had. AI.

I cleared an old grief. I don't even know what it was. I'm not even sure exactly. I have an idea what it was from.

But. I was up my. Last face reading class one of the most triggering places. I ever go is a face reading class because you get in the room with.

Lillian and your whole neurology is going here let me emote on you right. Whether you want it to or not this [ __ ] just bubbles out by like halfway through the. Second day. I'm plowing through all the food she's brought like it's going out of style because my system needs to ground right.

It's not uncommon for me to go to a five-day training come home 12 pounds light heavier because it's just getting in the room and going through that process starts your body to just transmute thank. God she brings relatively healthy food. But. Then again by the end of the.

Second day they've gone through that now they're up to sugar right. Yes. The question like when we raise our eyebrows of men we want to hear and people are more problem to talk to us right. So that's what we mostly create.

I mean that's when you can see these lines and. So when you're skeptical. Then we go like this mmm all right. Or sometimes you get the.

Spock eyebrow weed out in one right. Good. So basically right. Now how is it possible that these lines are actually skepticism when if.

I want to hear what you're saying if. I'm really interested create those well you're soon you're associating behavior with emotion okay. And there's not necessarily the correlation in this context in this context thought. I don't.

I don't know that there is or isn't. But. I would add this to me doesn't necessarily mean remember when you remember when you're when you're skeptical you're not you're not waiting to hear you're evaluating what's being said your your eyes. Are tend to squint little bit you.

Millie right. That's more skeptical yeah where. I supposed to write. I guess my question is when you do that is that is that how you create these lines.

But. I'm sure that's part of it. I'm sure there's much more to it than just that. But.

I'm sure that's part of it was this line like three how do you create. I mean by crying. Russian tea or not crying as the case may be holding it more often and not these lines are indicative of things you're not expressing if you've any when you express them properly they tend to go away you literally can lose a wrinkle. I've seen it where you don't come in that comment on the online someone said exactly the same thing on the.

YouTube guy did the other day yeah yeah okay. So oops. I'm gonna do that. I gave him a black eye.

So skepticism very common we're gonna do this again. I don't want to. I don't well we're here all six. So.

I got all the time in the world to do this. But and. I should ask this. I know the answer already.

But you guys want to actually take a lunch break or you guys are just keep going all right. TJ's like. I want to eat goddamnit if you guys want to get some food you're more than welcome to go and bring it back if you want to continue training. I will tell you that around two-ish the elevator stops running.

So you will have to use the stairs to get in and out if you need to move cars you might want to do that now right. So just putting that out there joy can be seen at the it starts at the outer canthus. I mean. James the size of that nope no.

You're fine. I mean just erase this and where's the. I want to change the size here there we go that's better. So when you're talking about enjoy most of these lines we're going to deal with now deal with beside from joy deal with some kind of loss okay.

And again it starts at the outer canthus of the eye and comes upward now you're fine most of the time unless that whoops do we spill okay. So you see this a lot usually you're gonna have the you're gonna see the inverse of that too which is sadness which is a line that starts from the inner can. Tyler campus and goes down okay. Now every now and.

Then you'll see people whose line starts here and travels way up past the brow the higher the line. Pat travels past the brow you're now starting to go from joy or excitement to mania these are people who will be manic-depressive they may have bipolar disorder they just even met you know we have a president who has these lines. So. I use up at 3 o'clock in the morning tweeting right.

Not a good thing in turn you know they can be very productive. But they can also be very very volatile volatile right. So in a [ __ ] and what we call a. Shen disturbance you may see those kinds of lines a cycle emotional disorder okay.

So and and it's important also that when we talk about joy do we understand the. Chinese or. Asian concept of joy if you go to. Chinese medical training they'll tell you that too much joy hurts the heart when they're talking about pathological joy what they're talking about is excitement like you've heard stories that people win the lottery dial heart attack that's excessive joy heart joy that's.

So extreme the heart stops right. People who take too much coke in their heart just can't take it right. That's joy right. From a pathological perspective the healthy part of the healthy version of joy the.

Chinese espouse that's good for the heart is more like contentment peace does that make sense. So you understand the degree of difference right. Joy in terms of being path lot is an adrenaline rush like a way too strong adrenaline rush over too much time and you'll see that a lot of times with people especially here. I could it question is will.

I well. I got too much [ __ ] in the way see if. I can it's not letting me move [ __ ] darkened areas on the outer corner of the eye and indented. I don't actually know.

I don't actually know. I'd have to see the traitors say let me take a look. At your eye sweetie some people. So she has actually when.

I you know. I get hard with the makeup because she accentuates her features very well here you notice how she has very sharp very sharp corners in here that's fire those are fire traits sharp fire energy can be seen in the corners you know. I said there may be something fire related there now we talk about dark areas in the eye a lot of times that can be kidney issues if the temples themselves are dark and indented this is somebody who's probably got a problem with some form of addiction indented temples are what we call a desire for altered states an altered states can be drugs they can be meditation it can be spiritual experiences it can be anything. So when you see like if you look.

At classic. Robert. Downey jr. right. He's got this massive indentation right.

He's craving altered states and he. Finally made the transition from drugs to martial arts. But now from what. I understand he hyper doses on vitamin right.

So there's he's reoriented that that behavior to something that's more healthy more positive. But it's still there. I have huge indentations right. And you look.

At what. I do right. Some mine tend to be a little bit brighter. But if it's really dark it's usually somebody who's coping with some kind of substance issue no.

I have brighter. Later temper yeah yeah although. I have an addictive personality to the kiss not touching it. Anyway that's a different there we go okay.

A line that's really cool we don't see it that often. But it's really cool when we see it is called a transformation line. I'd go one yeah and what these usually symbolize is you went through some long dark night of the soul sometimes those long dark nights lasts for decades. But as a you know you came out of it on the other side with a revelation that changed you and transformed you in a deep spiritual level.

So. I think it's either it's on the left side you have three hello welcome you're welcome coming back and forth. I actually been checking it now watching it see why it's setting and trying to figure out a lot of times they'll come out when you're doing something on your path like. Lilian talks about when she met the.

Dalai. Lama or watch the. Dalai. Lama there's this phenomenon in in.

Chinese medicine they called. Buddha wings and. Buddha wings kind of look. Like this okay.

And if you will get the pictures of the. Dalai. Lama when he's not teaching there they're there. But they're very subtle and if you take a look.

At if you take a pic look. At a picture when he's actually teaching there like. So many times when you go into the state associated with that marking the marking gets amplified. So let me close this loop when.

I was in. Lillian's training. I was thinking. I was going through some stuff some tough stuff emotionally in my relationships and and even actually and it brought up stuff from past relationships and.

I woke up the. Next morning. I didn't. I didn't put the two and two together.

I had this mark. I had this wrinkle. I swear. I could fit my finger in it from the outer canthus all are the inner canthus all the way down and it would not go away and that night.

I went. I went through some meditative stuff or whatever what is. I did. I didn't sucked it up and went through it when.

I woke up the. Next day. I was gone. But.

Then and. I asked. Lily and what it was cuz. I didn't know what the hell this just it was like booop her pee right.

Oh guess who's coming to dinner right. And. I mind if. I move in for a while and.

I asked. Lily. I said what is it looks like very old grief right. So these things can leak doormen below the surface and.

Then a trigger comes in and it's usually a sign that you're processing it out it's not a bad thing don't try to make the wrinkle go away fully engage in whatever the neurology is expressing and that'll live the marking will go away it's when you try to repress these things or divert your attention from it that you you prolong it okay. And that's when. I keep telling you guys you got to run into the burning building that everybody else wants to run out of if you want the maximum transformation in the minimum amount of time that's what makes you an evolving human being and not an animal it's very intuitive animals run towards the things that that feel good and they run away from the things that make them feel bad it's counterintuitive to run as passionately towards the things that make you gonna run away as dust or the things that make you feel good and do the inverse you away from the things that draw you there because of the pleasure as as a decision you understand. But it's not until you go through those experiences and you realize the truth of it that you're willing to do those things right.

And it's not easy if it were easy everybody be doing it right. You guys are a little bit different than the average average bear because you chose to be here you self selected to become more conscious to become more self aware to tap into all that you're capable of being right. That inquirer that requires you to do something different than what you've been doing does that make sense okay. No.

One said is gonna be easy. But it is worthwhile right. And that's the thing to hold on to it's not easy. But it is worthwhile don't ask for them one of the very wise person once said don't ask for the world to be easier ask for yourself to get tougher okay.

So transformation lines you see the easy ghost you know right. Away somebody went through some [ __ ] and they came out of it with some kind of enlightenment or or in a lesson that dramatically changed them. I've gone through a bunch of those [ __ ]. I only got one line.

I got. I got gypped all right. We talked about this one earlier this is a health issue if you see these mark knows sorry where's my where's my doggone it my ongoing war with where's my my draw thing there's to come in damn it where'd it go here it is we'll just do this okay. When you see these now we're my cursor go okay.

Jesus. Christ what a nightmare all right. So these lines here you can see them really good on me. Matt you can see these double lines here when you see these you know somebody somebody somewhere has got blood pressure stuff going on right.

Now if this is a sign of blood pressure irregularities okay. Can you see it okay. The way. I one of the things that was explained to me one of the things that was explained to me with this was that these people tend to overreact to things having this nervous laugh right.

And. I'll explain. I don't. I don't know how it is for every else.

But wave manifests for me is when somebody gives me bad news. I have this amazing like startled response like my heart just just like this bolt of lightning that hits my heart in my pericardium right. And. Then.

I have to calm down and it lasts for a while from you right. I don't know how it works for everybody else. But that's kind of what happens also it tends to signal irregularities in the blood pressure whether not always height not necessarily always hypertensive or high potency sometimes it's just rapid fluctuations and when we talk about like glycemic problems like hyperglycemia versus hypoglycemia versus displace see. Mia hyperglycemia means you got too much blood sugar hypoglycemia needs your blood.

Sugar's low this. Class. C means you have a rapid highs and rapid lows and your fluctuating between them this is kind of what that signals in terms of blood pressure and emotional response extremes does that make sense yes. Blood pressure blood sugar is going to show up here spleen and pancreas is in this area wrinkles lines horizontal lines across the rib yeah we're gonna talk about about trauma lines and things like that on the face.

I don't know how if how much of it we'll get into because you know we got other things we want to cover. But. I wanted to give you guys just a sample platter if. I could of what's possible for you as a face reader and their face readers averaged about 500 to 700 ollars a session.

So it's not bad money right. And again depending on what your app showed you can go into health and lifestyle with it you can go into persuasion influence applications with it you can you know you can become a fortune-teller if you want to write you can you can look. At it and. I'll foot you know you can go a lot of different ways with it okay.

So let's go ahead and erase this real quick okay. So joy lines we want those the. Next one we're gonna talk about is sadness lines sadness lines start at the inner camp are the outer canthus and they descend down okay. Most of us have these because you know you experience joy if you've had that if it's an intense sadness or you've had it for a bit longer you haven't fully processed it out these lines will start to grow we call this sorrow okay.

So one of the things. I want you to become aware of is that every organ system can be found on the face the entire body can be found on the face head is here arms are here legs are here okay. So we can look. We could actually treat the the arms and legs here on the face we can needle those areas or whatever we can also look.

At the individual organs of the of the body itself and treat those through the face and we can also see because every organ has emotions connected to it and. So when the markings on the face passed through the area that pertains to a specific organ you can guess you can extrapolate that either the organ itself is causing the problem or the emotion is affecting that organ for those of you who are doing hypnotherapy anytime you get a grief patient i guarante or a lung problem patient. I guarantee you start unpacking grief grief sadness sorrow right. The longer they have it the longer they hold on to it the more it starts to move down the face right.

And what you'll see and by the way this is the lung area these are the lobes of the lungs yeah oh yeah it'll be a you'll just see correlations you'll see it on you if you see a marking here you can look. At their tongue look. At the lung area on the tongue you can feel the pulse listen feel the lung pulse right. There are definite corroborate ory signs throughout the system that you can use to verify what you're doing right.

And they gotta remember that each of these these organ systems are energetic systems their feedback loops their feedback loops the. Oregon and the. Oregon energy system are connected. But they're not the same thing the physical organ and the energy system also has the emotional component.

So you can't the. Chinese never separated that out only only the. East the. Western cultures did that they separated mine from body they looked at the human body has just spare parts right.

Not an integrated communications network think more like you know from a. Newtonian perspective they were wheels in a clock as opposed to like the internet or something like that right. And. So we need to go back to this idea of a holographic information processing system where everything is connected by consciousness that transduce is up or down in terms of frequency and vibration and a law of correspond reign supreme right.

Love correspondents the law of analogy these are the two things we look. At the body. Chinese medicine shows us more clearly more practically than any other system out there how that's all interrelated and a way that we can use it yeah would you give us thank you pressure that we can use on a daily basis some points where we can press and feel yeah tens of what you want to do what do you want to accomplish different point prescriptions creates a professor here massage you guys will like that a massage yeah we'll talk about that yeah because you won't you'll be walking with a limp afterwards you think. I'm joking that'll be the ladies trust me the.

First time. I started doing a teaching air massage. I had lines out the door it was like a. Ferengi lovefest and for those of you remember.

Second generation. Anyway my life fun all right. So let's let's look. At the organs because this is important right.

This is when you look. At this is what. I see when. I look.

At the face these are all your organs right. Where do though where do those lost love lines run they lung right. Through the lungs where those sadness lines run they run right. Through the lungs where the sorrow lines run right.

Through the lungs. So when you're when you're dealing with any kind of respiratory issue someone's coming you with asthma allergies emphysema post. COPD you're gonna see markings of some kind here okay. As you resolve the emotional underpinnings these may start to disappear and they can disappear very quickly and a lot of it.

I think depends on how you address the problem. I think in a face-reading context if the markings here call your attention and you start unpacking it from that perspective those lines will disappear this is my theory. I don't know. I believe those lines will disappear faster.

I believe if somebody's coming to you and hit no. Therapeutic context for lung problems and you unpack it and you regress to cause these may disappear these. I don't know if that's a sitter faster or not and. I don't know if that we would think to check right.

But. I'm sure they're interrelated yes. Not in hypnotherapy. But.

I do in face reading factor that's what we're gonna do. Next after we covered some of the things on the face. I'm gonna have you guys do some readings on each other which you've got it like five or six emotions that you can look. For and.

I want you to read their faces. First. I want you to do and. I will have.

TJ set up a a stable photo location you can take a before picture you go do a reading maybe unpack some stuff get them to talk about he might get them into a mode or be tearful or whatever and take an after picture notice there's any difference there may or may not be yeah we mean yeah if they're open to it okay. Most of you are trained and now. Jeff might have like what the [ __ ] are they doing if you can point to where you feel it. Jeff you can fix it that's it fella that's what makes what we do.

So user friendly it's a point-and-click therapy right. Point where you feel it fix it right. But this is what we're talking about. So people are asking about blood sugar issues blood sugar issues are gonna show up here usually as lines or multiple lines across this area okay.

We talked about going back let's go back to my this one. I see a lot and it's not on and what's interesting is it's not on the facial map which i think is might be an oversight on. Lillian's part when you see lines that start here and move down here into that spleen and pancreas area you're looking at anxiety anxiety and overthinking okay. A lot of you have this one that means just shape right.

It's like the gerbil on a treadmill sure all right. You just keep thinking about [ __ ] over and over again and this is a common thing in post-traumatic stress in hyper vigilance in feelings of rejection and stuff like that self-criticism we start running scenarios over and over and over again in our head trying to find some way to resolve it. But that there's no. Resolution it's just you're just running that cycle over and over again.

So when you see that you know how they're living their life they spend a lot of time worrying about stuff and if you pace it now you they start to open up because you've demonstrated an understanding of their world that you couldn't possibly have known because they never told you and you start getting attributed certain knowledge and omniscience that makes them very suggestible to you okay. So understand that these three areas. Jil a sadness sorrow and when it gets really long it goes all the way down here it's into grief you'll see this a lot with people who have lost a loved one a lot of times they're caregivers and they can't get past the loss they have things that haven't been said things they needed to say things they wanted to resolve and there's no. There's no.

Outlet for that and. So it it toxified and it goes deeper okay. Finally in the in the in context of loss there's this area. I'm gonna use a different marker for this one this is gonna be a big one because when we talk about.

Golden. Path you're gonna see this a lot because this [ __ ] happens okay. It's called lost loves a lost loved line starts at the inner canthus and travels down through the lung towards the same intersection point as grief now lost loves contrary to you know it appears that this might relate only to romantic things lost love pertains to anything that that caused you to become more embodied that lifted your spirit that you absolutely that was a pillar or a building block of your identity that you lost all right. So.

I example. I sometimes use is like let's say when you were you know if you're a little girl or a little boy for that matter maybe you loved horseback riding you know you it's all you thought about that was the one of the biggest most joyful most enlightened um made you feel more alive than anything else and. Then years. Later you meet somebody who not only do they not like horses they're like they can't even be around them they can't think you know they're just.

I have an issue with horses and. So because you love this person you give up horses you'll mark. So when you find these lines this person has lost a valuable part of some activity or some pursuit that was a major portion of who they are and as a healer as a reader you have to find a way to get them to tap into that talk about it and bring it back okay. Big.

It's a big deal okay. But notice how all these things have a common theme loss unresolved loss unexpressed loss okay. When you see somebody going along those same lines when you look. At somebody's lower lids and you see puffiness or discoloration here this is one of two things it's either gonna be tired kidneys or unshared tears.

So when you see the the puffy bags here they're either getting close to kidney exhaustion they're retaining water or they have tears that they haven't shed yet and. So you need them to get to release that they get them to release those okay. Questions okay. We're gonna do two or three more and.

Then we're gonna let you guys play a little bit okay. Humor humor is fun most of the time you''re lines can be seen by a little little wrinkle right. In the lower lip here since we're on lips we'll talk about some more fun things about lips full lips equal a lot of earth energy we a wider mouth and with the way we calibrate width of mouth if we take the corner of the nose and we draw a straight line as tight as we can if the mouth touches that line it's normal if the mouth doesn't reach the line it's small if the lips without smiling move beyond that line you have a large mouth large mouths imply a lot of earth element energy which is equivalent to being generous more generous average mouths average generosity small mouth not quite as generous doesn't mean they can't be just means happens fewer and farther between does that make sense when you smile your. Els your.

Joker the corners of your mouth automatically go beyond that triangle that's why people tend to be more generous when they're smiling [Music] hint make him smile. Then ask him for something right. And your kids know this you know as a kid you need to take the car and the. First thing you know is who's in a better mood mommy right.

Because that they're likely you're smiling they're likely to give you what you want right. So very very powerful highly developed upper lip this is somebody who let me get my notes real quick. I may have to just default oh there we go all my lip notes full lips tend to be generous. But tend to give more of the self and time than gifts.

So somebody who has a very full mouth will develop will spend more time of their give you more of their time. Then they will stuff right. People with a full upper lip how about desire for intense emotional experiences they may have a tendency to exaggerate things not saying anything right. Now what's interesting what's interesting about about this particular trait is that it does actually correlate to a handwriting trait in handwriting you have an upper zone a middle zone and a lower zone and we talk about lower lower loops and the bigger the lower loop the more exaggerated.

Appert these people are great storytellers like uh-huh oh yeah the more the bigger the loop the greater the level of imagination okay. So if this person has like a flat tire on the way to a training or work or something by the time they get to where they're going it's a three-car collision they were almost killed they had to call the paramedics all right. They tend to have that tend to be a little bit more suggestible than others okay. So they have a lot of imagination a lot of variety great lovers usually a lot of what they like they like a lot of different stuff they're very creative.

But if we look. At. I don't want to. So again if the full upper lip desire for intense emotional experiences okay.

But they'll tend to exaggerate when they tell stories they'll blow things out of proportion a little bit no. Depends on the lips. I guess. But full lower lip desire for physical pleasure and.

Henry. Kraus apparently it's a joke you'll get that that's for something else [Music] that was from the webinar if the lip. I'm just gonna give you these if the lip turns out like really full this person tends to be a little bit more on the the word that. Lillian used was lascivious lustful in a not.

So good way that makes sense they tend to have poor sexual boundaries if you can see into their mouth too easily you see this in what that kind of right. There's a rather colorful name for that and. I won't go into it cuz. I we are on public.

I may get banned from. Facebook. If. I say that [ __ ] they and a lot of times it shows either abuse or sexual and are they're sexually promiscuous.

I shouldn't. I don't want to show this one. I don't wanna make the ladies self-conscious your sexual organs are on your face don't laugh you got them too. I can tell a lot about your private parts by looking at your lips and your nose.

So if a person's lips are very out turned they tend to have poor vaginal tone right. None of you here have that. So just. So you know your your gynecologist will be very happy here statists right.

So. But the full lips good sign good stuff when they're too much now you're going to the extremes right. Someone who's has poor sexual boundaries is extremely generous in the wrong ways right. But these are things you can look.

At you can write you can look. At you can understand the size of certain private parts by its it we'll talk about that in the matchmaking class okay. So. Anyway.

I just wanted to put that out there no. Pun intended okay. So another one you get a lot of people in this class have this it's called a human angel marking it's a little indentation right. Here human angel markings are people who are extremely compassionate they usually have a strong desire to be caregivers and helpers they're always a little bit sad though because there's a part of there's a very conscious part of them that knows they're from somewhere else spiritually speaking and this ain't it.

So there's a part of that always kind of wants to go back there. But they know they're here to do a job physiologically this tends to correspond with anemia some forms of anemic behaved. Constitution. So these people are always a little bit blood deficient as we say in.

Chinese medicine right. And that happens physically as well as metaphor that we're always giving of ourselves. So we have only we always have a little bit less for ourselves right. And.

So these people have to have to kind of force themselves to pamper themselves. So that they have something to give otherwise they'll give until they have nothing left and. Then be very upset because it never seems to come back okay. That's exacerbated if you have very sparse eyebrows if there's a lot of things we can you can start to trace stack after awhile.

But just learn this stuff individually. So humor lines are cool you're going to see this you guys are going to see these a lot the. Next two or three you're gonna see these a lot as caregivers you're gonna see fear disappointment and bitterness let me erase these and show and clarify these for you and it any questions from our folks at home for example. But along the.

I horizontally. Then go down at the outer corner of the eye kind of like sadness. I think she's talking about pain. But we'll get to that in just a.

Second okay. So. First and foremost and did you guys take a picture of this this graph because you're probably gonna want it when you start doing face readings okay. Fear is like dimpling right.

Now if it's if it's there without them having to like change their facial architecture it's mean it's much more long-standing if it only happens when they're talking about a fearful experience it's a little bit more how would you say it's quite as serious or as chronic. But it's still there it's just hidden. So look. At our president has these all over the place by the way in case you didn't notice this appointment starts at the outer corner of the mouth and goes down bitterness is multiple lines here okay.

So you'll see that these often go to these three often go together over nurturing disappointment and bitterness yes. Why are they smoking right. Usually smoking is some form of attempt at controlling negative emotions or state of creating a state change and it's usually because they're stressed anger bitterness fear bitterness and as externus is extremely toxic right. And what happens in it from my perspective the pathology the pathogenesis it starts with over nurturing.

Then the over nurturing because nothing ever comes back they become very disappointed and over a prolonged period they become very bitter about it does that make sense and you see this a lot with people who develop cancers they're stuck in life situations where there constantly giving their country and there's no. Way out for them and at some point that energy builds up and they decide to check out because that's the only way they can see to get out of the situation that make sense. So even though. I'm.

T. I was taught these things singly. But if you think about the pathogenesis motives of the time we're over nurturing we're giving our resource it's not coming back or. Distronic lee disappointed by the family members the people in our life the relationships whatever it is we start to develop that and.

Then we get really bitter about it right. Yes. You want to have some fun especially when you see people that have over nurturing lines asking two questions what do you do and do you have children and. I find predominantly especially women that have the over nurturing lines mhm almost always have children or they're in the healthcare teacher or some type of where they're taking care of children of people and.

I know a few people that have those predominantly a friend of. Mines mother ironically we would classify us not a very attentive caring at she just wasn't a great mother. But very angry zero over nurturing lines on her upper lip. But her bottom lip for bitterness and fear holy cow just great mm-hmm good okay.

So. I call that the big three they may they may show up individually or they may show up all together. But theoretically from my perspective at least. I think that that's kind of the basic path there's no.

Such thing as an emotionally healthy cancer patient. But when you see things like fibromyalgia when you think things like where anywhere you think their secondary gain you're probably gonna see these markings because the secondary gain is an answer to a problem by having a health issue they get out of having to do something else and. So you have to unpack that and make sure that you found a way to to satisfy that need as you're going through the process does that make sense okay. The.

Last one were the two. Last two final ones that we're going to deal with well all right. We'll just do the. Last three like it.

First of all pain pain starts at the outer campus and rather than going outward like sadness it goes inward towards the nose at a diagonal this might have been what danke was talking about physical or emotional pain starts at the outer canthus and moves inward okay. So if you have somebody's got back pain or chronic elbow pain for a long period you may start to see markings going this way okay. And. Then.

Finally purpose lines are good lines these are lines that run again from the same the same point as the triangle of the mouth. But these go down these are kind of we call them laugh lines these are signs that you are on your path that you you're on your golden path. So you can look. At certain people and you can know if they're more on on track in their personal life or their public life right.

If they're balanced and. Then they're doing both right. But you can look. At some people and say there's nothing on one side and they're really locked.

So they may have a horrible horrible marriage or family life or whatever. But their job is just glorious for them right. So these are good lines to have we're always trying to get rid of lines these are ones we want these are the chassis these are the best lines to have because it shows you're doing what you came here to do directly or indirectly okay. So we want to focus on purpose that's another one that's really important and some of you have these some of you don't these are called auditory intuition lines they're like little gills right.

In front of the ears. I got good ones these are in these are developed [ __ ] detectors these people usually it started off for them for most of them as a form of hyper vigilance they grew up in an environment where parents were either constantly in denial of certain things where they had to emotionally or verbally behavior walk on eggshells because saying the wrong thing would would result in pushback and they had to learn how to listen between the lines yeah. So to speak to know what not to say and what to say. So these people have a very very highly refined ability to sense the truth from falsehood and to kind of get a read on on people's moods and emotions and know what's going on with them.

But it starts out as a form of hyper vigilance okay. They're also physiologically there tends to be a predisposition to dehydration. So it's very important that they've monitored their water metabolism and stay hydrated to be. I.

I'm huge that way. I have the worst problem with water metabolism most of the time and some people accuse me being able to hear [ __ ] really well. So you couldn't move it's all he had right. You got.

Erickson. Lions right. Erickson gills right. So.

So those are the things that now when we're doing we're doing face readings it's very very important to be be very compassionate and heart centered when you start reading people because they will become extremely suggestible to you right. You don't walk up to someone with small leaders and say you're going down [ __ ] right. It is not true. First of all it's completely not true you don't say you're a fearful person right.

That's not true either right. Even though functionally behavior that might be what's going on in a paleo level at an emotional level or a self-identity level that's not how they see themselves and they're certainly not gonna cop to it. But you can say things like small year is generally indicated most people that you're not much of a big risk-taker you like to kind of play things a little bit on the safe side like the sure thing more than taking us. Yeah right.

Right. So you think cold reading types of phraseology is when you do this describe the behavior don't give the label does that make sense describe the behavior and do it in a way that's compassionate right. Because remember when people when people people are their own favorite subject and when you start reading them they're like their hearts like wide open and if the. First thing happens is you punch them in the nards emotionally speaking because that's the.

First thing that jumped out at you and that's what will happen when you look. At somebody's face as a face reader something will grab your attention. First yeah you have to show and be compassionate and sometimes you have to poke the poke the bear a little bit and you watch their eyes. Do their eyes.

Light up or dim when you start talking because you want to provoke them. So that they can start to emot-- a little bit. So they can talk about it and process it and if the lies are lighting up you're you're making progress because this chen is coming back and sometimes it will be preceded by tears or some kind of emotion. So again your therapists your healers now your counselors when you look.

At these people look. At them through the eyes. Of compassion now sidebar if you understood this and you applied what chase used teaches about targeting emotional weaknesses you see what. I'm saying that's next-level [ __ ] good.

Stan when you're you learn how to target and pin and and and and strategically strike people's emotional hot buttons be very careful be very respectful of the power that you have okay. Thank. God only one person on the planet knows both at least now actually there's a whole bunch now who are going jacy's. JCM station face reading face read.

EVP right. But again we're we're think we're the good. Jedi right. But as we clear up our own [ __ ] we clear up other people's [ __ ] there's a whole lot less buttons for the evil.

Jedi to press right. So here's what we're gonna do we're gonna take an hour for this you're going to read three people all right. I want you to find a a consistent background with consistent lighting. I want you to take a before picture.

I want you to do a reading. I want you to take an after picture find a new partner three times as the. Ria's the subject three times as the reader you got an hour to get all three are all six in this case go.
