Title: FREE NLP TRAINING - Speed Success Secrets - Using Hypnotic Language For Persuasion and Influence
File Name: vs2ql_pvINc.txt
Video Id: vs2ql_pvINc
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vs2ql_pvINc

All right. So now. I'm going to get a little bit more technical a little bit more nuts and bolts pardon me while. I'm drinking my product placement all right.

In my original program was called. CPI was good for conversational persuasion and influence we've switched we since chained we kept the acronym. But change the name to critical path of influence and the way. CPI our critical path of influence is designed it's a what we call across contextual influence system it teaches you how to influence people both globally like in a room like this through any form of communication and get progressively more targeted down to one individual.

So if you were to look. At the diagram of how we teach. CPI it would look. Something like this the outer ring.

First of all at the center of the ring always is going to be criterion values okay. If you get nothing else out of tonight. But understanding the importance of a person's criterion values and how to elicit them you've already gotten far more persuasion power than you can begin to imagine okay. I've given you.

Nuggets it. But. I've disguised them in some cases when you ask for person's criterion values you automatically deepen rapport and connection okay. But at the center of this big target idea is at the end of the day everything we do is targeted towards a person's criterion values they're emotional hot buttons they're emotional reasons for doing anything and how they know they're getting it okay.

When. I talk about criterion values. I often talk about relationships where two people in a relationship have the shared value of respect okay. Would it be true to say that most of us want to be respected here's the problem we all shared that we share the label over set.

But how we know we're getting it can be radically different for instance you have a man and a woman man here says that. I know you respect me when you tell me the truth regardless of how you think it might hurt my feelings you just tell me the way it is because you know. I need to know it that's how. I know you respect me you know man.

I'm not to take it whereas his spouse or her spouse and they say. I know you respect me when you take my feelings into consideration before you tell me things and you work things in ways that won't hurt my feelings what do you think is going to happen and both of them do. I feel disrespected why classic rules mismatch the value is there they share the label. But one's eating apples the other ones eating oranges understand this is why you have to know what the labels are and norm and even more importantly or as importantly how do they know they're getting it okay.

You can't just spit somebody's words out and think that's enough many times it is many times it is. But if you start going off the ranch and giving people what they want and the way that you think they're supposed to have it now you got you run into that you're not giving me what. I want good under them again that make sense. So.

I'm very important the. First thing you need to do though before you can even begin to get this crap crap huh being examples aren't actually is the technical term secret hypnotic in. Felicity. I hope that work that in.

First one is state control you've got to know how to go into whatever state you need to be in to create the feelings in the person one create we've started by teaching you how to change your physiology how by going into a physical state of physical configuration of breathing and posture we can change our cycle emotional state which will directly and indirectly change how another person state operates ok. You want to look. Up the science behind that you can look. Up mirror neurons proprioception and go to hard math dot org you'll find all the signs you need to understand how this works.

Plus that. TED talk. I told you about power postures all that goes here all you got to do is change how you stand and how you breathe and you become somebody else okay. Once you have control in your state the.

Next thing you want to do is you want to get rapport control your state get rapport and you want to use your language specifically language pads that's where we're at right. Now you're going to use all of this to manage the states of the person you're seeking to influence utilizing your ability to control your state your ability to get rapport your ability to target values you're going to move them into the states that are conducive for them deciding to do what you want them to do okay. If you had to go into any persuasion process business me sales presentation product project you know or me classroom saying you can follow this process control your state get rapport use your language manage their state targets a criterion values it's very simple its universal will go anywhere the classroom to the boardroom to the bedroom okay. If you're late control your state you know rapport target their criteria values done okay.

Now we're going to cover language in two ways. I'm going to give you some discrete patterns that you can play with. Street linguistic structures we will code in far more in debt and far more comprehensively in the two-day workshop. January 24th and 25th hi.

I would love to see all of you there because. I'm going to just a little bit on you guys okay. So if you can get in there please do. I charge a lot of money for this up.

I'm going to get for most not it's really powerful stuff. But. Anyway that being said state control rapport language pads how many people here it has that's a really weird question how many can we hear by shampoo was argan oil in it or hair conditioner with argan oil or anything. I'm here you shampoo.

Temecula show again it sounds like it sounds weird. But. I'm going to give you guys a homework assignment. I'm going to teach you some language patterns and.

I want you to go home and look. At the things you body the beauty products that you buy and read the descriptions and see how many of the language patterns jump out at you perfect no. Gluten do you know what words like no. Gluten and.

Laurel and sulfate-free are you know they are for adverbs and adjectives they are descriptors there is a specific language pattern known as the adverb adjective presupposition that when it's used effectively lubricates the imagination it causes and forces a person's internal representations or internal pictures to be exactly what the person speaking or writing in that pattern wants it to be and forces the person's own neurology to fill in all the details. But it has to be done structurally correct okay. When you go and if you've ever ever bought a car and still have the brochure go read your brochure these patterns will jump out at you left and right. Okay.

So. I'm going to give you very specific language. I can't go into all of them because most of us want to get. So we got maybe five minutes ready huh.

I didn't say 11. I they didn't tell me 10. I think 10 is enough. But if you haven't signed up the.

Train please dude. I'm going to go for there's a. So you've got the critical path of influence which by the way if all you remembered was that and he just said to yourself okay. First you would get my state right.

Okay. Now. I got a connect now. I have to talk to a person in their own language and use their criterion values whatever skill sets you already have if you just follow that formula you'd be more successful without having to know all these.

NLP techniques or whatever that's what. NLP is missing there's a way to make things applicable and simple it's not that it doesn't work it's just there's too much damn information they don't tell you what's important and what's not okay. When we're going a little back with me what about people that's they're. So powerful they have such a more they light up your room a home enduring they start talking maybe have a reputation and everybody wants to follow them hmm they're not influencing me yeah.

I mean they're influencing me. But. I'm trying to be like them they don't have to worry about them being. So you steal their energy you feel their influence in a nice way well.

I mean by that when you're doing again this is again itself on a sidebar selling and we would teach this in our killer influence programs or our covert influence programs. But there's people who are poor leaders the only person you need to get rapport with is the group leader if you connect with the group leader and get rapport with a group leader and you have the saint you you have given the same status many times as the rapport leader and. Therefore the reported recruit the view the rest of the group will follow you if you get the report me to follow the work will follow. So you might think every single person group you get the person are already following to follow you that make sense.

I can taste is really funny stories when. I was an active um to school about that. But we wouldn't get into our language patterns. So.

I will tease you with that yet again now. So the. First pattern. I talked to you about is called the adverb adjective presupposition okay.

The way you use this is you put the descriptor before the thing it describes okay. Romance novels are written this way all good writing is written this way it's laced with description it's laced with this structure all bad writing is written this way descriptors behind the thing they describe. I'm going to give you the wrong example. First.

So you can experience bad language brushing it's not that it's just painful to listen to and. Then. I'm going to give you some positive examples and. I want you to experience the difference in the qualities of listening okay.

The dog that was orange with one leg rolled painfully on the ground now that was a very odd look. Cognitively dissonant type of a sentence right. I use nonsensical examples to force your brain to pay attention to language differently when. I said dog how many people saw a picture in your head of a dog how many had a one that was.

Orange mmm after. I said exactly you see when you hear the word dog your brain starts to do a search. NLP we call that a trans derivational search it starts sorting through every. Association every memory every connection to the word dog it fires all of them simultaneously it spits the one representation up that it thinks is most relevant to the communication it fires all of them okay.

And. Then it starts to try and guess where you're going to go. Next when. I said that the dog that was orange all of a sudden the picture wasn't orange.

So you had to stop back your picture up turn it orange and keep going. Then you got the. Next discreet which was after the thing you described which had one leg when. I said dog how many had it for like a daughter or one legged dog right.

There's like all that whoa whoa whoa right. Again. I'm using poorly you know very very weird very odd language to force you to pay attention to what your brain is actually doing all bad language. I want to say fan.

I mean language is hard to listen to language that creates disconnection a desire to flee is written that way that the scripters orange one legged painfully are behind the object that they're describing contrast applicants the black robe staff carrying magician majestically walk down the hall even if. I do it slow the black-robed staff carrying magician majestically walk down the hall how much. Nick how easily did your mind create that movie you would how pleasurable how how good did it feel to listen to that description do you feel almost like this lulling kind of uh well yeah you were you were sucked in you were absorbed in the movie all good language all good literature poetry is written with that structure the descriptors come before the things they describe words that fully this category and there are many. But the ones that you will use most often easily naturally automatically unlimited logically.

I'd love logically intuitively naturally as you begin to logically understand how the structure of this amazing language pattern can dramatically lower resistance to your work to my words and begin to create powerful internal representations inside your mind in a way that's pleasurable that's fun to listen to that just causes you to become completely absorbed in what. I'm saying you'll easily begin to understand how just knowing a few of these words can give you unlimited options that allow you to automatically create language that sucks people in gets people excited and just have some completely captivated by everything you say and don't totally recognize that. I'm already doing it too you come out of trance gotcha did not notice that even though you knew. I was doing it you still couldn't resist it you got sucked in.

Anyway congratulations that's global influence anybody who can hear your words or read your letters is under your influence the magic is in the structure okay. Now here's the coolest part you guys all got the message right. Can you remember a word. I said that's right.

Yeah after the. First times. I've gone offline right. One of the byproducts of utilizing trans language properly is spontaneous and.

Lygia okay. You can get the message. But you lose the verbage back when. I was playing with this back in my.

Garth. Snider days we were doing these incredible connection patterns and we had these scripts that we would run the problem with used analyzing. NLP based scripts of it once you went out of script you don't have anything else to say. So.

I ran out of script. But. I realized well there you got amnesia. So.

I'll just say it again. So. I said the exact same script over again we're great the. Second time too there another thing to say again.

So. I was like just do it again two days. Later she winds up on my doorstep she left her husband now it was the whole beginning of a whole world coaster ride and. I'm not my point is don't do that okay.

I have tested this stuff in ways you don't even want to begin to imagine you don't need to be evil different flats got a special meetup for that here's the best part you can have all of these tools all these skills at your disposal and you can be the good guy you can move through the world making everyone around you feel absolutely amazing and get every single thing you want just by helping them get what they want you don't got a beat evil you don't got to take advantage of people you don't got a lie you just got to know what they want and if what you have is a match and if the person in front of you is worth changing who you are to be with okay. One of the key tenets of. NLP is this concept called behavioral flexibility being willing to change who you are and how you do things to match the person you're seeking to communicate with that's where the rubber hits the road okay. We know what our criteria and values are we know what's important to us and how we're getting it we already know who needs to stay in our life and who needs to be.

But needs to leave and that's true whether it's a family relationship it's true whether it's a business relationship or romantic one if the people on your team don't match your values and your rules they're gonna hurt your business everything at the end of the day comes down to criteria and knives you're working as a leader if you can work in conjunction together - you'll seem like you're playing brain another one there's always gonna be some reptile involvement okay. But again remember we need to convey to communicate from the paleo cortex and the limbic system up not the neocortex down the stronger the body feelings and the emotional feelings you generate the. Flynn layer your logic can be a fluid here your data can be and it won't matter that's where the danger comes in because yes. You can't use this to take advantage of people do you need to know there's absolutely there's absolutely no.

Need to do that you can get everything. I loves is excited back. So you can get everything in life that you want if you just help enough other people get what they want it's kind of an. Elvis exhibit.

But thoughtless kind of cold. So that's that's the adverb attitude presupposition go home tonight read your shampoo bottle notice where the silky elegant all-natural words come they're gonna. I guarantee they're going to be before the thing is describing and. I'm telling you the tactic now go back rewrite all of your marketing materials and you will be amazed this work has paid yes.

Yes. Here's the thing though they actually do this in. Spanish. But only in one context poetry.

So if you want to move to the world is something that they pull okay. That's one upset okay. The other thing that we're going to give you and this is a way to begin to write your sales copy and again you guys would make one to this you only just turn me loose how do you want to come people going to leave guess and. I guess.

I better hit this and. I thought yeah all right. So these are some examples easily national automatically unlimited logically intuitive many many more. But they're places that you can play remember to put the descriptors before the things they describe and your your your anything you write or sequel to come exponentially more interesting okay.

The other thing. I'm going to teach you is what we call the five four three two one method this brings us to a concept which dovetails directly with the. Avatar process. I taught you an.

NLP concept called pacing and leaving when you step into your avatar process okay. As you experience the life of the person who you want to present to you want to really pay attention to all the things in life our sense orally or cognitively true in other words what are they seeing what are they hearing what are they feeling way pacing and leading works is your brain is basically lazy if. I call it tension to something that you could verify through one of your five senses your brain says that's true okay. If.

I do it enough times you start to develop this inertia and this laziness takes over we just start assuming that everything that comes afterwards is true. So for instance if. I were to do five patients a patient anything you can cognitively or since are since early verified the chair is made of wood it's black. I'm standing on the stage you can hear my voice these are all things that you can verify this being true you're also having certain thoughts now the only way you can verify that is to go inside and ask yourself how am.

I having certain thoughts which end up itself is a certain thought. Therefore it's true if. I can call your attention to it it becomes a pace anything. I want you to do after that is called a lead.

So when we start to practice 5 4 3 2 1 5 paces and. Then four paces and one lead and. Then three paces or two leads and. Then two paces and three leads until eventually you're just leading.

So it might be something like this as you sit here listening to the sound of my voice hearing my words feeling the weight of your button image it wondering what. I'm going to say. Next you can begin to hear my voice on the inside repeating back to you the words that. I'm saying and as you're getting to hear my words coming back to you both inside and outside you can begin to notice any sensations in your left ear row you're going to draw your attention as it draws your attention you begin to realize you're starting to relax as you begin to relax you may begin to recognize a growing sense of comfort and inner peace as you continue to listen to my words bathing you in a way that just draws you in causes you to focus on what's really true it makes you feel good.

I'll come out of. Trance right. Even though you knew. I was doing it and trying to fight it it still draws you in you can write a sales letter the same way if when you step into your avatar you can see their life and the experiences they're most likely going to have have and you write about them using this format anybody who is a match for your ideal client profile will resonate with those paces and.

Then you can tell them what to think or do. Next. So you can do this like paragraphs in your process you can do this like sentences in a paragraph a lot of different ways to utilize that it is this for yeah you know it's a business owner that if your business isn't growing is dying right. If it's not making money you're losing money if you're not maximizing every every minute you spend in your business to capitalize on it that's lost opportunities true not true maybe it is maybe it isn't.

But it's a global pace it's something that every business owner has to think about right. That's how you use it step into that context what's it like for someone to be in pain who's back her. So badly can you add a bed in the morning chase it describe it put him in what about the being an expert there's not what people might if you establish yourself as an expert can't you leapfrog over a lot of this in theory yes. But until someone knows you actually get where they're coming from they're not letting to listen to your consider you an expert.

So it's always better especially your talk when you're presenting to women to tell stories that case what they're most likely to experience okay. And if you look. At your sales out of any marketing copy you will find this helmet to sum to greater or lesser degree where they're pacing the experience of the person they're seeking to present to they can yeah it can take many hours. But at the end of the day it comes back to something that is sense orally or verifiably true in the subjects experience and linking it through your language or their language to what you want them to do.

Next get it if you had a good time tonight please post good things to the. Meetup if you didn't have it why don't you say something like you think for a little it just thing stuff and let me speak here and you also give it a very big discount on the class and of course you don't the cool calm and you told some stuff about this topic. But because now it's 10:15 you might want to extend it turned out okay. I love this.

I love. I love you fairies my show if you had a good time please post good things to the. Meetup if you did post to somebody else's. Meetup.

I'm going to. I'm happy to hang out answer any question they have please finish the chocolate finish the coffee thank you all we'll see you guys. Next time.
