Title: V2TPWVBAApI.txt
Video Id: V2TPWVBAApI
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V2TPWVBAApI

All right. Welcome to my world won't you come on in have you had enough candy it's important welcome to secrets of energy hypnosis my name is. David. Snyder um and today we're going to take a little journey together we're going to begin to explore the synthesis of what a lot of us in our profession in our community openly.

Embrace. But often have trouble integrating a little bit about myself real quick because it's all about me um. I've been doing hypnosis since about the age of 15 doing energetics almost as long. I have an eighth degree black belt in an art called ruchu.

Kempo which is an art that specifically deals with manipulating and managing the acupuncture points and meridians of the human body in other words. I'm trying to do things energetically to a body that doesn't want me to okay. I'm also a licensed acupuncturist in the state of. California.

I run a clinic in. Solana. Beach where my specialty is treating physiological illness that has as its roots repressed emotion okay. Which is pretty much everything yeah.

I as as a licensed acupuncturist. I spend a hundred thousand dollars to learn all kinds of cool things about the body that. I never use why because. I can treat most everything faster easier and permanently using the.

Technologies. I'm going to share with you today okay. Now that being said. I don't get the usual clients.

I work almost exclusively off uh up until recently. Anyway uh almost exclusively off medical referral the people. I get are in chronic pain they have terminal illness they have a lot of. I do a lot of trauma work as well um.

But. I get almost. I have 100 success rate with weight loss. But.

I get one a year. So you know take that for what it's worth. I have never had ironically. I have never had a smoking patient.

But. I do get lots of people who don't want to get fixed get that a lot huh how many people are in my uh my instant conversational hypnosis workshop. Last night or yesterday morning rather right. In that um in that.

Workshop. I gave out a process that. I almost never give out in a in a public training it's called the autonomizer formula and it's basically designed to take anybody who doesn't want something and have them generate their own personal reason for wanting to do it and. Then making them fight to do it.

So you really get them resisting you in the direction of change okay. And uh. I know a lot of the people in the room that day were actually you know seeing clients and we're doing a lot of smoking patients and we all know what those kind of people are like right. They're there for every reason other than their own right.

So a little bit more about me uh. I've been running meetups and practice groups in hypnosis and. NLP pretty much since 2003 or 2004 where. I met this kid named.

Scott. Salin and uh this weird guy named. Richard. Clark and.

Then this guy. Richard. Rumble started showing up on the same day. I held my.

First uh my. First get together with the. Los. Angeles.

Sleepwalkers and there was this uh this evil cabal was launched known as. The. Sleepwalkers and uh it's been very it's a very very interesting. Journey over the.

Last 12 years because what began 12 years ago in. Los. Angeles is now something that. Embraces all of you and even though they're not here and they never see this video get a huge huge round of applause to.

Richard. Clark and. Scott. Sandlin for achieving the hypnosis they have truly truly taken a vision and expanded it beyond what we even thought we could do back.

Then and they deserve a tremendous amount of credit for it that being said let's jump into today's topic okay. The. First thing we need to talk about is what the hell is energy by the way after right. On dialogue they've only given me an hour today which was a big mistake because this is a huge topic.

I am going to teach you one technique. I'm going to demonstrate it several times. First and. Then.

I'm going to teach you and let you practice it on each other. I will try to keep as much as the explanations to a minimum at. First and. I will tell you why we many of us operate under the belief that we have to fully understand all the in and outs of something before we can actually do it the two-minute technique.

I'm going to show you. I could spend two days unpacking all the things that are going on in that two minutes linguistically energetically neurologically and we would never get anything done. I would much rather you come out of here with a solid technique that you can pretty much throw at anything that walks into your office and nuke it within about seven minutes if you're slow and that being said. I'm still waiting for confirmation on this.

I recently did a. Skype session utilizing the technique that. I'm about to teach you and in the space of five minutes you know everyone knows what a sub scale is right. I had a gentleman who was suffering from cancer he had it had pretty much spread to all kinds of weird places in his body which is actually we're starting to get more and more of that and people are amazed at what we're doing.

But in a nutshell basically. I had him rate the size on the scale of 0 to 10. how bad that pain was and where the tumor was and he gave me an eight and he actually had he was feeling the mass in his scapula and. I did this technique on her and. I said well how is how is it now he goes six and do it again and he's starting to get a weird look.

On his face four and he's starting to get nervous. I had a feeling. I knew why. But we did it one more time dropped down to a two and he's literally looking for the tumor in his scapula okay.

And he got visibly agitated when we got to it too. So we left it there for now all right. But. I have done this this technique if you target it right.

Can be can be a tumor killer. I've seen it reverse 25 year long cases across the patient. I've seen it reverse herpes outbreaks low back any kind of pain physical or emotional short of and as long as there's no. Recurring biomechanical issue like if they're walking weird because they have an imbalance that can agitates somewhere else.

But even. Then this stuff goes away it doesn't come back okay. So does anybody here have an algae not in the world all right. So here's what.

I want you. I want you to point to where you feel the pain cool now here's what. I want you to do close your inner arms close your eyes. Look.

At it with your inner eyes. On a scale of zero to ten rate the pain yeah. First impression about a four at this point about a four now as you look. At that sensation with your inner eyes.

I want you to notice there's a color connected to it what's the color. First impression the brown brown we should grab all that brown energy take it out and hold it in your hands make sure you get it off because sometimes that hides being a technical term make sure you get it all there you go good sit all in your hands all in your hands okay. Did the color change or stay the same. First impression uh kind of brown or red now excellent now as you look.

At it. I want you to notice it's spinning in a certain direction what direction grab it with both of your hands physically grab it with both of your hands reoriented in space. So it's spinning the opposite of what it was it's now the opposite of what it was double the spin double the amplitude double it again keep doubling it until it takes on a life of its own until it's impossible for it to go back the way it was when you know you've got it slam it back into that spot okay. Notice the change notice it's gone let the feelings come up whatever they are you know.

I try to bring it back thank you. I don't really want to bring it back. I know. But most of the time they can't.

I'm walking easier now than. I had all morning and you know what's really funny about this the reason. I'm at this. Workshop.

So. I saw you do this on. YouTube and my wife was having a knee problem and. I did this to her it worked the very.

First time she loves me now thank you very much anybody else come on all right. What you got for me sweetie what's your name. Felicia. Felicia is is there something physically wrong with the tooth probably can't take care of it now okay.

So you want to get rid of it for now yes. Okay. You will promise to get it looked at though yes. It's okay.

To get rid of it okay. Okay. So points where you feel the pain good now close your eyes. Look.

At it with your inner eye scale of zero to ten rate the feeling fine take it out grab all that red notice the color associated with that that energy what's the color pink grab it all take it out make sure you get it off because sometimes that hides is it all in your hands say she's still digging it out. I told you now as you look. At that did the color changes stay the same it's yellow good notice it's moving in a certain direction it's spinning in a certain direction what direction physically grab it with your hands reorient it in space. So it's the opposite of what it was now double the spin double the amplitude double it again keep doubling it over and over and over again until it takes on a life of its own until it's impossible for it to go back the way it was when you know you've got it slam it back into that spot where's the change how you feeling it's better let's get a little zero to ten okay.

Close your eyes. I'll stop it soon is it the color to stand and different reaching grab the rest of it take it out hold it in your hands see you didn't get it all. Last time double the spin in the direction that makes it feel better double the spin double it again get into it keep doubling it double it over and over and over again until it takes on a life of its own until it's impossible to go back the way it was and when you know you've got it put it back in notice the change let the feelings come up too because sometimes there's an emotional component that we try to repress that's what keeps it locked in that was just going to ten feels good you're gonna be around. Applause come on up oh no.

Oh yes. Sir does this work on the anxiety yes. What you got possibly uh screwed up this a screwed up disc and this is again when we come into that area just because we can fix something should we right. Is it okay.

For us to fix it yeah okay. I don't know that we'll fix the physiological components we might sometimes they go right. Back. I've been working on it and it's improved greatly oh excellent all right.

So. I like to totally get rid of it cool all right. So here's what. I want you to do 0.3.

Philippine okay. You got it sure yeah make sure now by the way um just for those of you who are trained in pain control. I'm doing something here that rapid that instantly violates the. First thing we're taught about pain control you know what that is.

I'm saying where's the pain there's a reason and. I'm gonna. I'll get into the reason why as we go through the mechanics of this you found it yeah excellent now close your eyes. Look.

At it with your inner eyes. As you look. At the sensation. I want you to notice something.

I want you to notice there's a color connected to that feeling what's the color. First impression like a maroon excellent. I want you to reach and grab all that maroon energy take it out hold it in your hands in front of you make sure you've got it all sometimes that hives now you may also notice as you dig that out that there's a a reason that that feeling was there and there's a feeling connected to that reason and that might live in a different part of your body and if that's true we'll deal with that in a minute. But as you look.

At that energy in your hands did the color change or stay the same. First impression yeah it's like a purple brown excellent now as you look. At it notice it's spinning in a certain direction what direction is it spinning this way excellent. I want you to grab it with both of your hands physically grab it and reorient it.

So it's now rotating and moving the opposite of what it was double the spin double the amplitude double the force double the magnitude keep doubling it until it takes on a life of its own until it's impossible for it to go back the way it was and when you know you've got it slam it back into that spot notice the change yeah big round of applause for the lady come on harness yes. Sir oh. I guess they're just gonna line up come on one more time all right. What you got sir.

I have arthritis in my left hip in your left hip how long. I had that four years are you doing weird things that make it bad not anymore what do you feel the pain okay. Close your eyes. Now look.

At it with your inner eyes. On a scale of zero to ten rate the sensation right. Now about a three three excellent as you look. At that feeling.

I want you to notice there's a color associated with it what's the color. First impression kind of a pure green puke green green all right. Reach in with both of your hands and physically take all that green energy out hold it in your hands in front of you make sure you get it all because sometimes it hides especially for arthritis got it all right. Yes.

Okay. Did the color changer stay the same. First impression lighter green okay. Excellent now as you look.

At it. I want you to notice it's spinning in a certain direction what direction is it spinning excellent physically grab it with both of your hands reorient it in time and space. So that it's now moving the opposite of what it was double this time double the amplitude double the force double the magnitude keep doubling it until it takes on a life of its own when you know you've got it slam it back into that spot is the change notices that's the look. Of a happy camper how you feeling great good job thank you.

So you guys are going to have to really extend your pre-talk to do an hour session now here's the cool part we've been handling mostly physical things here it works just as well for emotions okay. By the way you may notice feelings come up you may notice your body sweat a little bit let that happen the body's recalibrating and rebooting itself. So sometimes they'll break out into sweat sometimes you'll see releasing gestures like yawning uh they might tear up uh. First time.

I did this on a guy with a tumor um. I. I. I'll tell you a few.

Genesis of this take a bit. I've only got an hour. So. I have to you know just before speech.

But if you guys want to know more and they can find a room for us we'll you know we'll go deep dish on this. I also have a some sheets. I was going to hand out. I do not have enough.

So um. I just see me after this session and we'll work something out where we can we can take this further. I'll take you as far as. I can the time.

I have. I'll show you where to go for more. First thing we need to understand is that no. None of our systems work alone okay.

We use language in our in a hypnotic processes we get a certain level of change to degree we get absorption and focus from our client that's all trance really is is just a state of absorption and focus in the process. So the. First thing we need to do is we need to understand how to create neurological absorption we need to maximize how much of the brain and nervous system we're using at any one time. I'll open this with what is energy can anybody you know want to offer an idea about what is energy everything everything that's a great unpractical explanation.

But it's true. I mean you know from a quantum physics level it's. But let's think on a more when. I when.

I get into room full of people who are energy workers and. I ask them what is energy and they're like yes. Attention is energy it is a form of energy absolutely yes. Electrons electrons okay.

Movement it definitely moves which is important by the way um. I'm sorry okay. Here's how. I would like you to start thinking about energy for now it's like an audio cassette it's a medium that carries information okay.

We talk about the auric field for example how many people here know what the aura is or when. I say or have an idea how many people here think of it when they think of the order they think of this beautiful multi-colored cloud of energy that floats around our body sometimes. I don't yeah and. I'll tell you what.

I what. I and. I and by the way. I'm a certified chronic healer chronic psychotherapist licensed acupuncturist.

Reiki master. I've been doing. Reiki since the early 90s. I've been studying.

Kabbalah since the early 90s okay. Before. Madonna started studying. Kabbalah.

So. I'm very much a prima donna okay. I've done. Huna.

I've initiated into hermetic sciences and a lot of what. I'm going to be telling you uh and how we synergize hypnotic technique is based on my studies and hermetics. But. I will tell you that no.

System in the body works best on its own for example your spine anybody here would go fly fishing fly fishing like right. Do you know mathematically that by itself the strength of your spine the the weight of a two pound fish at the end of a fly reel line is enough to crush your vertebrae mathematically your fascial system has a different level of strength. But that isn't even close to what our spines and our bodies are capable of in synergy that word is going to be very very important synergy when we start interacting with the human being you have to think of the human nervous system as a holographic information processing. Network that's taking that's transmitting and transducing and processing information on multiple levels simultaneously.

But interactively and synergistically. So what do. I mean by that when. I am talking and.

I'm doing this process. I'm interacting with her proprioceptive nervous system her mirror neurons her audio system her visual her external senses and her internal senses. I'm lighting her brain up like a. Christmas tree okay.

The energy field around your body is not just some randomly floating mass of energetic particles and. Fields in space it's highly organized and it carries information that information is imprinted in a code that is interpreted by your nervous system get it just like the data on an audio cassette the fact that it's happening in multiple. Dimensions not really relevant at this point except that if we don't activate and work in all of those. Dimensions we start to exponentially lose the power of what we're doing the reason we can get those kind of changes that quick is because we're activating all the levels of the system at the same time okay.

You can't divorce the languaging from the energetics from the physical body. But there are certain key components that you have to have okay. You have to have them physically acting out what they're doing you have to have them weaving back and forth between external reality and internal reality we use a different set of brain circuits each time you activate another set of another pathway in your body okay. We foment we create neurological absorption.

So there are certain key phrases that you got to use with this. But. I want you to start thinking of your auric field the energy field around your body like a virtual reality level like you see in. Iron.

Man or. Mission. To possibly know when they're moving things around and opening things up kind of like your iPhone you ever notice we tend to make things out of technology that kind of mirror what our nervous system does. Anyway.

So we can learn a lot about how in the how structurally our nervous system works by understanding the technology we create. So the. First thing. I want you guys to do we're going to take a bit of a little side break into the side road into the world of neuro-linguistic programming.

I want you to think of something you that a time in your life when you feel absolutely wonderful good now if you can imagine the picture of that experience somewhere in the space around you reach out and put your hands smack that in the middle actually now take both of your hands trace the edges of it notice how big that sucker is good grab the edges of it now just like you open a window on your iPhone. First of all notice where your body those feelings start and. Then go notice what happens when you make the feeling bigger or when you make the uh the picture bigger what happens feeling gets bigger huh shrink it down a half a size huh what happened you don't like that huh no. You have two types of coding systems in your body learned and archetypal in other words an example of that real quick archetypal systems actually we'll start with personalized system or idiosyncratic systems.

First thing. I want you to do is think of something that happened a year ago let's make it something positive just for greens and giggles right. Reach. Out.

And. Touch it something happened a year ago cool think about something that happened yesterday. Reach. Out.

And. Touch. It notice they're in different locations right. Now here's the weird thing that's your personal timeline that's how your unconscious mind your nervous system codes the experience of time on a personal level.

But you have another set of codes you have an archetypal code as well one that's pretty much hardwired into everyone in this room take an image of something well this will stay with the pleasant stuff for now take it reach out and grab that image that you loved. So much the one that made you put that big old smile on your face big old. Smiles technical term by the way all right. Here's what.

I want you to do. I want you just take and go put it behind you what the hell did happen. But. I think that's what you did what the feeling what happened to the feeling did any did anybody when you put it behind you did anybody hear the feeling get stronger weirdo okay.

So. But we've asked me no. It's fine um the vast majority of you when you put it behind you that went away that's hardwired into the vast majority of people okay. So you have a code that's transmitted genetically you also have a random set of codes that you've learned that just happen to get installed in you at random and by default from the time we're conceived up through the time we depart.

This. Plane okay. Oh you can bring it back just as an example now here's what we're going to do everybody stand up put your stuff down that picture that made you feel really good grab the edges of it now. First thing.

I want you to notice is the color in black and white or are is the picture in black and white or in color good is it moving or still make it move if it's moving turn up the sound and. Then open that picture up nice and wide until it's as big and strong as you could ever want it to be excellent now as you feel those feelings notice there's a certain place in your body where that feeling emanates from where it lives. I want you to point to it physically point to it close your inner eyes. Look.

At that feeling notice that there's a color connected to that feeling you don't have to tell me. But make if. I answer the question in your mind what's the color. First impression now here's what.

I want you to do. I want you to reach it with both of your hands grab all of that color all that energy take it out hold it in your hands in front of you look. At it with your inner eyes. The.

First thing. I want you to notice is did the color change or stay the same okay. Excellent now as you notice the color. I want you by the way make sure you get it all see some of you had to go back and look.

Didn't you see. I told you there's a reason for everything now as you look. At that color notice it's spinning in a certain direction since this is something we want more of notice the direction is spinning grab it physically with both of your hands double the spin double the amplitude double it again double it over and over and over again keep doubling it until it takes on a life of its own until it's impossible for it to go back the way it was when you know you've got it and only when you know you've got it slam it back in. I got a very happy room now it's time for the sales pitch okay.

Fast it was pretty spunky now right. First thing we want to talk about is how is how are these feelings organized when. I. Had.

You. Reach. Out. And.

Touch an experience you all reached to a different place and that's okay. That's perfect. But we all did the same thing with it we made it bigger when we change the size and shape of whatever it was the feelings intense intensified now in. NLP we would call that sub modalities for working in it with your pictures.

But we did some we did one small tweak that's extraordinarily essential to doing energetic hypnosis this way by the way you were all incident when you did that okay. One of the characteristics of some ambulism level five and six trans phenomena what is it that's not some animalism what's the. Hallmark of symbolism everybody know what a positive. Hallucination is double five trans phenomena right.

Negative hallucination level six transfer nominal right. You went in and out of some ambulism like a rocket because you were taking being a technical term secret hypnotic influence techniques you thought what did you do you took. A color that didn't exist arguably took. It out of you which means it's not there anymore it's now here and you manipulated it like it was real.

I see that in stage shows all the time. But yet you chat you created a physiological change why because you created a state of neurological absorption and focus in what you were doing you lit your brain up like a. Christmas tree and gave it. Specific.

Instructions through an interface that you created energetically that that information was carried energetically. I thought this as a purely hypnotic technique for many years and. I realized it's hermetic there's things going on here on multiple levels and once. I.

I made that leap and. I really understood it. Then change started to become quantum okay. So whether you viewed the color that we're playing with as a hypnotic construct or real legitimate phenomena which.

I. Do by the way um it works. But what's going on there below the scenes is. I'm creating all kinds of connections between my proprioceptive nervous system my mirror neurons and yours when all these people came up where was.

I focused was. I in it with them right. How many people here saw me do the demo where. I made the big guy kneel down against as well you were there right.

Did you not see the internet oh who else saw it right. You guys want to explain what what you saw yesterday loudly. So they can hear you oh me come out of. Trance guys basically what.

I did was. I showed a a a physical example of what we're doing on a non-visual level one of the things that is missing from a lot of our hypnotic work everybody here knows about. Rapport right. About the concept of.

Rapport. Rapport is this ability where. I'm going to connect with you and we're going to tune into your frequency we're going to equal. Nola together it's not that yeah it's not that.

But there are techniques for for creating that connection that that linking. So to speak with another nervous system ericksonian hypnosis most hypnosis schools are going to teach you some level of. Rapport building techniques what we're doing goes beyond that okay. It's important to have the person's frequency.

But that's not really useful. Beyond a certain degree because what we need to add to the system and what's missing from most of our techniques is a concept called amplitude we need a push to the signal everybody who knows the difference between between frequency and amplitude okay. When. I'm getting rapport with you.

I am finding your frequency and we're kind of vibrating together right. But if she's got a stronger. State than. I do guess who wins change happens when you start to add amplitude to the system how do we add amplitude neurological activity energy.

But we can't add our energy to her system unless we've connected with it right. So when. I'm up here and. I'm guiding people through these processes.

I am linking my nervous system to theirs at a what we call a coherency or entrainment level. So deeper than. Rapport skills okay. I'm going to show you a video if.

I have time that will dramatically demonstrate the physical reality of what. I'm talking about entrainment if you go to a website called heartmath.org okay. A lot of what. I do is based on that science heartmath.org okay.

Your heart rate is the single largest rhythmic. Source in your body the physics law of entrainment says that all molecular-based objects seek synchronicity they seek to entrain with one another we all know the story that if we put a bunch of women in a house together in 28 days magic happens every meal in the house flees because they're wrong and it doesn't matter what they say. I know. I have four girls they're still outnumbered.

But. Anyway um. But we also know the story if we take a a bunch of clocks with pendulums and we put them in the same building on the same room within a few hours all of those pendulums are doing this that's a lie it takes about four minutes not hours your nervous system is no. Different poor can't not happen.

But the difference when we try to force rapport versus when we allow. Rapport to happen as a consequence of physical laws has a much different quality to it the more we try to force report the more we tend to push ourselves out of it we tend to block ourselves because there's a conscious mind interact a conscious mind interference that we're setting up that makes sense when the when the systems actually do begin to entrain there's a physical sensation in the body now some people feel it in the abdomen some people feel it in the solar plexus for me and. I don't want to front load you because if we have time we'll practice this. But there's a flushing that comes up and you know many times you'll you'll actually if you're standing.

Next to someone you'll visibly sigh you'll be like and you'll see them just kind of click right. Those are symptoms that let you know physiological entrainment has taken place when physiological entrainment has taken place any feeling you generate in your body transmits to the other person the magic of it is that because it's generated proprioceptively through their peripheral nervous system through their proprioceptive nervous system through their neural neurons there's no. Conscious understanding of where the sensations came from. So they automatically assume they did it yes.

Um. I get that a lot um. I'll give you a real quick real quick fix anytime you feel a strong sensation come in the. First.

First thing you need to do is just ask yourself one simple question is this my or somebody else's. So once you do that once you do that notice where the feeling lives if it's something you don't you want to you want to get rid of notice where the feeling lives notice the color notice a spin spin it the other way it goes away what do you want to do yeah remember if you're resonating and mirroring what's coming in if you if you fix it at the source you have to follow right. Oh yeah of course right. I believe in being hermetically sealed right.

No. But. I get a lot of people who come in and they have they they come into this role with their empathy switches turned way on they don't know how to shut it off you're wired that way estrogen estrogen is the empathy hormone testosterone is the empathy killer. But here's the problem here's the problem the more empathy you have the more of a doormat you become yeah.

So let's take this thing that's driving me and just put it behind you how does it feel now. I'm kind of lying. I guess. I mean.

I also like now you lie to me now okay. Oh see. I know people complain about they love to do. Richard.

Clark's one of them you'll hear. Richard complain all day long about you guys and all the problems he has to deal with. But when an event comes he's the. First one up he's just one of those guys that loves loves to hate things.

But he's good at it. So. I love the guy. So.

Anyway here's my point when. I'm up here and. I'm doing this process and what will you would you admit it's a pretty simple freaking process. I mean to see it done right.

I haven't even started to unpack it. I'm just giving you the foundations of how much it's built. But you don't need to know how to build the car to drive the car thank. God all right.

Um. But when. I'm up here and. I'm in it with them the.

First thing. I'm going for really oh man okay. All right. How many.

I don't know. I'll tell you what for those of you who want to learn more as soon as my time is up everybody stand up clap really loud and follow me into the lobby and we'll find some place and hang out um just because. I. I love people you guys need people need to be doing this would you agree all right.

This this. I mean when. I. EFT.

First came out they gave it to the world and everybody went nuts this blows. EFT out of water all right. Because it doesn't. I mean you can get more subtle with it okay.

So the. First thing we understand is we hate that the energy field around our body is highly organized when. I'm doing this process it's not just what you're seeing there's a deep pre-conscious connection going on here that. I am pushing my neurological energy through.

So. I'm literally synergizing with her system and adding my own amplitude my own force of what. I'm doing to hers now she's already in a profound. State of.

Trance and neurological arousal she's manipulating her energies she's manipulating every level of her body and mind notice. I have her going inside and outside inside and outside. I ask questions about the construct. So that she has to actually explore it she could create we're lighting that brain up like a.

Christmas tree okay. But remember the energy encoded in your or the the information encoded in your energy field must be in a language that your nervous system can interpret otherwise it wouldn't work there would be no. Way energy could affect us here's the. Next part of that if there's a code that is carried in that energy field that the nervous system must be able to interpret.

Then it has a structure if we can change the structure we change the message we change the expression the difference here is that we are we are combining modalities we are moving them from we're not just doing this in our heads it's we call it in my system we call it somatic bridging we're creating a physical bridge between what we're doing cognitively and imaginatively with what we're doing physically we're creating a different. Focus attention from the external environment to the internal environment and we're evaluating we're actually think about it did the color changer stay the same that's evaluating that means your critical factors involved too how the hell did that happen right. It's the. Synergy of all the systems that create the change that fast because what you've done is when you go from a.

Feeling to a color the cortex is in the brain overlap by as much as 40 percent. So you're already going to get some level of interaction. But now when. I physically take it out and.

I look. At it. I'm physically doing something. So not only is all of my attention going to a specific area all of my body parts all of the parts of my brain that control all of these different faculties are targeting that area and.

I'm manipulating the information your nervous system cannot code for an experience without automatically at the most basic level create the code for its opposite. I hope. So your nervous system cannot create an experience or read a code or encode for an experience without automatically coding for its opposite yeah if. I'm if.

I have a code and a. Direction for pleasure. Then. I by default.

I must have a direction for pain and the opposite is true now rewind real quick what was the languaging that. I used the very beginning when. I had them take it out and had him notice the spin what do. I have to do.

Next physically grab it right. Your nervous system doesn't make a distinction between me picking up a can of. Rockstar and guzzling it because you are what you drink foreign it doesn't make that distinction. But the more engrossed the more.

I vivify what. I'm doing the more. I act it out you want to get really good at this taking acting class actors are the best hypnotists on the planet their whole craft is designed to do one thing same as you to suck you out of your reality and weigh into theirs. But they use all of their body they use all of their tools and they create.

Magic. So do you okay. So when you're doing this the language that. I use is what we call an.

NLP and. Eric's hypnosis a scope ambiguity. Reach. Out notice the direction it's spinning grab it reorient it.

So it's the opposite of what it was scope ambiguity because if. I'm coding in. One. Direction and.

I want the opposite foreign remember the code that your nervous system uses to create experiences not words its side shape location direction tone that's the language of. Magic by the way astrally speaking we also you know if you start thinking in terms of different planes all the beans on the. Asheville plane speak the same language the language of the five senses movies pictures everything else is just translation right. It's archetypal within us we start to keep we start to get all these things synergized poof right.

But you have to create that somatic. Bridge you have to get that neurological absorption and focus you have to understand that for every everything that we do has a code to it the more elements of that code we activate it's called it's called the law correspondence in hermetic science by the way law of. Correspondence the founders one of the building blocks of. Chinese medicine okay.

And in most. Qigong disciplines energetic disciplines there's some reference to it. I'm just speaking again very very obvious. But modern.

Neuroscience is also telling us that when. I'm here and. I create that physics principle of entrainment the system synchronizes when. I started did.

I was. I acting out a lot of what. I wanted her to do for him to do guess what else. I'm doing.

I'm activating her mirror neurons neurons if you don't know what mirror neurons are look. Them up on the. Internet there's a ton of studies on it there the physiological foundation for empathic communication and intuitive learning okay. From a neuroscience perspective.

I'm telling her system exactly what. I want it to do because. I'm doing it or his system exactly what to do because. I'm doing it too.

So. I'm adding all the things. I'm vivifying in myself to the energy circulating through his system and. I'm overwriting.

I'm creating such a state of focus absorption and neurological arousal that whatever. Factor they have just blow out yeah you were lighting up. So much of the brain. I mean from the pre-kernal cortex it decides me why it wants to do something and it had to make an executive plan for it to the primary motor cortex that that tells from here to help this arm to do something and and of course patch the lateral side too plus all the inner neurons that that connect all of those all of those those nuclei in the brain it's all the pathways and uh and the the courtesies all working synergistically and it's it it's like the whole brain is on the same path to try to accomplish something that's incredible it felt like everything was on and and it all worked and there's nothing to stand in the way of it it's not it's like uh it's like flood water coming coming through a narrow.

River. Channel like a flashlight. I cheat and you've all learned how to do it yes. Sir on the interview not necessary with this it doesn't make any difference no.

No. And the reason for that is is because again when you're thinking in terms of meridians you're thinking with one small tiny part of the system all right. I'm an acupuncturist. I know how this works all right.

You have to think about sorry thank you um remember we as a as a race as a culture with exceptions there's exceptions that prove every rule. But as a one of the things that we tend to do especially in this. Society is we continually separate things out we have. Quantum physicists uh astrophysicists biophysicists right.

And after a certain level they're going in different directions they specialize we ice we continually try to isolate things. But our system doesn't work best in isolation many of us over the past couple you know a couple decades have been starting to come back to this holistic understanding. But it goes deeper than that when you start adding these things back together you get a hole that's greater than the sum of the parts okay. He did a great.

I could never explain it that eloquently that was amazing thank you give a big round of applause. I'll give you your check. Later. But one of the things we need to understand is that the system has a way of organizing itself if we think of energy as just random.

Rivers flowing around that that's one model and it works takes longer. But when we think of a system as a highly integrated highly organized coded system. I get it we can change things because the system remember what is from a from an acupuncture perspective what is pain in the body blockchain means energy stop moving right. Which means it's going this direction and it stopped.

So if. I take it the other way the block goes away doesn't it. So from an acupuncture perspective we're still fixing it right. But on a more technical level we're giving the system a specific set of instructions whereas an acupuncture system we're basically poking a hole in the band and letting the water run through many times depending you know.

I'm very. I'm oversimplifying we're telling the entire system hey this is where the there's a code here change it to this make it happen and the system will rebalance that's why when he started going through and he came to me for a physical problem. But you had an emotional shift didn't you sure because yes. Throughout the whole system excellent question when you're dealing with something that's really really chronic.

I have to do this with cancer. I don't know if. I have time. But.

I have to do this with cancer patients. But anything with a chronic illness going back to an explanation. I was giving to you remember that every issue that we deal with has three components it has a somatic component it has an energetic component that has an emotional component okay. This is a feedback loop sometimes the block is in the.

Soma the body we go to a medical doctor they give us a shot they give us a drug it goes away an injury they put a cast on it it fixes it heals great. But sometimes that doesn't resolve it. So we go the. Next step we go we go to somebody who deals with energy acupuncturists naturalist naturopath right.

Homeopath and sometimes it goes away and sometimes it doesn't and if you ask the energy. Healers about why the doctor couldn't fix them they'll say well the doctors only treat the symptom right. Because it's the energetic imbalance that's making the product happen well guess what acupuncture only treats the symptoms you know why because if there's an energetic imbalance what the hell caused it this is why many times you go to an acupuncturist they put the needles in the pain goes away they balance the energetics of the body and. Then it comes back why you didn't plug the river right.

Now. TCM model also says that emotional problems can have an energetic cause and they can also have a physical cause you know if you have chronic tension or chronic anger acupuncturist is going to go and treat your liver right. Because they understand correspondence in analogy everything you deal with has a physical component an energetic component and an emotional component you just got to figure out where the sticking point is and apply the proper tool make sense it's a feedback loop any change that you if. I if you're sick or ill right.

And. I need to give you medicine. I can inject that medicine into your arm and it'll get where it needs to go let's say. I'm having liver problems.

I can inject it into the arm. I can also inject it into the butt. I can inject it right. Into the liver.

I can inject it right. Into the heart and they'll all get to the liver what's the difference time time how long does it take to feed through the system. But what if we could hit them all simultaneously just saying all right. I gotta finish now.

But yes. Let's get out of here. First and we'll do it okay. Thank you.
