Title: Vibrational Hypnotherapy Demonstration : Healing Emotionally - Stop Holding Yourself Back
File Name: wbyLOQaijs4.txt
Video Id: wbyLOQaijs4
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wbyLOQaijs4

They write yeah okay. Do. Selena do you have a shorter name or type oh do you do you like that better do you like - yo. Selena better clean.

Then we will use vo. Selena and close your eyes. Do. Selena take a deep breath in let that breath out with a sigh deeper and deeper with every breath you take every beat of your heart.

I just want you to relax to let go to listen to the sound of my voice now any sound you hear other than the sounds of my voice are simply the sounds of our natural environment they're not going to disturb you or distract you in any way in fact all they're going to do is signal you that it's time to completely relax to let go to realize that no. Matter how far inside you travel no. Matter how deep inside you go you'll always be able to hear my words and follow my instructions may my command because you realize that everything. I say and everything.

I do is for you now in a moment not yet. But in just a moment do. Selena. I want you to begin to relax the tiny muscles in your eyelids.

I'd like you to relax them more and more and more. So they're. So relaxed you couldn't actually open them without tensing them back up again until they're. So relaxed they just don't want to work well you know you've got them that relaxed.

So relaxed they just don't want to work all. I want you to do is give them a little test just to be sure earth and when you're ready only when you're ready stop testing that that level of relaxation flow from the top of your head all the way down to the tips of your toes deeper and deeper with every breath you take and every beat of your heart drifting dreaming flow guided by the sound of my voice now in a moment not yet. But in just a moment feel. So there now.

I'm going to ask you to begin to relax your mind as deeply as we've relaxed your body would like you to do that in a very special way now in a moment not yet. But in just a moment. I'm going to ask you to begin to imagine the alphabet backwards starting with the letter. Z with each and every breath we take in each and every beat of your heart all.

I want you to do to relax those letters completely out of your monuments allow them if you will to become smaller and darker and harder to see turn the volume all [Music] down deeper and people sound that's right. Now in a moment not yet. But in just a moment girls today and. I'd like you to use that amazing imagination of yours and.

I'm usually give my clients and my students a choice either sort back through your memories or if you prefer to just go deeply into your imagination to a time in a place when you felt absolutely safe absolutely protected from all threats real or imaginary where you are completely in control and allowed to be induce and to express yourself in any way you want and it was perfectly acceptable perfectly okay. As you go into that space some people say places are places where they grew up some people say places are more spiritual or religious in nature like a church or a temple or synagogue a mosque or. Nash. Ram we're a little on the metaphysical side maybe it's just a sacred space surrounded by your spirit guides or guardian angels or whatever manner of being populates your particular belief system some people's are a little bit more interesting.

I had one young lady out in the. United. Kingdom her idea of a safe place was a nuclear fallout shelter five miles below the surface of the earth surrounded in lead and concrete and there was only enough room in that sucker for her. I guess what.

I'm really trying to say beyond. Selena is that no. Matter what size are shaved for what genre or flavor niche your safe place takes well it's perfect for you you're allowed to decorate it and create it in any way that gives you peace and happiness and joy and a sense of empowerment a sense of being able to freely express yourself and be everything you want in all the ways that satisfy and fulfill you for all the right. Reason and the interesting thing is that the one thing all safe places have in common that when you're in that state place when you see what you see and you hear what you hear and you smell what you smell you taste what you smell in your taste there's a sensation somewhere in your body that you get a sensation that lets you know you're completely safe how much they take a moment scan your body and notice where in your body that feeling lives.

I want you to go ahead and point to it for me. First that's right. I want you to notice that there's a color connected to that amazing feeling maybe a series of colors what would those colors be for you the observing and the. First impression cleaning.

Jenna's green and yellow that's right. I want you to notice how the feelings in your body begin to shift and change is a beautiful ball of that green and yellow energy materializes above your head. I want you to notice how with every breath you take into every beat of your heart that energy begins to double in size and shape double in force and magnitude begins to grow and expand to fill the room from floor to ceiling from wall to wall in all points in between wrapping itself around you like a beautiful blanket of safe green and yellow energy like a cocoon a shield a suit of armor protecting you and saving you from all things real or imagined and feeding you an endless ever-expanding infinite unlimited supply of all the nourishment all the acceptance that your body most wants and desires and needs in an endless ever-expanding infinite and unlimited supply and money ready. I want you to breathe that energy through your entire being from the top of your head to the tips of your toes let it fill you up like water fills up a bottle like fluid fills up a test tube like hot air or helium fills up a balloon when you know you're completely filled from the top of your head to the tips of your toes and all points in between just nod your head to let me know excellent.

I would like you to scan your body one. Last time notice any place in your body where you're harboring any tension any tightness any density these are places where our unconscious mind is stored feelings and thoughts and memories and experiences like a little hard drive corentin´s a virus as you find those places. I want you to breathe your yellow and green energy through those areas let that energy flow over around and through those areas like hot water flows over an ice cube notice how the feelings in your body shift and change those areas begin to dissolve - no. It's all dissolved and resolved from the body it's all dissolved and resolved from the mind for all the right.

Reasons and when you know they're completely gone it's not your head. But. I just when many of my clients often report that as those spaces dissolve away they feel like the change to their life the change to their spirit have been unlocked they feel an expansion a release of their spirit and it begins to grow inside and expand beyond the limits of the physical body merging like a drop of water merges into the ocean into that cloud of safe energy feeling that sense of reunion reconnection with all of its potential all the things you're born here to do that sense of empowerment worthiness deserving this all restraints lifted for all the right. Reasons now as you flow deeper and deeper into that space many of my clients often report a sense of expansion empowerment that in this place anything that you can imagine anything you can intend anything you can physically act out with both of your hands and your entire body must must must become real and true and made manifest in the external world because all the experts agree the asana whether you're talking about the most cutting-edge and educated of quantum researchers and mechanics physics or studying the ancient master the spiritual teachers from times long gone regardless of the time period or the words that they use or what part of the world they come from they all seem to agree on one thing and that it's your inner world that controls and manifests and expresses the outer world and well it's not always possible to anticipate every situation or circumstance every variable that may come at us from the outside world inside the.

Angelina and you are all-powerful you have every right. Privilege and authority to make any change you want for any reason you want you are the goddess of your universe the queen of your neurology and anything you want it's perfectly allowed for all the right. Reasons beyond. Selena there's a feeling that you've been having a feeling you've been carrying around for quite some time a feeling that you'd like to change.

I'd like you to notice where in your body that feeling lives and go ahead and point to it for me [Music]. I want you to notice there's a color or a series of colors connected to that feeling what are those colors. First impressions purple that's right. I want you to trace the outline of that energy with both of your hands to know exactly what shape it takes tell me about that shape [Music] tell me about that shape.

First impression what's the cool shape is it [Music] like a triangle and as you focus on that purple triangle is it have any weight temperature or texture to it yes. Heavy and is it in your body out of your body part in and part out in the mind in the body. So as you look. This one that heavy purple triangle that's in your body.

I'm curious how old might you be when you. First feel a feeling like that or that's right. And where might you be when you. First feel that feeling where might you be when you.

First feel that feeling as a four-year-old at your parents house took. The rounds you tell me what's happening [Music]. I'm afraid my father and you're afraid of your father absolutely and when you're afraid of your father what happens long sweetie like control yeah yeah let me ask you a question looking back on that scene as the. Bo.

Salina of. March 20th 2017 if you had omnipotent infinite power and absolute permission if you could step back through the wormhole of time and space to before any of that ever had a chance to happen and rescue that little girl take her to a completely alternate reality where none of that ever happened and she could have whatever she wanted in exactly the way she wanted it what would you like to see happen for her instead. I would like to set her free from here my prom. I was.

So mad at her okay. Mm-hmm in the way she feels yes. I will make her free okay. Here's what.

I'd like you to do do. Selena in a moment not yet. But in. Justin what.

I'm going to ask you to step back through the wormhole of time and space back to before that whole experience is a foyer will never happen when you get back there one two three all the way back on the wings of time and you get back there just nod your head do it you know when you see that little do. Selena want you to take her out of that memory. I want you to give her a big awesome most transformational. I love you hug ever.

I want you to breathe you're safe energy through her and notice what happens that beautiful yellow and green energy fill her up and notice what happens tell me what you discover that's okay. That's that's just stuff clearing it's like. I feel the yeah that's right. Keep breathing it through or tell me what happens.

Next how does she feel [Music] take your time when she's ready for the. Next phase just nod your head. I want you to look. Her in the eyes.

And with all the love and sincerity and courage that you have to give. I want you to say hey buddy. I'm you from the future and where. I come from the technology exists to come back from the future to change the past and that's exactly what we're going to do because everything you would have experienced the life he would have had here he's done it's over it's going away and it's never coming back you're going to instead of a life that is.

So much better. So much more powerful. So much more satisfying and thrilling you can be everything you want to be and everybody is going to be ok. With that including you and when you know she's ready when you know she gets it.

I want you to take her in your arms and take her up into your safe place and when she's there it's not your head to let me know [Music] [Music] see there [Music] take your time take all the time you need to just bring her up there. I think you can smile you can enjoy it it's okay. This is a fun time all that stuff all that other stuff dissolving away now when she's up there. I want you to look.

Her in the eyes. I call this your. Steven. Spielberg moment.

I want you to look. Her in the eyes. And ask her an interesting question what would make her the happiest little camper on the planet right. Now everything is allowed [Music] my son yeah this is where.

I this is what. I call the. Steven. Spielberg.

I want you to make the best do. Selena being herself movie ever. I want you to make it as big as a drive-in movie theater screen crystal-clear like an. IMAX.

I want you to turn up the sound the smells the taste the feelings high-res three-dimensional how much it goes far back into the past as you need to as far into the future as you want to best life ever and when it's perfect in every way. Dion. Selena. I want you to.

W to watch it together over and over and over again not once not twice. But hundreds and thousands of times at the speed of thought with each repetition. I want you to make it 10 times stronger a hundred times more powerful a thousand times more irresistible it becomes more thrilling fulfilling and satisfying than any experience you've ever had until it overwrites and replaces every experience you've ever had and. Then it just keeps getting stronger and stronger and stronger.

I want you to notice something that there's a place in your body where the wonderful feelings connected to that new reality start where they grow and they spread from point to where you feel that for me that's right. And there's a color maybe a bunch of colors connected to that feeling isn't there what's that color. First impression it's like orange that's right. I want you to notice how that organizing begins to double in size and strength double in force and magnitude it fills you up from the top of your head through your throat to the tips of your toes and all points in between with each repetition of that new reality it just doubles and doubles and doubles until it's.

So strong. So powerful your body can no. Longer contain all of that infinite ever expanding orange energy begins to stream out of your body forming a brilliant orange frame around that amazing alternate reality movie you've created and when you're ready to claim it to own it 100%. I want you to reach out with both of your hands grab that frame and the reality inside of it grab it lift it up over your head expand it to fill the universe pull it down through your entire body head to toe mind body and.

So over and over and over again and notice what happens to that purple a heavy triangular shape that was inside your body breathing it through your entire being until it's impossible to turn off. So it's impossible to go back to the old way of being when you know you've got it well you know it's locked in. So fully and completely it's impossible to turn off try to bring it back try to turn it off notice what happens instead what do you know - sweetie that's right. You're stuck being awesome now when you know you've got it way you know it's locked in float up out of your body float a week into the future one week from.

March 20th 2017 float down into that. D ah. Zelena see the world through her eyes. Here the world couriers feel and smell and taste the world for her body unlocked free to be who she wants in every way she wants for all the right.

Reasons live a couple of days in that life tell me what that's life that's right. Britain there are some colors connected to that freedom breathe that orange and again when you know you've got it try to turn it off notice what happens at fit float up float another month into that future float down into that. Dion. Selena tell me what you find when you get a month in seven days into that future what do you discover that's right.

Lock it in breathe those colours qualities and attributes through your entire mind body and soul just for fun go six more months into the future tell me what you find yeah now as that awesome. Rockstar do. Selena of the future as you look. Back on the do.

Selena of. March 20th 2017 you look. At that young woman back in the chair what's changed silence in my that's right. [Music] what do you know that she didn't know before she sat in that chair.

I can't. I can't. I can recover pretty balloon that's right. That's right.

Within me that's right. When you are ready that's right. Perfect when you're ready and only when you're ready. I want you to step back from the future it is awesome rock star freedom and expanded beyond.

Selena bringing all that awesomeness with you when you get back to. March 20th 2017. I want you to give the gasolina you find here the biggest most awesome most transformational. I love you little sister hug ever.

I want you to look. Her in the eye say hey you. I'm from the future and where. I come from the technology exists to come back from the future and change the past and that's why.

I'm here to let you every let you know that every single thing you were carrying around everything you'd experienced and lived through is done it's over it's gone forever and it's never coming back we're in a new reality now and you can be anyone do anything that you want for any reason that you want and it's okay. I accept you 100% and. Then. I will always be here for you to remind you of all the things that are good about you to remember to remind you that you're always loved and you're always accepted you're always protected and forgiven you're always good enough and you're never ever alone when you know she's got that and you know you've got that take her in your arms breeds or orange energy through both of you feel that orange energy flowing and surging through your mind and body feel the two of you combining updating upgrading every part of her accepting and installing everything you've become in that future now until the two of you are one together exponentially more stronger than either one of you on your own when you know you've got that try to go back to the old do celina try to turn this new the ahhh.

Selina off and tell me what happens that's right. In a moment. I'm going to count from one to five when. I reach the number five you'll emerge from this process this metamorphosis like a butterfly emerging from the cocoon one phase of your metamorphosis complete the.

Next phase the best phase just getting started ready to spread your wings take to the air and soar amongst the clouds to experience the world from a much higher place one adventure after another number one feel yourself returning to this place we call reality bringing with you a brand new reality a reality you've created a reality you will live and express in every aspect of your mind body and soul number two all of my suggestions from me to you from you to your own other than conscious mine are now ten times more powerful ten times more permanent a thousand times more thrilling fulfilling and satisfying than ever before embraced by that part of you that's most sensitive most strong most unstoppable allowing you to proceed for chief manifest and believe everything that we've installed through all the right. Reasons number three always at least three ways to overcome any situation obstacle or circumstance that you may face always at least three solutions to any problem you need to solve and your other than conscious mind will now easily effortlessly and automatically generate those solutions and implement them in the quickest easiest most efficient way for the good of yourself and all concerned number four because it's all for you you've done the work you followed the instructions you've obeyed the commands you've tested the results beyond celina you've earned the rewards and the right. To keep them it's your reality to your truth it's your life and you live it to the fullest 100% starting now on the. Next count you can emerge from this process only at the rate and speed that every level of your neurology psychology mind body and soul understands recognizes realizes perceives believes manifests and achieves all of these changes in all the ways that give you the life and the lifestyle you want the way you want it by your standards and your definitions head clear mind clear thinking acting with calm clear focus self assurance feeling good all over glad to be alive ready to spread your wings take to the air soar and thrive number five take your time come on back notice how good you feel welcome back how do you feel very good all right.

Yeah you're very welcome now we get to go back to our regularly scheduled program they're very welcome all right. Come.
