Title: WdepyYbHfrI.txt
Video Id: WdepyYbHfrI
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WdepyYbHfrI

Hey everybody how you doing this is dr david snyder coming at you from our youtube channel uh i've only got a few minutes here. But i figured since i have been on in a while that i'd uh i'd come in and hang out with y'all forgive my hair i've got memorial day hair going on i've got my uh platinum ama that's gonna start in just a few minutes and i thought i'd just pop on and uh see what's going on if you're here try ahead uh type in the chat if you got a question i'll be on for about 40 minutes or. So and i'm here to answer any questions you may or may not have [Music]. So let me have it what do you got in the chat let's see here i got see if i can turn on my hey there's dmc from new zealand good to see you dee welcome my friend do you have a question or something i can uh we can shoot the about no.

Pun intended how's everybody's ama going where you guys checking in from i know dee's coming in from uh from new zealand uh crypto chris says what's up dave how's life going life is good we're talking to you direct from my secret sanctuary out here in the wilds of san diego i wanna shout out to alana there david how are you doing new york city in the house yeah baby rochelle from florida thank you for coming out what's new and exciting carolyn toronto's checking in i love it i love it i love it welcome to planet david all right. You got me for about 40 minutes or. So. Then i got to jump on and do a special ama for my platinum and above folks um and for those of you who aren't familiar with our uh what i'm talking about we have different levels of uh access to me and interaction with me here on planet david we have the gold the platinum and the diamond level and uh gold level members which is about 10 bucks a month gets access to premium content that we shoot every single month it's for members only for those of you who would like a little bit more access to me get able to get to interact with me personally and get your questions answered we have the platinum level and platinum level gets everything that the gold members do.

But they also get two uh private um group amas with me a month on the. First and. Third monday of every month we get together from four to about five or six o'clock seven o'clock sometimes and all i do is for the. Next two and a half hours i talk to you through zoom and we just answer questions and we talk about stuff and i point you resources and things like that and that's like 25 bucks a month 27 bucks a month.

So if you're interested in being able to participate in those um. Then go ahead and go to the community tab and uh click the platinum level if you would like an opportunity to actually do things with me on the. Third saturday of every month we have another level is for our diamond levels and that is on the. Third side every month in addition to all the amas and everything else you actually get to come in and for four five six hours you get to actually do drills right.

Alongside our group with me and i give you feedback and guide you through processes and things of that nature it's a lot of fun we've been doing it for quite a while now and see people seem to really really like it. So if you're interested in that go ahead and go to the community tab and click on the level that you think is it best fits your needs. But. So that's my my little primer.

So let me look. At some of the questions we got here uh revelation says love from the netherlands we got we got la checking in we got maui uh terence hello terence good to see you again uh let's see robert master de casa i've read. So many articles in many many videos. But i still can't grasp hypnosis process any suggestions i've been studying this for two years my question for you robert would be what are you studying and how are you going about it you may be one of those people that just needs to get in a class with a bunch of other human beings and have these experiences firsthand rather than trying to have them vicariously or through self-directed learning a lot of us like to like to do the diy thing do it yourself well there are certain things that just are better learned of something somebody else driving right.

You may be one of those people uh certainly a lot of people who come into this world come in with a lot of preconceived ideas about what the experience with it um and i'll be honest with you the longer i'm in this discipline the less i find you can't do with it um it's it's actually a gateway into a lot of different areas of tapping into the powers of the mind and the human being uh as i've come started saying to people after my. Last seven day training out in costa rica human beings are magic incarnate uh and and. So when i see you i see i see universe as a possibility. But that we need a way to tap into that and sometimes we can't really we can't always do it ourselves we need guidance at least for a little part of the way at some point you have to become your own teacher.

But sometimes it's better to have somebody guide you to the point where you don't need them anymore. So i recommend if you're having trouble uh grasping the whole hypnosis process uh and the better the questions you ask the better the question the answers i can give you. But also maybe getting into a live event with other people who are going through the same things you are might be better use of your time uh let's see here mandy's from australia jeff sims how do i increase my imagination play ladies and gentlemen if you want to increase your imagination you've got to play you've got to be more playful you've got to engage in fantasies in imagination games things that allow you to stretch and to conceive of things that you don't normally have the opportunity to conceive of right. Who was it i forget uh uh um i forget who where i saw it i don't know if it was alice in wonderland.

But i would have to believe of three inconceivable things every day or something like that you know. But the truth is there's many ways to train your imagination um one of the hardest parts for a lot of us is believing that that's okay. To indulge in imagination to indulge in flights of fantasy and. Then there's the training of certain types of faculties like your ability to see pictures your ability to create sounds or generate internal feelings we call kinesthetic hallucinations these are all aspects of your imagination and each of them has its own field of study and ways of developing it.

But if you don't give yourself. First the freedom to play with your mind um you won't tap into those uh and the secret i find over and over again after many years of doing this guiding people through all different kinds of processes at all different levels is this idea of being playful the more playful you can be the more rapidly you tap into the potentials that control and guide your neurology okay. Uh i hope that helps um see jeanette you look. Amazing as well thank you thank you i just threw this on for you uh michael lewis hello hello crypto chris i just want to thank you i'm starting insurance and the amount of confidence i have is greatly from your courses i brought i bought awesome let us know keep us posted crypto on how you're doing and if you have any questions post them and we'll do what we can to keep you motivated and on fire and inspired uh grounds uh dmxe says whereabouts in the world are you i am in the wilds of san diego we just got back from uh two weeks in costa rica teaching our most advanced vibrational influence training ever uh some very lucky people got to get a real deep dive into behind the scenes at what goes on in the life of dr david and they spent seven days learning how to generate massive types of seemingly magical phenomena and tapping into powers that are largely comic book.

Stuff you know um. But we showed them how to do it and they were able to do it and it was fun it was amazing. But now we're back in san diego um i was jonesing to be amongst my peeps my peeps meeting you my tribe my peoples the people who supported us over the years and who keep coming back uh finding more and more value in what we do and taking this stuff out of the world and using it to make your lives better and. So um i needed a fix and you're it.

So you're my drug let's see here uh let's see can i talk about suspended needles suspended. So i've talked about it many many times if you go to some of my webinars um when i start talking about the emotional map of the face uh i'll talk a lot about suspended norton's sword and suspended needle and there's lots of different heather interests as costa rica was magical yes. He was there um the suspended needle suspended sword has a lot of different aspects to it. But the biggest one is self-sabotage people with this marking ultimately expressed anger or vented themselves in a situation or circumstance they came back to haunt them in a very big way.

So much. So that they actually put a little governor a little block on their personal power and how much of it they're willing to exert or express and. So when you see that marking um at some point in your life that marking is going to activate and it's going to keep you from moving forward in life now i don't i can't i can't comment on what context that may be i can't contact uh con con yeah comment on what degree it may be. But that's almost always what that marking means to a greater or less degree is at some point you try to push back you try pressure you to decide i'm never going to do that again and you lock down your personal power.

So it's it's a good idea if you have this marking to explore it and kind of um do the best you can to dissolve what's behind it. So you can actually tap into your true power and your true potentials um narwhalist at ground steps i'd love to see some of that david has some good stuff about as well okay. Cool um roberts again okay. Uh rochelle found you back in 2015 thank you for all the great con my question is what are the best ways to keep the optimism when those around you aren't great great question and the fastest way i have found to do this it's a multi-stage process.

But this is the one i think will help you uh. So there's several layers to this the. First one i'm going to start with the most basic and most foundational if you've been a planet david any length of time the. First thing is control your posture control your breathing change your posture in your physiology back to a state related to a time when you felt optimistic related to a time when you felt like there was all kinds of possibilities and the worst was over everything is going to get better remember a time in your life when you felt that remember how you were standing how you were breathing and hold that for at least two minutes the.

Next thing that you want to do once you've done that once you've interrupted the negative state that's trying to pull you down is you want to ask yourself different questions and that. First question i would be what does all this have to really teach me what's good about what i what that i've learned from this experience okay. That series of questions that you start to ask will cause a domino. Effect in your own mind in your own neurology that starts to reorient on how to answer that question in the in the way that's in alignment with the direction of the question the.

Next piece is going to be to always remember that nothing lasts forever everything changes that's the one constant in our universe there will always be change right. So if you take those three aspects the posture and the breathing the self-questioning and the realization that everything changes nothing is permanent right. In a good way you know they're saying tough times never. Last.

But tough people do same idea right. You don't need to. Last 10 years you just need to. Last today and.

Then when you wake up tomorrow you just need to. Last today right. But these are the again people need a process there to start with changing your posture changing your breathing hold it for at least two minutes go into yourself questions what's good about this what did i learn from it what can this teach me right. How can i build on this and turn this into a positive thing these are all very very powerfully positive vector oriented directed questions that will cause your neurology start coming up with different ways of thinking about your situation okay.

Avoid allowing yourself to become what i what i've come to call the one of the fear infected we're living in a world that is very much suffering from various levels of ptsd both self-induced and other induced and it's nobody's coming to save us except us and. So this is where we start change your posture change your breathing ask yourself a different set of questions how many different ways can you think about the things in your life that give you a that are good in other words what good can you derive from it because as you start orienting on what these these events or these situations or these circumstances have to teach you from this pattern interrupted state you'll find start finding reasons to get your optimism back because there's always opportunities there's always chances there's always something you can do right. So i hope that helps um carolyn says costa rica sounded amazing it was i taught systema for three days in a row out there it was people were pretty blown away um i had fun with it uh let's see here joe serrano. Says hi dave hey buddy uh adriana compton hello from monroe north carolina i was recently introduced to your work by a good friend i am happy to be here and learn from you hey john and we're happy to have you here right.

You can if you can uh pardon my uh my bad hair day. Then we're all good uh let's see here doka tomas i am from hungary and i have to say what i've learned from you and mark cunningham gave me skills that none of my colleagues can do in my country thank you soka you are very welcome i'm glad i'm glad you took. The skills that we have and use them to make your life better and remember it's still just going to get better this is just the beginning right. I have found no.

Top level to these skill sets i'm certainly that's one of the reasons i keep teaching i keep finding new stuff because i'm not done the more i learn the less i know and you'll find as you start to delve deeper and deeper into these skills that there's just other levels that you can hit it's like video games they're just you just keep going up in levels okay. Skyway says heart heart kiss kiss kiss thank you and tron petty afternoon david i personally course back in march and i'm stuck on state control and finding the thought in my body pretend you know where it is point to that and just start the process from there the secret to hacking your own neurology is going back to this idea of the imagination and playing pretend okay. This is a secret that's been hidden in plain sight for decades if not centuries um and and this is the one thing that that moves us through the processes faster if you're having trouble because your conscious mind is getting in the way just play pretend and do the drills from there and they will work okay. Dave's son says hey david hey back ko hey david i've been hoping to see you live i heard you once say women are attracted to dominant alpha male and i'm really interested in evolution can you talk about that for a.

Second um i could i'm just not sure what aspect i'm talking about um if you can give me a better question or a better targeted question i can give you a better targeted answer you're going to find that when i'm on these amas pretty much any topic is is available. But the secret is and and i've said this in videos i've said this in other content that we put out uh the quality of your life is determined largely by the quality of the questions that you ask and your neurology is compelled to answer whatever questions that you put to it regardless of how badly formed or negative or positive the question is. So as we learn to become better question askers we'll start tapping into better sources of information better resources things of that nature right. And if you go back and you look.

At my content a huge amount of what we do that creates alchemy that creates changes in people is we just ask different questions questions from a different perspective questions that imply a different perspective questions that maybe the person never thought about asking that give more freedom and flexibility to um the situation right. A great way to start breaking up that that really staticky ossified kind of thinking process is our renegade reframing course we learn 14 different ways to to look. At any any belief or or issue that you have for at least 1 to 14 different ways and if that doesn't free your mind up to think about new possibilities i don't know what will and. Then of course there's belief change work that we can do and things of that nature.

But most people are really committed to the beliefs that they've created even though they're just decisions that you've made about the way the world is right. Uh let's see here. So yeah ask me a better question and i can give you a better response with regard to attraction alpha males and stuff like that i gotta be careful with that word alpha alpha male because it's been taken a lot of flack lately you know it's almost synonymous now with toxic masculinity which is another buzzword that really pisses me off um. But we can have toxic anything.

So let's see here um chris hewitt hello from sweden joshua hi david from india welcome india's in the house 347 says hello from new york city how can i feel prosperous i always feel stuck in my professional economic life well again i don't know if you if you heard the. Last five to ten minutes of what i've been talking about. But at least what i've just talked about uh if you didn't catch it go back uh when the replay comes up and listen to pretty much everything from maybe 10 minutes to 1750 on the live event timer um and i think you'll get a pretty good idea of how to how to do exactly what you're asking um estee hello from seattle hey asti antoine says thank you sir ground seven says can you go into more details what have you found out. So far for reverse engineering mudras oh my god what have i found out.

So far let me count the ways give me something a little bit more specific ground and we'll see what i can do for you there okay. Um why are women attracted to alpha males because of evolution uh historically speaking the alphas or the dominant members of a particular group always always always had access to generally. First of all they tended to be healthier than the rest of the pack which is a major major sorting factor in terms of biological reproduction all fee all species sort four they've been engaged in sexual reproduction. Anyway sort for the healthiest members of their community the healthiest members of those communities also tend to be the strongest the most hearty in terms of the ability to actually find and get food to protect themselves and their mates and ultimately their offspring and.

So we are hardwired to sort for dominance we are hardwired to sort for strength in many different ways and it's that predisposition that orientation on strength and health that leads to everything else that we consider to be desirable you know believe it or not intelligence is considered a form of strength um most people don't understand how that's true uh from a from a very primal perspective. But in our our current society big brains equal big bucks equals big resources equals a lot of strength in a social and economic level right. So women will sort four very very powerful uh very dominant healthy alphas. But they'll also sort for cerebrally dominant people people who have tremendous tremendous ability to use their mind to get ahead in societies okay.

So i hope that helps again we're going back to biology and cultural evolution um superiority complex says hey dr david do you have any recommendations for learning more about chaos magic um maybe if you can ask me a more specific question about magic or chaos magic or learning magic in general i might be able to give you a better answer okay. Again i i love questions the more specific the question the more precise an answer i can give you okay. Let's see here how to beat alcohol addiction ron i would recommend you you seek out a competent therapist hypnotherapist psychotherapist whatever our approach to dealing with addictions would be regressed to cause whether that's holographic regression or or classical regression technique certainly you want somebody qualified to work with those kinds of issues if you're trying to do this on your own start with a self-mastery supercharger get your ass to some of our live events where people who are actually competent in this work can guide you through processes um. But for something like an alcoholic any kind of addiction really i would recommend you you reach out to a competent therapist that you trust who works in modalities that resonate with you and start there okay.

Uh mahdi shabbat good to see you amadi good to see uh david what is fear how can one remove fear that is deep in the subconscious what is fear fear is an energy it's an energy of lack separation um disconnection um pain and it locks in the body and it accumulates over time and as it accumulates we become more and more fearful and. So a lot of the work that we do is understanding this um this innate movement towards contraction and separation right. Everybody's out to get us everybody's trying to take our stuff right. But ultimately fears and energy and a type of consciousness for lack of a better word a very low level of consciousness.

But it's one that is part and parcel to the human the animal suit that we're wearing and we have to learn to deal with it in fact that's why if you take a spiritual perspective that's why most of us came to this particular place at this particular time in this vibrational range is to experience this fear and learn how to transcend it okay. Most of us are not transcending it as well as we would like. But we're on our way. So.

But really fear is just something you're doing right. It's a signal from the neurology that something in the environment needs to be paid attention to and depending on the narrative we assign to those feelings we'll determine largely the reality of the set level of consciousness uh that we're operating from okay. So i hope that kind of answers your question now how can one remove fear that's deep in the subconscious point to where you feel it and unpack it and attack it okay. That's really how we do it there's fear is no.

You know all the fears that you're going to encounter structurally are no. Different from each other and largely the stories or structures of those things are often quite similar from one person and again i'm not belittling anybody's fears or anybody's process. But when you peel back the hood and you see how all these things are built you see a common structure a common substance that they're built out of all of which is changeable and malleable if you have the right. Tools and the right.

Guidance and. So we do our best to provide that at whatever level people can afford right. If you can only afford our free content good that's fine if you want a deeper dive into what we do behind the scenes and the deeper levels of alchemy that they're hard to explore we have ways for you to do that. But at the end of the day when you come to this channel you should at least leave it with a tool that'll allow you to make your life even a little bit better just from having been here um.

But really everyone goes through fear everybody has different tolerances for fear different things trigger us. But at the end of the day all of our fears are more like than different. So if we can point to where you feel it. Then we can start to change it okay.

Hopefully that helps uh mol 6869 hi from england may i ask what crystal is in your bracelet you wear now and. Then you mean this you mean my necklace or you mean the uh this bracelet this is a this is a related tourmaline and this is a turquoise and tiger eye this is my native american piece and this is my custom made jewelry piece from down the street uh let's see here is this useful you guys getting anything out of this talk if you're getting something out of it please go ahead and like and subscribe. But you're all subscribers. So i only released this to my subscribers.

So let's see here let's see here um iv bolt says i kind of have the feeling that you know who warren farrell is unfortunately i do not know who warren farrell is. But if you can sing a few bars maybe i can pick it up john pachakowski what books do you recommend for those who want to learn all the neurological brain differences between this x's well start with brain rules probably a good user-friendly one um most of the stuff by desmond morris will probably give you um some good insights um look. At why him why her by dr helen fisher look. At how emotions are made by dr lisa feldman barrett um the oxy the oxytocin code i think is one that might be useful for you guys um there's probably lots of good gender-based neuroscience books out there.

But those are the ones that are in my personal library that give me kind of insights into things um. So i'll start there let's see here. So hernan sinabrea shoot your link what link which link are we talking about uh ground seven seven. First i must say that you are a great teacher and i had the same the same way as you in to researching about consciousness read a lot of books and recently found a great man in jerry tennant not familiar with him.

But now you've sparked my interest. So i'm going to have to go now i have to look. At warren farrell and jerry tennant i've put these guys on my list thank you now i got more research to do all right. Um crypto chris if you do the napoleon hill roundtable imagination counselors technique a lot can it make you crazy well anything if done improperly or in an unstable environment can make you crazy um probably not.

So much i mean i can't really say one way or another they can make you crazy did it make napoleon go crazy did it make everybody learned it from crazy it's a matter of opinion you know um. So ground seven says if you don't know about him it will interest you to go more deeper into mudders cool i am excited to hear that amar ahmad how does hypnosis and influence tie in with tcm psyche specifically shen pogongi and jer oh man let me count the ways um is probably a far more powerful more direct way to heal those aspects of the shen than most of what they're teaching you in chinese medicine um and it's because chinese medicine looks at things in terms of an ecosystem and a an environment like a watercourse whereas i hypnosis tends to view consciousness and the ways we approach it more like a data stream and. So if we understand that the three aspects of the human being one of which includes that you have a mental body an astral or energy body and a physical body acupuncture uh and and derivatives of it the herbs um the body work they tend to focus on the energy body and the and the um the physical body and and. So a lot of times it takes a lot longer to affect change at the mental body hypnosis nlp holographic memory resolution we're going to shoot right.

To the mental body fix the the the energetic imbalance generator at its source and. Then that imbalance will will actually dissolve out very very quickly because if you think of the the the source at the mental body level like the spring that's filling the river that's hitting the dam and it's not leaving the moment the moment this stops this energy starts to seep out and the block goes away on its own pretty almost spontaneously many times it's very very quick when you affect change from the mental body down as opposed to trying to achieve manifest um from the energetics up uh the only time that actually seems to change well actually it doesn't really change because what we do is well they're spinning and magic framing color breathing it's we're integrating all three bodies simultaneously and. So you get a continual change from from from the most subtle to the coarsest and deepest. So um.

But yeah there's a there's a lot of most of what you would consider hypnosis in the chinese medical side would be known as negong or sheng literally spiritual disciplinar or inner work and a lot of their processes are actually very old school very very similar to old school hypnotic techniques um they just have they just never separated the energetic component from it. So i hope that i hope that helps awesome answer thank you david i really appreciate it ground seven seven as he connected the western eastern medicine as i'm interested how much did you learn about motors regarding the voltages it changes within the body i haven't looked at i haven't i haven't experimented with how things regulate in terms of voltage in the body i'm more focused on the subjective phenomena that they tend to be associated with and what they produce certainly i think that depending on what practices you're using you can certainly create more voltage in the body. So i think there's definitely that aspect to it. But i haven't personally looked at it in terms of how it can practically create change for us um dave sun how do i know when it's time to end a friendship i feel worse after seeing this person i always feel like i'm being talked down to they always mention how they are doing better than other people well that would be three reasons right.

There keep in mind that if you spend more time coming away from an interaction with somebody feeling worse than when you. First met encountered them that's a sign okay. Um i'm gonna go back to something that richard bandler once said um and maybe i'm taking it out of context maybe i'm just adding my own spin to it um. But take this as it will when you look.

At the relationship how much value is this person actually bringing to your life how are they making your life better and when i say better i'm not talking in terms of what they can do for you in terms of favors or money or or what have you that's transactional although that's certainly an aspect of it. But when you think about it when you're with this person does your life get better subjectively do you feel better about you do you feel better about your life do you feel more connected and less alone in the world because of this connection that you have with this person if the answer is yes. Then they're adding value to your life they're worth keeping if the opposite is true. Then you need to to put on your big boy or big girl pants and start cutting some chords because you know and again to quote chris voss again he was talking in terms of of negotiations and mediations.

But i'm going to paraphrase him here and transfer this into this he would always say no. Deal is better than a bad deal right. Well let's look. At that if all human interactions are negotiations or communications.

Then no. Relationship is better than a bad relationship right. It's better to be alone and happy than with somebody in miserable that's my belief now you don't have to nobody had nobody here has to do anything that i said. But having been lonely or been alone and happy and not lonely and miserable and the other way around um if we want the relationships in our life that are fulfilling to us.

Then we have to do two things a we must remove the people who don't fit that bill we don't fit our model of the way we want to live our lives because they're holding space for people who would make our lives better the. Second piece of that is we need to become somebody who brings value to other people's lives simply by living their life in harmony with who they want to be right. I've said this before i'll say it again the harder you have to work to be in a relationship with somebody the harder you're going to have to work to stay in that relationship and i'm not talking from uh the pers from the uh spectators perspective i'm talking about somebody who's lived that life who is actually in many ways still living that way right. Are they worth it i think.

So. But is it work damn right. It is right. So at the end of the day you have to decide is this person bringing more as much to the relationship as they're taking consistently it's going to be it's always going to be some give or take some less than 50 50 equality going on.

But as a rule more often than not are the people in your life giving you the life you want or allowing you to live the life you want if the answer is no. Then it's on you to remove them and sometimes you can do that gently sometimes you have to just cut the cords and say that's it we're done right. And i can't tell you the best way to do that right. That's something that's uniquely personal.

So i hope that helps right. And and people and here's the one thing like i said earlier at the beginning of this this video the one thing you can count on is that things are going to change period end of story one of the biggest things that holds us up hold us back as humans is this desire to hold on to everything for things to remain the same they don't they can't right. The universe is going to force change on us one way or another we can either lean into it and learn how to surf or we can get knocked over by wave after wave after wave and rail at the universe for being what it's always been right. Um you're all magic waiting to happen.

So grab a hold of it grab hold of that power take it out and use it it's okay. It's you know sometimes it's better again i said this to my wife and she actually loved this this particular sometimes it's better to be an for a minute than an for the rest of your life right. It's not easy if we're easy people would be doing a lot more of it right. But at some point we have to take responsibility for the quality of the lives we need it's easy to blame at the end of the day look.

In america the only people people can really make that change is us right. I'm sounding. So preachy today. Anyway i hope that's useful to people um alex p is manifesting just letting life come to you rather than just chasing and attracting this chasing energy actually is this manifestation in a lot of ways yet uh manifesting remember everything that you could ever want or ever have wanted or ever will want according to the physicist is already here the question becomes why aren't we grabbing a hold of it why aren't we perceiving it it's because of the filters in place that give us an illusion that it's not here.

So enlightenment to me the ability is analogous to the ability to manifest things better and faster is the removal of the filters that are keeping you from perceiving the infinity the infinite abundance that's already around you right. And as we do that alignment is in the process of learning more it's about getting rid of things you thought you knew right. And seeing things without those filters in place. But the more we try to chase things a lot of times the faster it runs away from us and that's what the taoists were trying to teach us uh in their yijing and this concept of uh yin and yang right.

Now let's see here antoine pretty should i do the state control exercises on an empty stomach in all right. Here's the thing about state control drills you should do them everywhere you can under any circumstance that you can as you get more confident with the drills why is that because state control is like a martial art state control is like lifting weights the only way you're going to get better at state control is to do it over and over and over again and. Then add the levels of complexity add the levels of difficulty and challenge to the work right. Most people are still on training real estate control which is still better than most people learn.

But at the end of the day if you really want to tap into the true power that the state control training that we give has for you you need to put yourself in environments that are progressively more challenging. So that you can build up that state control muscle otherwise you're going to reach a certain point and that's as far as you're going to go right. You have to again it's called training for a reason right. Understanding the techniques for how to do it that's empowering on many many levels.

But if you don't do the drills if you don't play with your state control if you don't find opportunities to stretch it and test it you're never going to find out what your where your true level really is until it comes out of nowhere and takes you by surprise right. So think about where you're at think about where you want to be find little steps between where you are and where you want to be and just put yourself in those situations and practice your state control all right. Now let's see here let's see here dean mcc says dave what are thoughts and where do you think they come from wow well that's a loaded question thoughts are intentions that leak through up through our different levels of um body from the akasha or the void think of it as the the source of our mental body and. Then that mental body wraps itself in an astral or energy body and.

Then an astral energy body wraps itself within or into a physical form. So the thoughts that we that we have or thoughts from a spiritual perspective are ideas and concepts right. Um from a structural perspective they're a vibrational field that has a structure to it that perpetuates a certain perspective a level of consciousness certain body feelings and associations right. So if i look.

At you know when i ask you what thoughts are made of they'll tell me energy or they'll tell me vibrations or they'll tell me different things. But really functionally as far as your physical neurology is concerned thoughts are made of visual auditory kinesthetic olfactory and gustatory distinctions qualities that interact to create the illusion of a movie or a narrative okay. So i hope that helps uh get smart quick says hey mr schneider your products have helped me garner financial freedom thank you hallelujah congratulations brother i can't wait to get my cut no. I'm teasing um congratulations keep using it it just gets better pedro kuto how to attract the dream job can i manifest that how like events and people do i'm meant to put there the universe can give me that like this okay.

Pedro uh let's go back and rewrite that sentence. So i can understand it a little better. So i can give you a better question the short answer is yes. You can manifest all that stuff as long as you are willing to become the kind of person who can have it okay.

Remember everything that you could ever want or need including that dream job is already out there there's like from a kabbalistic perspective there's light out there waiting to come into a vessel that vessel is you are you the vessel that can contain and transform that light or transduce that light that's what you got to do you've got to become the person who can have it and the light will find you the manifestations will find you okay. Take the right. Actions have the right. Identity which goes to your vessel and you will in fact draw into your life those ideal circumstances okay.

At least ideal for you at that level of your current evolution right. Um get smart quick says especially one with james youtube thank you keep shining your thing i will do my best i'll get smart quick nlp for copywriting nice kikin i like the stream thanks for sharing this with me get smart says uh sleight of mouth okay. Uh superiority complex thanks get smart quick i already have one of those books okay. Cool cool clara from down under glad you're still with us we will get there eventually as soon as you're as soon as your country kind of relaxes a little bit on the vaccination requirements we will be there with bells on we've been trying to get there for three years now i promise we're gonna come see it uh crypto chris what characteristic would you say has most led you to your success in life um what characteristic desire and relentless determination uh to to get answers uh most of the things that that moved me forward in my life were things that started as obstacles that i needed to overcome and questions that i needed answers to and i just wasn't going to stop until i found a way to get those questions answered you know quality of the questions changed and.

So did my life right. Um one piece at a time let's see here uh i wanna say let me look. I think stephanie's oh hold on a. Second let me go back to this okay.

Sorry about that i had a message from my stephanie my administrative goddess who was uh wondering about links uh see here. So joe cerrani says dave that. Last comment about relationships was spot on thank you very much you're very welcome joe uh do you make cesis thank you for answering my question happy to uh let's see here iv bolt dr warren farrell contributed to the male female dynamic in the 1980s i'm reading one of his books and thought that you knew about him because you spoke about when women talk about problems no. That was an observation i i don't know the guy now um i just came to that that rap from observing really um i had some good female teachers uh over the years um.

But i learned more by observing than by anything else um joe says. So hard sometimes yes. It is the one of the hardest things that um that we can do to cut that cord because we know what it feels like to be on the receiving end of that and we don't want to be that person the other part is is that um we don't want to be cut off we're afraid there won't be anything if we let go of that relationship that'll be nothing and that's almost never true it's almost never true there's always going to be somebody who can fill the space for you the question is are they this is the space they're feeling the one you're looking for or is it just a placeholder and most of us are just afraid that if we let go of the relationships we have that somehow we won't have anybody no. There will there won't be anybody well sometimes in order for us to find the people to walk alongside us we have to.

First be one to walk alone you know everybody wants to follow leaders they want they want someone who can lead them and teach them and guide them. But sometimes that person has to be us. First it has to be us. First because until until that happens we don't really know who we are we don't really know what we're about.

So how can we make a better decision as to who is going to satisfy our the the needs that we have or not right. Um again we all you know we all come into this world with the illusion that we're alone that we're all separate and we tend to leave with that idea too well we're never really alone at least not for any length of time there's always something with us you know and the longer i do this work the more i i really i really see that perceive that on on many different levels you know um. Anyway let's see here would you say that everybody has a main purpose they're put on this planet to do or that is all perspective and the grass is greener where you water it outlook. I think we all have main purposes in this life i don't think there's one specific thing i think we come in with a with a mission plan of objectives that we have to hit in this spiritual journey and as we check those off we get to upgrade to the.

Next level. So i don't think we're ever really done until we're done and i don't think that's something that takes place in one lifetime i think we have missions that we come to fulfill karmas we need to balance or to coons we need to make if you're from a more orthodox kabbalistic perspective. But i don't think there's just one and i think every mission that we have that we that we come into this world with does things on multiple levels as our consciousness shifts the things that you thought you were wanted to learn about back when you were 22 or 12 or 5 have a much different significance to you now as you look. Back on them than they did when you.

First had them when you. First learned them right. And. So i think what those events have to teach us changes as our consciousness shifts.

So i hope that helps um jacques joyou is asking at megan cli selenite is that stephanie will send it in a download attachment alex p any advice on staying in my desired identity sometimes i forget who i truly am love identity by design just need to stay in that state 24 7. your identities will spontaneously shift as the as the context and the environments you're operating in shifts. So if you want something to be more consistent you have to consciously practice it and adopt it for at least 66 days for as long as possible right. And you'll probably have to give yourself boosters every hour every couple of hours until you can hold it longer and it just becomes your default go-to state it has to be a habit all identities and all personalities are just habits of belief and behavior ways and attitudes and moods that's all they are and if we want a different identity if we want a different persona. Then we have to practice it because none of them are the true you at any given moment they're all just facets of an entity that's inhabiting a body okay.

Hold on come on in what's up what do you got oh now my daughter my 12 year old just tried to poke her head in and now that i've pointed her out she's trying to run back downstairs all right. Um let's see here let's see here satirist says hey david quick question what time are you doing the platinum today i'm going to do it in about five minutes i have to actually log off and thank you for reminding me hey listen for those of you i got to log off and log into the platinum ama group for those of you who want to get your questions answered and actually interact with me in a video format on zoom uh all you have to do is go to the community tab subscribe to our platinum level you'll see a zoom link for our platinum ama which is going to start about four minutes and you can ask me your questions directly there or if you prefer what you can do is when the video the replay of this ama goes live just go to the comments section re-type your questions in the chat and i'll circle back. Later on this week or tonight or tomorrow and i will i will do my best to type in the answers to the questions and point you at the resources um that will get you more of what you want in the shortest amount of time possible sound like a deal if you like that go ahead and type that's cool i'll do that in the chat all right. Yeah the link for the ama said i changed it it's not 422 anymore sd okay.

Um. So let me see if i have my i don't know if i have the zoom link here anymore i think i actually changed it oh that's not good never mind uh. Anyway all right. So listen i gotta run i gotta get out i gotta re-configure everything uh if you go to that platinum ama page i'll go ahead and repost the zoom link in a few minutes once everybody's set up um and uh i hope you had a good time if you did please like share let people know about what we're doing we got a lot of great things coming up in the.

Next 24 months on planet david i love you all good night god bless take care.
