Title: wduIo93UizE.txt
Video Id: wduIo93UizE
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wduIo93UizE

H hello hello hello everyone. Dr. David checking in. I had some free time on a.

Sunday. So. I thought. I would just check in with.

Y all and see how you're doing uh and. I had some questions. So let's see oh my. God we got we got.

Mon's in here we got. Heather oh geez. Everybody's. Free on a.

Sunday huh good evening everyone how's it all doing you know sometimes. I wish that we could just uh we could just talk it would get. So crazy. So quick.

So listen. I. I. I'm not going to be on for very long uh one of the reasons.

I wanted to jump on was because uh. I wanted. I haven't. First of all.

I haven't talked to you guys in forever. So there's. Susan and. Liam and.

Paul and ether um couple of things. I'm putting some of you know this some of you don't. I'm gonna post a an announcement. Later tomorrow we're running a webinar hidden.

Laws of. Attraction uh we're going to go over some of my approaches to uh metaphysics manifestation things of that nature which by the way uh 2025 is going to be a huge year for new stuff like if if you were um if you've liked our original vibrational influence programs and. In. Laws of.

Attraction and stuff like that uh the stuff. I got coming out that. I'm working on right. Now for 2025 is going to be off the [ __ ] charts um no.

Pun intended. But um and that's actually one of the reasons uh why. I wanted to jump on real quick a because. I haven't connected with you guys uh in a while.

But also because. I wanted to get your opinion on something like. I said. I'm putting together the the webinar offer for tomorrow right.

You guys know how our webinars work we have you know two and a half hours of just training training training. I show you how to go where to go. Next what you want to learn. Next things like that there's always grd off connected to what we do even though that's not the focus um my question is is.

I. I can offer you know if you guys had a choice between the unleashed the unleashing the magic within training which you see you saw me advertising for the past couple months uh going to a vibrational influence training or [Music] um face read which one would you which one would you guys rather attend just as in general would you guys rather have the unleashing the magic kind of a style which. I've been talking about would you like to do our our vibrational influence training or would you be more interested in face reading just type in the chat um your top your top pick just to keep it simple right. My background is backwards.

H let me see if. I can do something about that that's funny because it's not backwards on my camera see if. I mirror it now my shit's backwards. But this is actually let me see where we're at here.

So let's see here um. I should cover three magic questions protocol well. I can do that. Liam says thanks for the shout out uh.

Liam says unleashing the magic. Jason says un leashing the magic uh. Susan says magic you guys like magic for some reason uh. KW says vibrational.

Lucas says unleashing the magic within yeah it's looking like again like. I said the this the unleashing the magic seminar that we've got coming up in uh in. Vegas is a is a test of concept if. I can do what.

I think. I can do with with this material. Then there will be unleashing the magic one two three four um because it's kind of my approach to initiation into hermetics. But with a much more pragmatic uh.

St of skill set. So it's obvious that you guys want me to let's just say let's suppose for a moment that that. I were gonna add a. VIP ticket you know one of those mysterious.

VIP tickets onto my webinar tomorrow. I'm assuming that you guys would very much like it to be uh to unleashing the magic within would that be uh accurate okay. Cat says down the road vibrational healing okay. Derek.

Brown loose says uh unici the magic hi hypn. Ivy hi. Ivy um ether says. I have a laundry list of products.

I want purchase after. I've okay. Um for those of you who are into the. W woo.

But practical woo. Then you definitely want to join me tomorrow for tomorrow's uh hidden. Laws of. Attraction webinar okay.

Well you guys have given me some really good uh marketing uh intelligence. So now it's my turn what do you guys want to know about how can. I help ether says. I want to know more about hermetics as well learn all everything we teach is based in hermetics whether it's hypnosis influence skills um hidden.

Laws of. Attraction vibrational influence regression every single thing that we're doing the principles that underly it are in the. Mystery. Schools they're in the.

Hermetic traditions that we just don't use those terms or give you the ancient sayings or we give you all the. Neuroscience that supports everything we're teaching you. But the. Masters the ancient.

Masters they had ways to access these these phenomena centuries ago and a lot of that was lost or deliberately kept hidden and. I won't bore you with the fact that you've been lied to misrepresent misled and uh basically held back on for hundreds of years. But. I'm gonna.

I'm doing my best to uh to balance that equation in a safe and responsible way. So um there's some. I in the past probably in the past hell in the past two weeks. I have uncovered more mindblowing things needs testing.

But if if they're even remotely true like some of my other stuff is. Then we have some major major gamechanging stuff if you're willing to do the trainings okay. Procopio. Kua say says have you ever experienced imposture syndrome all the time all the time.

I don't know any human who hasn't unless they're delusional yeah uh let's see here. Rene says the worst are fluix what's a fluix okay. Heather says oh. But you know.

I love the. Magic in the okay. Okay. Aradus.

Interceptor says hey. David. I have a question. I'm using chat.

GPT. Pro and. Claude 3. AI my question is how would you use.

AI to practice role playing uh the three magic questions architecture all right. So. I'm assuming that you want chat. GPT to be your practice partner yes.

Okay. What you need to do is you need to set up a bunch of prompts telling uh telling chat. GPT what role to play what experience they've had um and how to respond when you senses its own words being used back right. So you'd have to create a prompt to do those things right.

So based on what we've learned about three magic questions you'd have to build those things into the prompt like it enhances connection makes you feel more romantically uh connected stimulates attraction interest. Focus attention you'd have to build those things into the promp. So when you responded to chat. GPT it would it would it would respond like a human okay.

So it's all in it's all in how you contextualize the prompt the magic is in the pre frames okay. Cat down the road says vibrational healing. Edie says hi hi uh let's see here um it feels like. I've been experiencing as well how do you work through it just keep going that's really it if you can do it you can do it right.

There at the end of the day feeling like ano. An impostor has little bearing on whether you can actually do the work or not because if you every time if every time you're called to perform you can get it done doesn't matter how you feel inside right. So more often than not that's when. I just.

I just step into my mastering. Commander uh metaframe or my. Rockstar meta frame and. I step into that identity and.

I just go for it right. That's where acting having an acting um having an acting background really helps armad intercept says yes. You can instruct. GPT to take on a.

Persona probably better with pe oh it's. ABS ether is always better with people always better with people right. Because there are certain you know there there are certain things that you know. GPT just doesn't get about us yet it's getting closer it's get the scary part is it's getting closer and closer and closer and.

I've been given access recently to some more advanced. AI models that are terrifying uh in what they can do. But um as long as they as long as they. Remain the tool rather than this the the.

Tyrant will be good um. Liam. Fen not a question just testimony. IBD and killer influence successfully landed me a major business deal and new potential lifelong friends.

I am. So grateful to. Planet. David.

Bravo. Liam well done keep going. Pay. It.

Forward. Robin how to become a better boyfriend for someone who has gone through some sexual trauma in childhood okay. Great question the bottom line it's the same and honestly it's the same the majority of it is the same information that um. I would give to anybody else regardless of the context clean up your [ __ ] realize that the people in your past were fulfilling we playing a role in a pattern that if you've transcended that pattern that pattern is no.

Longer true for you decide who you want to be instead and build in the quality using the. IBD system for example use the qualities and characteristics that you want more of in that person if you want to be a better boyfriend or girlfriend you have to know what and for those of you who' have read ever ever read my program secret orgasm tips um it was one of the very. First products. I ever put out it was a course built around the idea of becoming your your lovers ideal partner sexually romant learning how to fulfill them on a deep level.

So the. First thing that you have to understand is that every human being on the planet is moving through the world with an internal checklist a template if you will that represents their ideal partner and they're moving through the world projecting that template onto everyone they meet and every time they find a match they check a box and they become more attracted every time they find a mismatch they cross they. Splash through it they become less attractive secret orgasm tips and its related courses were all about figuring out what a person's template is in the shortest amount of time possible. So that you could perfectly match it and.

Then expressing that embodying that template. So that everything you about what you did and how you did it checked all the boxes for that partner that is probably you know in terms of yeah. I taught it in the context of sexuality. But the truth is is it's it's a it's a template for life and any form of um extremely satisfying relationships now it presupposes that you have a partner that's willing to do the same thing for you if they're not willing to do the same thing for you.

Then you have a choice you have to educate them or deal with their limitation right. And if after you educate them they're still unwilling or unable to fulfill your template. Then it's time to say do. I need you have to evaluate if this is the right.

Relationship for you. But every human being on the planet is going to have a template and a checklist that they're projecting out into the world if you want to be a better partner for somebody a you got to clean up your [ __ ] because your [ __ ] gets in the way of perceiving what they most need and want and becoming that. But you also have to educate your partner on what you need and want. So you be you have to understand acknowledge and honor each other's templates right.

And we all have them. But a lot of us don't realize consciously what those templates are until we actually talk about them and a lot of guys and gals don't know how have that conversation. So a lot of what we do in secret orgasm tips and and the related courses that we teach it's about observation because people will project that template onto the world and if you have the eyes. To see and the ears to hear.

Then you can em that very very quickly and and and really escalate the the intensity and the and the connections in your relationships. But there's a presupposition that you have a partner that is willing to do that for you as well. So. I hope that that helps.

Robin uh. Shmi bannery how can we turn self-doubt into a trigger to. Greater self-confidence and greater resourcefulness well. I would start with the transformational.

Triad. But. Then. I would start and.

Then. I would add in [Music] um regression. I would clean up the past most of our self-doubt comes from failures we've had in the future or beliefs we've installed from other people that taught us to doubt ourselves right. And.

I wouldn't worry too much. I don't worry too much about confidence anymore and. I don't worry too much about the doubts that. I have because at the end of the day if we can just make the decision that we're going to do this no.

Matter what gets in our way no. Matter how many doubts we have about our ability if we just decide that we're going to do this and we're going to figure it out. Then what tends to happen is you tend to bring about a greater degree of resources to bear on the problem right. If you decide that you're gonna you're not going to quit no.

Matter what. Then the doubts you have and the confidence you have are largely irrelevant confidence for most people is really an after state in other words you have this this thing you want to accomplish and maybe you have no. Confidence in your ability to do it. But you decide.

I want that and. I'm going to get it no. Matter what and you you make that plan and you put it into operation and boom all of a sudden you nail it now you look. Back say yeah.

I did that now you're confident. But that a lot of times it's not confidence that gets you there it's the. Relentless drive to get it it's that that desire to get things to not qu to keep going right. And self-doubt is largely a point an aspect of what we're focusing on mostly when we when when self-doubt becomes a problem it's because we're focusing on all the reasons why it might not work or why we're not good enough right.

As opposed to focusing on all the reasons on how am. I going to get this how am. I going to figure this out what needs to happen. So it's not always a question of of the doubts that we have or there are inadequacies or whatever.

But actually what we're focusing on you see if we're always focusing on all the reasons why we can't do something or what could go wrong it makes us it it starts this little domino. Effect and makes us not want to take the steps right. Now. I'm not saying be paana and be.

Pie in the. Sky evaluate if how on a scale of you know zero to 10 how much you really want this and how worthwhile it is to you to do it and. Then just go for it right. Doubts are going to happen obstacles are going to happen problems are going to get in away people are going to tell you no.

[ __ ] them if it's something you want and it's something that's important to you the. Relentless drive and desire to go for it is far more important than any confidence right. Or any self-doubt right. But if we focus on the doubts if we focus on the lack of confidence if we focus on what we don't have or what we think we need to have instead of just taking the actions our mind is focused on the wrong thing we're focused on the things we want and instead of the things or instead of things we don't want instead of the things we want and this is true enough to be true as we like to say in.

NLP you get what you focus on if you focus on the doubts you'll get more doubts if you focus on all the reasons why you can't succeed you're far more likely to take the actions that lead to success if you decide you're going to get it no. Matter what and you you you decide that you're going to go over around and through whatever obstacles get in your way. I have met very few people with that attitude who have ever failed what. I mean by fails.

I mean they didn't eventually become successful it's the one it's all the confident [ __ ] who let anything get in their way that they're the confidence people in in in poville for lack of a better word right. It's the. Relentless determination. I have doubts all the time.

I say [ __ ] it. I'm gonna do it. Anyway right. That's my.

Mantra [ __ ] it right. Um and a lot of times there's tremendous power in that right. But if you constantly focus on all the all if you focus on your doubts and you focus on your on not having on not being confident right. Then that will grow.

So hopefully that that helps um let's see here um. Lucas is asking can. I speak a little bit about the. Rockstar metaframe sounds nice to have this uh it's great actually uh we teach it in killer influence it's one of the it's one of the foundations of our state control modules um and what what's happened basically what you're doing in in the uh in the.

Rockstar metap frame is you're imagining what it would be like we have a whole process that we have we teach in killer influence to install this in you. But imagining what it would be like to be the world's most. F like. Taylor.

Swift or the male equivalent everywhere you go everybody wants to. Touch the. Hem and everybody wants to be part of the part of your entourage and wherever you go the part is about you and everybody just you just bring the fun wherever you go this that you radiate this. Charisma what would it be like to be that person and how would that feel what would you see what would you hear what would you smell what would you taste and just be that and just imagine what that would be like and step into that stand that way breathe that way and move through the world as if that's actually true and when you can do that.

Then all the mirror neurons and the people around you will start to em to will pick up that message and they'll start to actually treat you that way you know there's a little bit more to it in terms of installation and embodying that. But that in a nutshell is what it's about this is why. I always tell you guys if you want to be a great hypnotist right. And everything.

I do. I believe you know whether. I'm talking about magic or whether we're talking about dating or we're talking about sales and marketing or whatever to me everything is based in this concept of hypnosis and how the mind works which ultimately led to. NLP and all these other things.

But. NLP to me is just an advanced form of hypnosis right. And you take the the mystical trainings well that's that's. NLP and hypnosis combined with energy and now you have everything right.

Um. Anyway um. So the more you can embody that state. The.

More. Everything. About. You lines up and people start to respond they get pulled into your reality bubble and they start to treat you that way you become progressively more um charismatic and fun um chiman says.

Dr. D some feedback from spinning. I had a friend who a female who got violently attacked by ail twice her size the other day you spinning and got her feeling safe again in 10 minutes well done way to pay it for way to change lives keep going lah. Martin says hi sweethearts motty says message retracted.

Alana where does what happened to. Alana where did she go um girl sees dragons yes. I'm learning this. L.

Martin says true hold on a. Second. I think. I.

I think the thing skipped on me okay. Alana retracted her message. Thermon nuke says yo a modest. I'm a manager at.

Amazon. So. I get to interact with all kinds of personalities. So for me.

I practice at home. Then go to work and supermarket and use it and translates well perfect. Alina can you please talk a little bit about the telepathy of your subconscious mind connecting with your clients once okay. Um alen.

I'm gonna have to ask you for a little bit more specificity on that question uh. I'm not sure exactly what the context is what you're trying to ask me about uh if you can give me a little bit more targeted question. I give you a better answer and that goes from anybody who's new to. Planet.

David. I love answering questions and you guys know back in the day. I would spend hours on here with you answering whatever questions you would ask me. But the better the qu the more specific and the more uh precise the question the better the answer.

I can give you okay. Uh sarab is asking how to get out of the friend zone okay. Sarab once again is this somebody that you want to meet and are afraid of getting friend owned or is it somebody you've already met and has who has friendzoned you it's very different okay. Girl sees.

Dragon oh my. God. I can't believe. I just caught this live how late am.

I you're not late at all you're right. On time girl sees dragons armadas. David are you familiar with. Bashar channeled by.

Daryl. Anka his teachings and yours are. Vibe really well and have boosted my quality of life. I am familiar with the name.

Bashar uh. I do not believe. I could be wrong he's been around for a while uh. I don't believe.

I'm familiar with any of his his content though um. I'm. So close to manifesting my dream life homeless any fast tips um. I'm.

So close to manifesting my dream life homeless any effect girl sees dragon can uh can you elaborate on that if you're is your dream to be homeless because. I'm not sure. I follow this question right. Lah says true yes.

I'm learning this uh in the. Magical. World of. Energy what is co really it's nasty is what it is um all the energetic and uh energetics people.

Shaman. Mystics chiong healers that. I've worked with who've kind of delved into the the co thing they're all telling me that this is not a natural normally responding energetic thought form this is something this is something engineered um the thing about any form of illness um is that bio biological life has it's an an analogy in the energetic world and. So a lot of the things that that happen to us on a biological neurological level have an energetic component to it and based on what people are telling me that the covid thing doesn't act like anything else they've ever encountered um that being said um everything starts with thought and energy thought and intention.

So and one of the thing we from a shamanic perspective everything has an over an overseeing. I don't want to use the word deity. But when. I use.

DD. I mean. DD with a small. D not a big d right.

There's one there's one. G and. Then there's a lot of. Little.

G's right. Uh and. So every every plant and every uh substance and every mineral has overse seeing. Guardians and deities and and thought forms created to egregor if you will that's not exactly as precise as.

I'd like it to be and. Co has one as well. But it doesn't respond it doesn't behave based on what. I was taught uh like like the uh the natural ones.

So the idea that it was probably engineered is probably not far off right. I'm not much of a conspiracy theorist because most conspiracy theories um don't really help us they just distract us right. Um. Stephen what's the most powerful sitting posture posture you have come across for.

State. Control while sitting okay. Um once again this is a very very vague question. But uh if you consult.

Seafood. Jerry. Island. Johnson's 18 rules of posture that's pretty much sums it up um that's a lot to go through here.

But if you if you if you if you. Google uh 18 rules of posture uh sitting or standing these are probably the most optimal uh postures that you can work now if you're talking about um if you're talking about like metaph frames like. Master and. Commander um.

Rockstar metap frame open heart trust trigger things like that. Then. I think that really depends on the context that you're you're working in. So again.

I. I can't give you a very precise answer because. I'm not really sure where we're coming from with this question uh girl sees dragons is this live or is. Dr.

David in the chat been dying to show him my work since. I found him. I see and show the dragons in the well. First of all.

I am live and. I am in the chat. So there is a little bit of a delay though between because. I'm.

I'm broadcasting through. Zoom um and there. So there's a delay between when the zoom platform integrates with. YouTube and the the video shows on your.

YouTube channel. But the um. But the chats are real time. So if.

I type something in the chat it shows up as. I type it um shamik bannery thank you. So much. Dr.

David you're welcome. BL there is occasionally something that a big hump even if stuff fats okay. L don't know. I'm not sure what you're asking there sweetie.

But. God bless you um mty what if the partner did the sexual assault is there a way to do the homework to bring the love back into the relationship okay. Marty you're going to have to elaborate on this for me sweetheart. I'm.

I'm not sure there's a lot of there's a lot of unanswered questions here that. I need to. I. I would need the answers to to give you a decent answer is there a way to do the work to bring the love back into the relationship there's always a way there's always a way to do that if both partners are willing to do the work.

I don't believe in in my heart of hearts. I don't believe any relationship is unsalvageable as long as both people are willing to do what's required and that really comes down to how much do you value the relationship that you have and how committed are you to staying together and that's that's something that you really have to you have to that's a very hard conversation to have have sometimes right. But it's it's the one that has to happen armanis it's live he just answered my question howdy dude dude. W all right.

Liam would you be willing to put us in a group pain healing hypnot trance would like a group spinning or color breathing you did a group safe place. Last. AMA still using the recording uh very powerful did. I do a group safe place at the.

AMA. I don't remember doing that um. I put the whammy on some people the other day. I was in a what class was.

I in wasn't. NLP. Ultra oh it was um it was the um the the. Meetup.

I did uh the safe place yeah that was that wasn't an. AMA that was uh that was actually a live. Meetup with an. AMA component to it.

I think. I know what you're talking about nowan yeah uh question answered. L this is a sync even if. I ever had one okay.

Um cat down. Herod says thank you okay. Red violet 182 welcome do you have any insight on how to reframe the idea of selfishness. I think.

I could stand to be let to to be less self selfless. But it comes with guilt like. I'm not having the best. I.

I'm not behaving the best. I can be well the. First thing that has to happen red is you have to ask yourself where in my body do. I feel that when when is the youngest.

I remember feeling this way and who taught me to feel that way okay. Because if you're feeling that way somebody taught you that it's not something you came into the world with that's something you were you learned. So find the earliest um the ear. EST experience of that and clear it up there and.

I think you'll find that the way you think about selflessness versus selfish when you think about selfishness versus selflessness will start to shift okay. I'm a big. I am a big big big big big big huge huge huge huge fan of enlightened selfishness. I think enlight and selfishness is the way to go until you don't need it anymore and uh if you're if you're enlightened selfish.

Then you there will almost always be a win-win you'll never find yourself one down when you can when possible and um everybody gets what they need right. As you evolve and become more towards saintliness and sainthood and you just do things because. God said. So right.

Um that's a different level of. Consciousness right. That. I see a lot of people espouse.

But very few live. So. I'm a. I'm guess.

I'm all about 50. Shades of. Gray in terms of of life liberty and the pursuit of best life possible. So.

Enlighten self-interest ether says yes. Because. I think that's how. I think that's where everybody gets the best of everybody else right.

Girl sees dragon is there a way to confirm that you have successfully manifested yeah it shows up you either got it or you didn't it's it's pretty binary that way right. But. I what. I think you're asking is when.

I do a manifestation process is there a way to know if it actually took. Right. Did the seed that. I plant is it starting to grow right.

And no. There isn't um you just have to assume. So right. Um a lot of times there will be especially if you start to evolve your three bodies um especially if you start to evolve your three bodies um your perceptual and intuitive awarenesses will start to shift and you will feel when there's a shift on a.

Quantum or vibrational level the subtle micropulsations will shift and you'll know something just changed okay. Um the more work you do in that area the more rapidly and the more precise those those shifts will become. So. Jeff let me see where is your question.

So. Jeff says. I'm having or have been having for a while now interfering or posing thoughts. So as.

I speak to someone. Then this happens. I'm tired of it. Jeff.

I have no. Idea what that means right. Yeah. I need you to.

Reas that question buddy uh todor. Dr. Snider greeings from. Bulgaria welcome.

Bulgaria. Bulgaria in the house. I have to thank you for the brilliant knowledge you sharing oh you are. So welcome it's my pleasure ether says.

Little. D deities are. Egor they can be they can be um. I have.

I have. So much training now that. I've gone through not that. I teach.

But that. I've gone through on on. NTI thought form. D you it's it's it's way deeper than.

I ever suspected and. I'm. So grateful to have the teachers that. I have uh and.

I look. And part of my my karma is to or my my golden path is to pass these things on to those who are ready for it. So sign up line up right. Um.

Robin says as a student. I'm super grateful for. Dr. David and his teaching thank you.

Robin that's very sweet girl sees. Dragon okay. Okay. I'm feeling the future version of myself my new life homeless and.

I'm. Finally doing instead of trying excellent. I really try. I really think it's about timing now ask if you have any tips to confirm.

I've manifested don't worry about confirming whether you've manifested okay. Um we all want some uh sign from above to come down and say yes. You're on the right. Track just keep going this is something that you're you're all going to be be exposed to if you haven't you've already been exposed to it more times than you consciously realize.

But we all go through these patterns where we're you know we we know we're making progress we know we're making progress we know and all of a sudden things start to slow down and. Then it feels like we're just on a treadmill and we're not going anywhere and we don't see any light at the end of the tunnel and those are the moments where all that's necessary is to just keep going okay. We call that an ego death or a a transition to a higher level of being commonly referred to as long dark nights of the soul the most important thing that you can do at those times is just keep going remember the goal just keep going these are the times that try our souls these are the times when our system is leveling up and. Then all of a sudden you'll and again sometimes they.

Last for a few hours sometimes for a few days sometimes for a few months sometimes for a few years. But if you just keep going they they never. Last and at the end you'll come out like a butterfly out of a ccon or a. Phoenix rising from the ashes and you'll look.

Back and you'll say. I'm not that person anymore right. I'm not the person who was doing that struggle. I'm.

I'm something different that person they died right. Because that's what an ego death is and they're they're never. Pleasant and they always feel like this is it for me and it never is there's always another level that you're moving to and after a while you get you start seeing that meta pattern you start to realize when you're moving through it and it never gets easy in the sense that you're going to be shoveling [ __ ] that's just how it works as you level yourself up. But it becomes familiar because now you realize it's a pattern it's how the system works and.

So rather than all this negative selft talk and doubt about oh this is going to kill me or this is this is like life is always going to be this way you lean into it and you just keep going right. Because that's what's required for all of us. I don't care where you're at on your socioeconomic. Spectrum your spiritual walk your romantic life this pattern is going to keep happening there's going to be these moments of where you're just [ __ ] on fire and.

Then it's going to plateau and it's going to feel like you're just stuck and stuck and stuck and. Then all of a sudden one day it's like you burn burst through a membrane and all of a sudden everything's good again and everything starts to speed up and you're up on that upward climb and. Then it starts to plateau and you feel like it's going to. Last forever and ever and ever and.

Then all you hit another layer that's how we evolve as conscious beings right. But all of those can be major upheavals you're going to change friends you're going to change family you're going to lose. Partners you're going to gain. Partners you're gonna you're.

GNA your interests are going to shift your values are going to morph these are all parts of the the many deaths and rebirths that we go through as we evolve towards our be our highest best version of oursel as we fulfill the mission we we took. On a body to fulfill right. And a lot of that involves following your bliss following your passion following your joy. So whether you you embrace the spiritual side of the world or it's just about having your best life ever it's the same process.

So you can just completely divorce the the spirituality side of out it and you still have the same basic idea the same moving forward formula right. Not dead can't quit right. Okay. Um red violet do you have any insight into how to reframe the idea of selfishness.

I think think. I already read that one uh saket. Gupta hi love your stuff please bring. Gary kimman for a collab.

I think about that. But can. I ask why. I by the way.

I actually am a by proxy student of gar. I actually have a lot of his uh. Title. Wave.

Chong and stuff like that. So um he's a crazy guy. I love him um. Liam might have been for a webinar safe place amazing might says thank you.

David that answered my question girl says make you strong as hell though hell yeah we came here to get strong right. We also came here to remember who we are and help one another right. But this is something that i'. I've been espousing for many years and.

I haven't said it in a while. So. I'll say it again you're no. Good to the world broken you're no.

Good to the world broke you're no. Good to the world sick you're no. Good to the world disempowered it is entirely important to the world that you become the best happiest most successful version of yourself possible because once you've achieved that now you're prepared you qualify to be the person who gives and shares okay. If you don't make your focus on yourself.

First and. Then everyone else that's enlightened selfishness right. You're you have far more to give when you're wealthy and healthy and happy and prosperous filled with energy and time time than when you have no. Time and you have no.

Energy and you have no. Money or other resources you can't help anybody or very few. So the law of practicality demands that if you want to help others that other has to start with you okay. I have never found that to be the wrong approach other people might have disagree with me you're more than welcome to disagree with me.

But. I find that uh take the me. First attitude as opposed to the me only attitude right. Is a good way to go it's easy to be generous when you have abundance not.

So easy when you're wondering where your. Next meal is coming from right. There's a certain nobility to to giving when you don't have a lot to give. But those are the exceptions that prove the rule.

So do you want to bet on the exceptions or do you want to work with what the general the general. Trends are just an idea just a thought. Mark. Kane.

I've been diagnosed as a pre-diabetic and have edema in my legs that has begun to cause me pain and. Mobility problems. I am not overweight is there anything mentally or spiritually that would help 100% uh. Mark.

I don't have a um on a public forum like this. I can't give you specific chiong exercises what. I can tell you to do is get uh get the videos on the transformational. Triad and um the.

Last. Meetup. I posted how to reprogram your subconscious mind. I think it's it's going to be the one immediately before this live stream if you go to that and you watch that video.

I do a very very very indepth primer on the principles that govern the mindbody energetic um interactions start with that pay specific attention to the sematic search engine training that. I teach in that video and. Then use the transformational. Triad techniques to start isolating the issues behind the pre-diabetic condition and the mobility issues and.

I think in a in a very short time um you're going to see a a strong shift in the symptoms that you're experiencing that's the best. I can do in this format right. Now uh. Lorden cids all the love out of.

Michigan in the same boat as girl sees. Dragon homeless and seeking serious change love and appreciate all you do. Dr. David again same advice now the secret to this the secret to really becoming abundant is put yourself.

First in other words focus on making yourself healthy wealthy and strong the. Second part of that or or actually an intrinsic part of that is if you want to receive. Revenue if you want to receive abundance. Then as part of your way of moving through the world you must provide value to others value that can be exchanged the more value you bring to the marketplace the more value you bring to relationships the more value you bring to a pro to a project the more you can ask for in return and that's the secret the the people who want money the people who want a six or seven or eight figure business the secret isn't isn't is about what are you bringing to the world and what is the the the the value you are asking or demanding in exchange for the value you bring for the world now it's always a good idea to go.

First right. I go. First all the time. I give you guys all this free information why because somebody has to go.

First somebody has to provide value and. Then you guys take that you move you out the world you apply it you get tremendous value and you come back and now we have a relationship now if. I give if. I come up with an opportunity for you guys to level up you're far more likely to do that not because.

I asked for money up front. But because. I gave you value up front right. And that's the secret for those of you who want to have your own business it's not about how much money you can make it really isn't it's about how much value can.

I provide how much value am. I asking for in return and how many people can. I put get in front of to offer them this opportunity to get that value. So it's the value you offer by the value you ask for times the people that you present it to and that's that the core of every business that we run whether it's a therapy business a coaching business a widgets business toilet brush business right.

What's the value if you want to raise your your. Revenue you want to raise your income you've got to provide more value there's lots of people out there who think they're providing you know a metric ton of value and they're actually giving you a thimbleful worth of crap right. And they're charging you a metric ton for a thimble. So there is that that aspect of it.

But by and large the vast majority of people um are actually not providing uh they're not providing themselves the value by asking for it. So. I'm kind of going off on a tangent here. But somebody needed to hear that somewhere right.

Okay. Let's see here. So. Lord and city is all the love out of michig okay.

I read that one red violet. I'm back from a little spin. I recall once you said the color we use to solve our issue is often the color we wear. I blew orange to heal.

Then realize. I'm wearing bright. Orange currently yep about 50% of the time we're better the color we need to resolve our stuff is the one we're wearing we don't realize it a lot of us don't realize it ever. But um let's see here.

Amber. Harris. Yes. Shmit.

Energy. I'm trying to be great at trading. I know what to do. But the nature of it triggers negative interactions with it and this pattern needs to avoid and regress the cause um the problem that we have is our emotions we're not following uh we're not following the formulas we're taught because our emotions get in the way.

But for you again regress to cause transformational. Triad go back review the uh how to reprogram your subconscious mind. U live that. I did.

Last. Monday uh here it's free here on. YouTube um and. Then apply the transformational.

Triad specifically to the trading and the reasons that that you're having that fear or that negativity um. Alina do you have a class for advanced students to take your teachings onward. I believe at the moment you are the greatest hypnotist knowledge person of the. Mind well thank you for that alinaa um.

I'm always coming up with new classes um becoming a teacher for. Planet. David is not easy at all and it's not cheap uh which is why there aren't that many um because they have very high standards for my instructors um. I have a lot of people that.

I taught that have gone out to teach their own seminars and do their own thing um. But there's opportunities for everything it really depends on how committed you are um to the process right. And. I'm happy to talk to you about those things um the mega program are the the.

Platinum or mega programs are the fast track to being instructors and teaching at least with my material um. Alina it would be my greatest pleasure to get a chance to work with you learn from you even though yeah well there's lots of opportunities at different price points right. So uh just stay tuned we'll be on a webinar tomorrow and it's probably going to be probably one of the most uh costeffective ways to get a lot of access to a lot of stuff quickly like. I said once.

I jump off of um once. I jump off the live here tonight. I'm gonna post a. I'm gonna post a little blurb in the in the community tab for tomorrow's webinar.

So if you're interested in in the fast track to getting into. Planet. David at whatever level um the webinar offers tomorrow are probably going to be uh the thing. I would take advantage of.

First uh simy. Simmy. I haven't seen you in forever gosh uh one thought. I'll just keep going what if you don't know the.

Next steps to take how to still keep going starts with what you want start with what you want and say what has to happen to get that and just work backwards right. Um the the other thing to do is. Follow. Your.

Passion what are you passionate about what what do. I need to do. Next right. Um because usually as we knock down one goal another one pops up of where to go.

Next okay. If that doesn't work. Then what. I need you to do is just go into your meditative.

State get very quiet connect with the. Divine and wait for an answer that's the hardest part just wait send it up to up to the. Divine and wait for that that part inside of you to speak okay. And more often than not you'll be on the right.

You'll get on the right. Track or you'll start moving and all of a sudden the course correction will pop up and you'll be back in the game again um worlds create world or words create worlds. I noticed. I'm healing my heart from narcissistic abuse it seems.

I was bullied into believing. I was not enough deficient. I don't know how to change that recording oh it's very simple very simple um point to where you feel it in your body now let me before. I go any further with that there are certain levels of work that need done that we can't do on ourselves unless we're really really well trained okay.

So this may be one of those. Forks in the road where you have to decide if. I can do this by myself or. I'm going to need some help the process will be the same.

But a lot of times the change the change work process is much easier if somebody is guiding you through it. So that being said this is what you're doing you point to where you feel it you ask when was the. First time. I remember feeling this way who was it with and who taught it to me you unpack that that event and.

Then you either use use the use the magic frame to remove the safety lessons you spin it into the direction that gives you what you want instead and. Then you use color breathing to install a better version of that memory and you just cycle through those techniques until youve got the feelings you want to have okay. Uh. Daman pleasure to see you again greetings from.

Chile. Damen. Lord and cidus. I think.

I was wondering what does it mean to see or here basically encounter the same name daily without fail okay. That was wondering what does it mean to see or hear basically encounter the same name daily without fail for over 10 years the name of an act okay. Well. First of all if you keep hearing it there's two.

POS there's there's two not mutually exclusive possibilities one it's an extremely common name and. B your particular activating system is has has some unfinished baggage where that person is concerned and it's drawing your attention every time that name is used. So that you'll go inside and clean up that [ __ ] that would be the mo that would be the aams razor version it's the most um that would be the most direct route. I would say hash.

B why no. One actually talks about how to release childhood trauma. I would talk about it all the time the problem is a lot of people don't know how to release childhood trauma they don't they think they did. But when you ask them to demonstrate they don't.

So. But no. There's a lot of very there's a lot of of very competent people out there um that can guide you through those processes. But um why no.

One actually talks about it. I don't know that that's actually true. I know a lot of well. I think what.

I think and again. I'm. I'm. I'm interpreting what you're saying is.

I think what and again correct me if. I'm wrong. I think what you're actually saying here is why do people always talk about how about releasing childhood trauma. But they never talk about how to do or you know what's the process for that.

I think that's what you're saying and. I've been giving that all day long the same process right. I've been like. I said.

I've been 20 years of this like to come up with your most heinous child childhood event it's it's a. Thursday for me right. And. I'm not.

I'm not. I'm not belittling anybody's traumas by any stretch of the imagination it's just that regardless of how you got your trauma or what your trauma is what age you got it your nervous system built it all the same way and once you understand the mechanics of that and helping people through those resolution processes is a fairly straightforward process the question becomes do they really want to get rid of it are they really are they are they how attached are they to it have they suffered enough to be willing to let it go right. Uh and that's not really even a problem um for the through the treatment room it's a problem getting them to the treatment room because if they're not ready to give it up they won't show up um they'll find a reason not to. So um.

So. I. I went off there a little bit. I hope hopefully my answer was somewhere in the ballpark of what you were asking me okay.

Girl sees dragons. God he's amazing who who are we talking about who's amazing let's see here. I think this jumped on me again. So how to use the.

Triad on intimidation about earning money exactly the same as as the other the other example. I gave the. First thing you have to decide is am. I qualified to do this on my own you're never gonna you're never gonna you're never gonna it's never a bad thing to try it on yourself.

First. But sometimes it's just it's just a lot easier to be the passenger and without being the driver you point to where you feel it how young was. I when. I.

First felt these feelings and who was it with right. You unpack it you you resolve the safety lessons you spin it to get what you want instead you install a new memory using. Color breathing you future. Pace it and you clean up and you test to see if the feelings are have how the feelings have changed and what what's there instead it's a transformational pride again for those of you who have stuff that you want to deal with and you want to do the.

DIY path okay. The video. I just posted. Last week.

Last. Monday has all it's probably one of the best uh treatments of that work. I've done in a long time. I highly recommend you go back and review it and.

Then apply that to your understanding of the transformational. Triad okay. Mark. Kaine uh thanks a bunch doc you truly are a gem and the fact that you share your wisdom without reciprocity is very.

Noble and. God will reward you more than you could ever comprehend thanks sir you're welcome you're welcome um. I live the seven at send me big hand clap okay. Um.

L says. I worry because. I'm. I'm very sleepy because that's time difference nighttime here when it's day for you.

So definitely round spinning okay. Well if you fall asleep you fall asleep you can always catch the replay that's the beauty of. YouTube there's always a replay right. Um.

Rick what do we do to take our imagination to the. Next level to do magic like. France. Barton the secret the secret to doing the work the way.

Bon talks about it is a this is something he's he doesn't put in the books okay. The. First thing is you got to stop being serious when. I mean serious.

I mean right. You've got to be playful with this okay. Be playful and use your imagination like a little child uses their imagination that's the. First thing okay.

The. Next thing is time and focus. So when you start to do the work in in. Bon system right.

You have to use the imagination and the intention and you have to pretend and. Then you and you do that for like he would tell you work up to five 10 minutes to do a certain certain drill most people try to go for five minutes they can't do it they can't do it because they haven't it's too big of a chunk for their conscious mind to focus those exercises while laying the foundation for advanced magical practices and manifestation work are actually designed to to teach to train in you the faculties of focus and concentration and. Imagination at the same time now the problem is is that when people try to concentrate they they'll you'll see them doing this now if you're concentrating and you feel tension in your body that's effort that's actually taking away from your concentration. So when you when you look.

At the time limits that. Bon puts on things chunk it down to like 30. Second 15 or 30. Second increments focus and just become absorbed in the process for 15 seconds take a 10 take a f take a a two-minute break come back do 30 seconds again come back do a two-minute break that's going to start to to build that muscle in you that that integration of focus concentration imagination and relaxation because you have to be relaxed to do these things okay.

This is why we keep talking about being playful and joyful and grateful there are higher vibrations that lead to a different body state that allows your faculties to work better okay. Yes. It's fun to be joyful and playful yes. That's that's true.

But the flip side of that is it's higher vibrational. States it allows you access to deeper resources it opens up energy gates in your body that are normally closed because you're too [ __ ] serious okay. But the way. B the problem is.

Bon is very metallic in his approach of that material and. So everything that he does comes across like uh he's standing over you with a cattle prod and a bip that if you if you make any mistake or you you don't live up to five minutes that you're somehow failing that's the energy that um if you read. Barton from a from that. Taskmaster perspective that's what you get and it actually is a safeguard to make sure that the people who don't don't get it don't get it right.

So. I'm giving you a little bit of key find the things that seem fun for you find the things that are come easy chunk five minutes down to 15 seconds and just play with it and do it as long as it's fun. But keep practicing because it's in the the magic the magic is in the is in the repetition that's how you get there you're not going to you're not going to. Quantum.

Leap it okay. Especially if you're following. Bon system right. You have to you have to to do the work now as you do the work in.

Bon system interesting things will start to happen you'll start finding shortcuts you'll finding you'll you'll start getting intuitions and download to say now now do this or now do this and that's the process that's the initi the initiation doesn't you can read. Bon from from cover to cover four five six times and not get anything from it other than an interesting idea. But the moment you start applying a piece of the work here and a piece of the work there and you just and you and you come at it with the devotion necessary. But that fun this is something.

I get to do not something. I must do right. This is fun for me now you'll start to get these downloads and these you know you know the book. Will fall open in a page will pop up and right.

On that page is the. Next thing that opens up a zip file in your head okay. That's how the work is that's how it works right. I don't know how he you know and a lot of hermetic systems have those kinds of safeguards on a on a vibrational level in them if you don't do the work you won't get the deeper teachings you have to qualify for those that only comes from doing the.

Reps okay. So that was a very long drawn on answer brick. But that's how it works in my experience. VI hello from.

Bangalore. India. I've been consistently listening to your videos. First thing in the morning for the.

Last two months. I feel shifted and grown thank you you are welcome. Sim thank you. Dr.

David yeah it's been a while. I'll be more active now onwards good we miss you uh ether. I had difficulty finding color breathing or. I was.

I misidentified it could you describe it it's really simple right. Think it's something you want to change point to where you feel it close your eyes. Notice there's a color connected to that feeling what's the color. First impression if your higher mind can send you a feeling a frequency a vibration or color that would completely dissolve that negative color in that.

XYZ part of your body what color colors might it send you imagine a braw that energy floating above your head fill the room with it wrap it around you breathe it through the negative color and watch it shift okay. That's kindergarten. But that's kindergarten color breathing we have about seven or eight levels of color breathing that we teach in regression um. So if you want to learn that the deeper levels of it and by the way that's still just the beginning of what you can do with colors.

So where can you find the venues to offer your seminars um is this an editorial you. Matthew or is this are you asking where my venues are. Cynthia hey. David lak.

Aurora retracted her message or his message or its message or um what about when we talk to other people and come out of the of that feeling sensitive what can we do okay. Uh live the seven um you're gonna have to give me more context girl sees dragons nature has a sense of humor the dragons will kisses wink and smile big it's awesome. I can't wait to show the world all right. Um shamik is asking what do you think is the best way to drive motivation and determination at the moment of waking um.

I would start by this is going to be fun moment you wake up you're you wake up you're lying there in that little brown or that little drowsy. Happy. State realize you have an opportunity to have fun today you get to make some changes you get to do it you don't have to do it right. Focus on the things you want and go for it one of the biggest challenges that we have a lot of times is that we see something that we become passionate about we're highly motivated we're highly determined and we start on that journey and somewhere during that.

Journey we forget why we're doing it why we started that in the. First place and what became a an exciting. Adventure a vision quest for lack of a better word now becomes a drudgery it becomes a job it becomes something. I have to do is something that's being forced on me and imposed on me for a lot of us the most powerful thing that we can do for ourselves is to stop and remember ask ourselves why did.

I do this in the. First place what was the reason that. I embarked on this journey and is that still true for me and if it is keep going right. Because what happened is you stopped focusing on the goal and started focusing on the tasks and that will always without without fail in my experience that will always end up in a loss of motivation and determination we have to stop and remember why we started something and continually ask ourself is that still true because if it's still true it's still worth doing and do you deserve it do you is it worth is it worthwhile for you to do those things and.

I find and. I think if you just do that especially if you go to when you go to bed at night when you get up in the morning you're going to find that your your ability to get up and just go to work and when. I mean work. I mean the work that that fills your spirit that accomplishes the goal is much easier um let's see here the energetic helper is there an alternative to increasing neuroplasticity besides coffee nicotine or chocolate yes.

I want to cleanse when increased learning acceleration while getting through this part thanks okay. Energetic helper remember this is the politically incorrect channel. So we're going to start with the most poit. Ally incorrect neurotransmitter booster.

I can think of 20 minutes of. Hardcore non-stop machine gun orgasms. I guarantee you will make you highly neuroblastic okay. Laughter hugs for about 20 minutes will do it um.

Electro transdermal electromagnetic or electrical stimulation to various parts of your brain is a powerful way to accelerate neuroplasticity okay. Um foods high in. Gaba will allow you to become more neuroplastic it's a good place to start my favorite is the orgasms. But this is a family channel no.

It isn't um. So hopefully that you get that point there okay. Okay. Um.

I got a question how do you recommend reframing someone's values do you reframe you reframe the values they give you or do you use the words they give you in your reframe to change it you are not going to reframe somebody's value what you can reframe is their template or the checklist they use to satisfy that value. So the more you know about how they satisfy the value the more powerful powerfully you can change that checklist. So it says kindergarten is still very effective amen sister when. I say kindergarten by the way it's kindergarten for.

Planet. David people it's like. Mondo supro. PhD level magic wizard stuff for most people outside of.

Planet. David and. I know that sounds really arrogant. But.

I. I get in front of a lot of people and. I've seen what they're doing um yeah. I'm very proud of what we do here.

I'm very proud of you guys as a family uh and what you have done with the work because to me that's what matters it's not that it's not that that. I can do it it's that you can do it that's when you know a system is is you've truly um done something powerful and you you've changed the world is when when you have this thing and you you share it with people and they take it and they just. TR they go and they start transforming and it's this. Ripple.

Rippling domino. Effect right. Shows that. I'm not delusional and.

I'm not special it's something we can all do we all have this magic inside of us that's just waiting to be. Unleashed to be expressed and. So when. I can when.

I get something and. I can share it and. I can see the changes and the lights come on that's that's the most amazing part there's a lot of people out there there's a lot of systems out there that are not delivering the promises that they make and we have to we have to apply discernment to everything my stuff is no. Different right.

I don't expect you to take anything. I say at face value even though. I'm a face reader right. I want you to test it and.

I apply that same that same standard to everything. I encounter and if it doesn't pass the test. I don't use it and. I don't teach it right.

Everything works for somebody nothing works for everybody okay. Um brick. T says. David give us an update on what exciting stuff you experienced or new stuff you come across in research oh no.

No. No. The stuff. I've come across the past 48 hours is exciting and terrifying to me um because even if half of it's true.

I don't know that. I want that [ __ ] out there and. I'm and. I'm shocked that certain people put it in their books.

So. I'm going to be very careful in the karma. I reap and who. I teach that stuff to.

I will teach it. But. I got to know you right. So like.

I said. I'm. I'm the guy that holds nothing back. But you gota you this the students have to level up they have to self- select to be the people that get taught.

I'll set the criteria for the access to the information. But you guys are the ones that that have to decide if you deserve it or not not me okay. And that means becoming the person who deserves to have it in whatever way that is. I had to do the same thing it's the lessons and the the the barriers to entry were no.

Different for me than they are for you except. I make it easier which. I'm probably gonna pay for at some point. But um let's see here.

I got a question how do you recommend okay. I did that one uh initiation hermetics. I'm curious for. Magic.

Frame is it normal to write safety lessons a lot longer than yes. A lot longer than you. SL yes. In fact it's actually quite common uh especially if you're someone who's very metallic or very detail oriented a lot of times you think it's going to be one or two things and all of a sudden you're writing a chapter for more in peace it doesn't matter how long you got to write you just keep going right.

But yes. It's it's not uncommon at all it's also not uncommon to have deep physical um and emotional purgings while you're doing the. Magic. Frame it doesn't seem like it would it would be a technique that would cause those kinds of responses.

But it it it's actually quite common. So if you start doing that just keep writing that's the secret the worst thing you can do when you're doing a magic frame and the body starts to abreact and. Purge and purify is to stop you keep that finger moving you keep writing until everything is on that screen and everything else has been let go that's the secret right. For those of you who are are therapists or coaches and are using the.

Magic. Frame the worst thing you can do for your client if they start having physical responses like that is to let them stop now. I'm not the person in the room with you. I'm not.

I don't control your liability insurance. I don't control your malpractice or anything like that. So the the the decision to stop or not stop is entirely on you therapeutically what. I've seen is that keeping them writing is the fastest way to get it out and they're always they've always been in with every client.

I've done it with they've always been better off afterwards right. So. So put that out there. Jeff.

Smith says it's worth more than the money okay. Thanks for the answers laughing already cheers good before my intro to hypnosis. I thought. Mantra chanting that.

I was practicing was working and that the manal has meaning. So technically a suggestion and. Then. I was repeating attaining trans and it work okay.

I don't know if there's a question there. But thermonuke. But if there is please re ask it alesandro says. David.

I have a lot of difficult decisions. I have to make in the coming months one of them being if. I should leave the country for school how do. I know if.

I'm making the right. Decision what do you want in other words what's the goal what's the goal right. If. I want to be a certain kind of person with a certain kind of profession and have a certain kind of life and in order to have that.

I have to have this level of training and schooling. But to do that. I have to leave every give up everything or a good chunk of the things. I've gotten accustomed to which is more important to you staying the same or becoming that person or to be more precisely what's more important to you staying the same and not having it or risking everything and getting it there's only one person who can answer that question and that's you.

But it's a very simple one which is more important keeping what you have or becoming something different right. It's a simple question. But it's not easy. But a lot of times the the the choices we make in life really do come down to that do.

I want to hold on to everything and give that up or do. I risk this and risk meaning. I could lose it. I might not and go for that and getting that is a risk as.

I could get it and find out it's not what. I want right. I'm going to suggest that regardless of what decision you make the worst decision you could make is the one that keeps you the same. I'm just putting that out there okay.

Um what's my process for making difficult decisions what's it going to get me what's it going to you know what's what am. I when am. I gonna have to give up to get it what can. I do with what.

I get that's pretty much my decision-making process right. Am. I willing to pay sacrifice or give up what's de what's required for me to have that and if and if. I do that what is it going to do for me me what can.

I do with that information what can. I who will. I be as a byproduct of that that decision right. Again the worst decision we can make is the one that keeps us the same that's my opinion you're and like you know as one of my more colorful mentors used to say opinions are like [ __ ] everybody's got one and most of them stink.

So. Anyway moving on um hold on a. Second see here lots of questions today. I done past reget past life regression multiple times um as a b as a part of regular therapy and.

I use the four. Magic. Bullets induction and. Then usually um aect.

Bridge theader of the. Mind what about meditation you can't be playful of course you can can you be play what about meditation you can't be playful there can you of course you can in fact it's the best place to be playful also. I mean r. Steiner who meditated on trust me.

I. I guarantee you when he went into his meditations he was not feeling sad he was not feeling serious he was not feeling angry he was in a relaxed joyful grateful receptive. State he was not trying to make anything happen. Okay.

The energetic. H thanks for the anwers. Laughing already cheers ke is asking will. I ever come to.

Australia not anytime soon. I was just there. Last. May um.

But. I will be back at some point because. I have people there that are waiting for me to come back and teach. David is talking about the phos for stone where even death brought to life and forbidden human hybrids from okay.

Yeah got nothing for that um. Teresa there's multiple timelines at. Alexandre whatever you choose you will reach the point you need to be on the on the okay. Put it in the frame.

Jeff says. I wonder if scary movies will cause neuroplasticity. I do not know. I would.

I would wager that they will cause a type of neuroplasticity. But not necessarily the kind that you want [Music] um. So live the seven that clarify from my previous question sometimes when. I talk to someone.

I feel sensitive to negativity afterwards and. I'm not sure what to do about it more dredging. So the question. I would have to ask.

S is what's the nature of the conversations that you're having that cause you to have that sensitivity ether. Arch says uh how can. I become. David be as creative and productive as you.

I'm still trying to figure that out. I still figure out how. I do it. I don't consider myself all that creative honestly um.

I look. At all the free time. I have and think. I'm the the laziest slug on the planet others would argue with me.

But um. I'm always trying to find more ways to get more done than. I'm currently doing. But uh thank you for that you know probably uh the secret is have fun it it really is you know if you're focusing on becoming absolutely fascinated and passionate and be it it you always find time for the things you love and if you're not finding time for the things you love you've got a priority.

Problem right. And and and that's just how. I look. At it.

I've always. I've always guided. I've always there's there's probably a lot of little davidism that. I used to run my life.

But there's some big ones that just pop up in this context the. First one is focus focus on what you're passionate about and go deep uh take care of the things that take care of you. So your job your your car um your your insurance policies you know the the bills things like that take care of the things that take care of you right. And.

Then focus on the things you're passionate about and find ways to monetize it right. That's that's the how. I live my life and trust trust that inner knowing that tells you direction is right. Even when everybody else says no.

Trust that no. Matter what decision you make you you'll wind up where you're supposed to be to learn what you're supposed to learn someone needed to hear that. I have no. Idea who who little on me.

Australia says. I like opinion. Australia's like opinions trust me. I live there it's okay.

To keep my dreams and goals above the expectations and dreams that my family has for me 100% the end of the day it's not your family's life it's not their dreams and goals it's yours that matter right. One of the byproducts of becoming increasingly spiritual is you'll tend to become increasingly more antisocial and what. I mean by that is it doesn't mean you're. G to become an [ __ ] what it means is as you become more and more certain and as you become reminded over and over and over again of who you truly are where you come from and why you're here the rules and the the belief systems and the demands and the expectations that.

Society education religion have imposed on you that your peer groups have imposed on you will become less and less and less powerful and important to you and you'll find yourself shifting those groups those peer groups especially to match who you truly are and what you want to become and that's that's one of the things that once again is is a universal as you become more fully on your golden path your. M your destiny your spiritual. Mission you become you get on the fast track to becoming the best version of you that you came here to be not that your family wants you to be or the church wants you to be or the government wants you to be or your educational system or your men's or boys clubs want you to be. But that you want you to be and the more solid and firm you are that your path is uniquely for you and as you.

Embrace that you bring more of your light into the world and by proxy you elevate everybody else that's been my teach that's been my experience those are the teachings. I've been exposed to and. I've seen it to be true more and more and more all right. Uh we got time for a few more questions let me see what.

I've got here. I'm going to work from the bottom up really quick uh. Anthony is asking if you're able to do readings oh wait a minute it just jumped able to do readings and describe strangers perfectly would that have a similar effect on them as matching their criterian values no. Um and the reason.

I say that is reading somebody and describing them perfectly will throw them into a massive trance it will create massive compliance. But it doesn't necessarily emotionally. Bond them to the actions you want them to take what it does do is make any values elicitation and bonding that you do hyper effective like you needed it when you do emotional bonding. But that's a good question.

I sometimes. I think. I'm picking up their energy. So what you want to do is you want to start de developing better psychic shields uh cleaning up your own stuff and learning how to seal your energy field which all of those things were going to be actually teaching and unleashing the magic within in.

July. So for those of you who want to go deep dive into stuff about psychic self-defense and attack because we're going to be teaching both sides of that um sign up for unleashing the magic this is one of the reasons why. I'm not sure. I'm ever going to teach it again uh because.

I'm actually going to be teaching psychic defense self-defense and psychic attack because if you don't know how to launch a psychic attack you don't understand how to defend against it. So the way we test our defenses is by attacking them and. So that's what we're going to be doing right. So if you're if you're ready for some hardcore um magic.

Meats hypnosis wrapped in a big blanket of. NLP um jump into unleashing the magic within coming up in. July um ke is asking do. I believe addiction is disease or simply an entrenched bad habit what's the difference what's the difference are you familiar with.

Marco pere's mesmerism. Technique. No. I'm not familiar with.

Marco pere's mesmerism technique oh you said. Dr perade. H uh yes. I am and have you ever tried it.

I've done it i'. I've got stuff that. I'm teaching and unleashing the magic that there's stuff that. Marco is not teaching you to the general public because he's a he's a hermeticist behind closed doors anything interesting.

I got from gerth. I've actually never read his books a lot of my teachers have. But. I haven't uh lak.

Ora thank you. So much. David worlds words create worlds. I'm curious how would you help someone with.

Suicidal. Thoughts call 911 if you're not trained uh to deal with people who are potentially suicidal you shouldn't be you should be turning those things over to people who are in fact qualified to do that work. I know that sounds like an ask whole thing to say. But it's the safest thing.

I can tell you right. You know when you're a medical practitioner one of the things that they spend quite a bit of time is when somebody starts talking about self harm and things like that there's certain questions that you ask that let you know is this person actually in danger potentially in danger of of doing it right. Um and that's training right. Oh if somebody talk about committing suicide or things like that always take it seriously even if they're not um and refer them to somebody who's trained to do that work right.

Get yourself out of that out of that chain of events or. Communications as quickly as possible um sometimes uh word world says sometimes. I feel. I'll never hear from certain childhood experiences that's.

CU you're not ready to let them go yet or you haven't found the person that you're willing to trust enough to guide you through that process. But trust me there's nothing inside of us let me let me let me re rephrase this everything that you think you'll never heal from this is not just for uh words this for all of you everything you think you'll never heal from you've already beaten okay. Because the thing that you're not healing from was something that was trying to kill you at least that's how your nervous system interpreted it the very fact that you're walking the planet. Earth able to remember that feeling that you think you'll never heal from means you beat whatever it is what you already you already succeeded in overcoming the thing that attacked you all that's left now is the memory of it that's all that's left.

So when do you want to let go of the memory when do you want to stop being your own victim sounds like a hard a hard thing to say. But it's functionally true there's nothing inside of us that we can't heal from and there's nothing inside of us any memory. Anyway or anything that's memory based that we have already beaten the rest is just clean okay. David please tell me any technique of money magnet.

Mastery. AMA. Platinum level um reference my earlier comment on providing value because to me that's the secret that's the secret formula for making money providing a certain a huge value demanding a certain level of value in return getting in front of as many different people to make that offer as possible just keep going money will come to you and over fist if you can do that everything else is just mechanics okay. Let's see here.

Jeff says. I play chess every day what's this doing to my brain. I have no. Idea.

But hopefully it's it's building in new strategic cortical connections that allow you to win more games cigar says. I want to know that if. I teach powerful seduction techniques to others and they misuse it to hurt others will. I get the.

Bad. Karma for that quite possibly yes. Quite possibly if you teach technique to people that you know are going to misuse it now. I let be very clear that you know are going to misuse it.

Then you're responsible for that. Karma if you teach a technique that has potentially negative applications to somebody you vet those people. First you have a reasonable level of confidence that they will not misuse it you make them promise not to misuse it you let your. God you let your spiritual higher-ups know that this person has been taught he's made a promise not to misuse it watch him or her now if they misuse it chances are they're going to re they sell right.

But if you put stuff out there um this is one of the reasons why that there's certain things. I won't teach you guys right. Um at least until. I know you if you're one of my megas or my platinums.

Then you're herec you're not here because of the money you're here because. I actually think you're a person of. High character and quality that and that the same rules apply right. I'm not a persuasion.

I demand that you use all of my techniques and tools in strict accordance with your own sense of personal ethics and you're responsible for what you do with it okay. Karma is a thing and you can do anything you want as long as you're willing to pay the freight which is what karma really is it's just cause and effect karma is not. Crime and. Punishment karma is cause and effect.

So depending on which school of thought or spiritual spiritual. College you. Embrace that that law of karma may be more restrict or less strict. But at the end of the day why would you teach a dangerous technique to somebody who's potentially going to go out and hurt people right.

That's the reason why a lot of this was. Kept. Secret in the. First place right.

That's part one of the reasons okay. So again we're the good. Jedi we understand how to do all these other things. So we can protect ourselves and other people from them.

But at the end of the day we don't need to use these negative things or potentially negative things because we got all the all the positive ways to get the same to get better results. So at the end of the day right. You're responsible for what you do here and to some degree you're responsible for what other people do with what you do what you teach them. But a lot of that karma is based on the rules that you set up in the transmission of that information right.

If you know that somebody's got two-thirds of a dark. Triad set of personality traits and you teach them how to overshadow a person and make them become your sex slave and they they start you know energetically vampiring the life. Essence out of people because they can do that now well that's on you right. There's going to be some there's going to be some uh balancing that needs to happen.

I'm using an extreme metaphysical example. But there are people in my in my in my class who came to. Planet. David because somebody from my channel used a technique on their wife or their their husband and broke the relationship you know um there's only there's only.

So much. I can control right. That's and that's kind of the. The.

Catch 22 of karma. I. I taught this the other day um to my uh to my coaching clients and please please uh take this explanation about karma not as. David giving you a pass to do whatever you want or that.

Karma doesn't matter. But understand that. Karma isn't good versus bad like everybody thinks it is okay. So the example.

I gave my students was let's say that you're an. ER doctor right. And the police bring in this guy who's got multiple gunshot wounds and your job is to save that person's life and as you're operating and you're pulling out the bullets and you're putting this person's life back together you you find out that the person on your table is a serial killer who just murdered 37 people right. You do your job you do the right.

Thing right. You may have mixed feelings about it now right. But your job the right. Thing to do the oath you've made is to save this person's life because that's what's important that's what matters that's the right.

Thing to do they wheel him to his room three days. Later he escapes kills 37 more people who gets the karma some schools of thought would say you do some schools of thought would say you don't some schools of thought would say you didn't do anything wrong the answer is yes. And here's here's the long and short and this is something. I you know and.

I. I'll happily argue this with anybody. But it's no. Point in arguing it every negative thing that you do will have negative implications the further down the line you go it will also have positive implications.

So for every negative thing that happens positive things will happen as a result of it for every positive thing you do somewhere down the line there's going to be a negative consequence it's inevitable how does that how does how do we balance that well it's balanced if you think about it the. SEC the basic rule is this if you're not willing to pay for what you've done don't do it positive or negative if you're not willing to pay the price for doing what you're doing either immediately or in the long term this life or. Next don't do it that's the law that's really functionally how it plays out this is one of the reasons and again. I kind of letting the cat out of the bag here.

But this is one of the reasons why all the mystery schools and all these religious based systems spend. So much time time teaching you a code of conduct teaching you a set of morals and rules to live by because the deeper you go into the spiritual metaphysical mystical practices the less rules there are the more things you can actually do and when you if you ever get to the point where you you you tap into your power and you don't have that that code of contuct as your. Rudder you could become a. Force for chaos and just wreak havoc on yourself and the world okay.

That's that's really the reason behind a lot of the moral and ethical teachings that that we've been given in the off chance that we become part of the mystery school and we get access to these skills and these abilities and stuff like that that we don't become a curse on the world because we can be right. Um one of my teachers taught me that the training of a a dark wizard dark. Mystic is exactly the same as a good one or or someone who practices white they're exactly the same the difference is int okay. So hopefully that that karmic button that that karmic questions come up quite a bit um the bottom line is you can do anything you want as long as you're willing to pay the freight quote the old.

Brea song by. Sammy. Davis. Jr used to saying don't do the crime if you can't do the time.

Alex. Mueller says. I like you. David you tell the truth.

Maran why am. I. I. So sensitive to negative energy and tonality that's a great question you'd have to ask.

God. I don't know all right. So. I think.

So. Jeff isi is asking me my mom tried to choke me to death when. I was around six or seven can you tell me what this has done to me absolutely not. Jeff there's only two agencies in the universe that know the answer to that question that's.

God and your conscious mind how. I want to know how flirting can be used for profit. I use it all the time to get past. Gatekeepers anytime you make somebody who is a gatekeeper like you or who's in charge of customer service make them like you they will move.

Heaven and. Earth to make sure you get the best service humanly possible. I use it all the time little old me says money won't make you happy no. But it lets you shop in better places and that can make you happy um.

Alina says the best thing in my humble opinion is that you explain the process really well with facts because our brain likes to tick the. Box yes. It does all right. Uh ether.

Arch says what is a good method of ensuring the things you teach are used for good um make people promise to use them for good make sure that you're connected to a spiritual lineage that will oversee and protect the information that you're sharing um and let the people that you're training know that this is what you what your expectations are and that misuse of that that information will be preceded by publicly announcing everything they've done to the entire community and excommunication from the group and whatever spiritual penalties there are for that will be leveled by the. Guardians right. Uh one of the things that that is very common in these. Advanced mystical communities is when somebody actively misuses the information the.

First. First thing that the the head people do is they stand up in front of the entire the entire community and let people know what this person has been doing and. Then kick them out right. And this is something it sounds like something a cult would do when it is.

But if you're dealing with people like narcissists dark. Triads macki ellant the thing that bothers them the most is when the things they've been up to become public the fastest way to get them to beat feet or back down is to make the things that they're doing public knowledge right. Shadows can't exist in the light of day right. So there's good and bad points to that.

But again set the rules make sure people live by the rules and enforce the rules when people break them it's it's really that what it comes down to anron says hey. Doc you still offering the 100 you're talking about the mega program yes. We are. Anon we're still offering it.

But we're vetting people much more closely now. So if we think if you you know if you if you petition to get in the program. But we don't think it's a good fit for you we're not going to let you in and not and. I'm using the the editorial you not you specifically.

But um. I've had people like literally popper themselves to try and get in the program and uh we're not going to have that on us. So you have to be in a to do that level of interaction with me you got to be pretty committed and have a pretty a pretty you have to be pretty resourced to do that there's lots of other ways to to get there besides the mega program. But that's where a lot of the the really serious people end up blute as a guy how to be respected in a relationship or at least not get walked over by men it's very simple know your values know your boundaries and call people on it when they cross your boundaries it's it's really simple call people on their [ __ ] right.

Um see here live the. I'm curious how you figure out what to give away for free as a result of that well a lot of it is is. I teach a everything here's the thing you got to understand and. I.

I shouldn't even say this. But everything. I teach you. I teach you in the context of helping people and of making people's lives better and how to get everything you want in the easiest ethical and most honest way possible you need to understand something that everything.

I teach you in the wrong hands has the capacity for tremendous harm now. I don't teach people that because. I'm not going to make it easy. But anything that's real anything that's truly powerful is a sword that has two edges and you are the person wielding that sword.

So you get to decide which side of that that yinyang polarity are you on right. At any given moment because it changes um is karma just cause and effect ultimately yes. Some people like to make it a lot more complicated um. But it's not all that much more complicated if you really if you really stop and think about things like the butterfly effect and you start to see that you're just creating ripples right.

This is actually one of the reasons and again. I just came to me the other day this is actually the reason why it's like why people go quiet and and commune with. God about what the right. Thing to do is because only that only that higher power sees the big picture and knows all the quantum connections and.

So when you stop and you go quiet and you you ask the. Divine what's the right. Thing to do and you get that download and you take that information there's going to be positive and negative karmic repercussions from that you're going to send out waves. But my belief and it's purely my belief that when you get that divine inspiration what you've done is taken the optimal path for growth of all the different paths you could have taken and all the different.

Ripple effects and patterns that you could have triggered by the decisions that you make the one you got from source is the optimal one does that make sense that's how. I look. At it. So when.

I'm wondering what the right. Thing to do is. I'll go quiet. I'll just ask.

God what's the right. Thing to do here and. I'll just wait and. I'll know in my heart there's a feeling that.

I get and. I'll take that action and sometimes it mean putting up a lot of money for something upfront or or incurring a cost. I could have easily walked away from. But it was the right.

Thing to do and even though. I don't see how what. I'm about to endure could possibly have positive you know come out at the end when. I get on the other side of it miracles happen things come out of nowhere right.

Now. I don't go in expecting that. I just. I just do the right.

Thing because that's what. I'm supposed to do. But that's what. I think real the real idea about going inside and connecting is how we navigate that cause and effect.

SE or mechanism that's always in place okay. Let's see here live the 7 says than you. David. I'm feeling called to dive more deeply into your work well great we're here little me says drama queens.

L says what are the thoughts on the book. Reality trans surfing honestly. I own two copies of it. I haven't read it yet.

So. I'll get to it eventually. I like that they start they start off by talking about egregor uh. Johnny throw off says.

I heard that you say marijuana is a memory retardant. I quit that night after 18 years well done. Bravo and that. I've said that a long.

I said that a few years back since. Then. I've learned even more terrifying things about that particular drug that. I will not go near that with a 10- foot pole there are other things.

I would take before. I would take marijuana it's just not a it's just not good for you it's bad. Len says. David watching you teach from the heart and your never-ending compassion for helping people earns my respect you call me a fanboy oh boy.

Li lonus is clapping mty says do you believe in the devil absolutely uh with clear thinking choices are easy hope everyone is feeling good tonight. Elena says you talk about. Shadows and. Light and according to matius.

Deano. The guy that remembers his previous light they are both connected in the sense that you won't be able to see the dark that's true because we live in. Duality psychedelics have helped my memory up. David.

I want to know any occult techniques for any enemy removal when the enemies become. So much oppressive that you are in stress and panic even while in your house okay. Um 1 through 10 pulling down the heavens three. Divine invocations start there um after that you can do rings of light you can do the anlan.

Anil. Lin talismans you can use um purifying the way. Talisman you can there there's. So many ways to do stuff right.

What do you have access to you you ask me about books all the time. Sagar um. I know you have a ton of books in your library that have all all kinds of techniques right. The question is have you done the cultivation to make it functional right.

How does the. Devil exist what's my well you'd have to ask. God because. I didn't create the universe and.

I didn't create the devil. So um. Keo what's your view on depolarization. I don't know what you mean by depolarization.

Robin what could be the best right. Of passage for men during these modern times um. I guess. I think that really depends on what part of the country you're living in and what level of push back you're willing to tolerate.

I think for men you're never going to go wrong looking at. Prim positive masculine traits classic. Primal positive masculine traits and the reason. I say that has nothing to do with culture directly.

But has everything to do with what a nervous system is primed to respond to most powerfully and consistently and. I think you need to take those core traits and you need to filter them through the forms that. Society deems acceptable. But if.

I had if if. I were to te if. I were going to take a group of young men and and put them through a write of. Passage.

I would put them through a series of experiences that teach them to trust each other to express their feelings in a positive way to realize it's okay. To be afraid and do the thing any way um to be protectors um to stand up for what they believe is right. No. Matter what around them is saying it and.

I would actually probably have people have them actually take a position that maybe they they don't believe in. But we're going to pretend that they do and have people attack them. I would put them through things that are going to reflect the kinds of situations and circumstances that they're going to encounter in a society where people may not agree with you and try to vilify you for being true to your beliefs uh. I would teach them the difference between a moral and a value and uh things of that nature.

So right. Of passage you know slaying. Macedon is kind of fallen out of. Vogue.

But. I don't think that would suck either you know. I would definitely teach them how to fight. But.

I would also teach them how not to fight right. And and. I probably you know how to respect all people you know that's just my moral my moral teachings right. I'm not a viking.

So um. Anyway. I hope that helps and. I've never been asked that question before.

So. I had to really think about that. Johnny throw off says. David will you ever teach an acupuncture class no.

At least not directly. I will teach. Chinese medicine and. I will teach.

I will teach energetic medicine for sure um. But the acupuncture part unless you're already an acupuncturist. I can't teach that to you. I can teach everything else.

But. I can't do the acupuncture work because you gotta be licensed fact. I'm thinking in the future of actually offering ceu classes for face reading energetic medicine. Chong.

Shen. Shen. Gong and things of that nature. Kathleen.

M hi. David hi back uh can you recommend in. Australia to study. NLP or hypnosis um yes.

If um. I will post it in the comments his name is. Saul. I can't remember his.

Last name uh. Saul's. Saul was one of my. Stu my hypnosis students uh he worked.

NLP with me. But he also spent a lot of time with the. Society of. NLP and he certifies to them.

So he's he's out in uh you know what let me just look. It up real quick. I only got a con a couple more questions and. I got a jet.

So see if. I can find this. Saul. Kent.

Ross is the guy's name um if you can find his uh if you can find his contact information um. I would recommend him if you're in. Australia. Elena says do you agree that anything mind disease cancer yes.

I believe it absolutely. I believe more things can be cured than can't um how can we challenge. W people in a productive way here's my question challenge them in what way why do you want to challenge them what's the point of challenging them. Emanuel.

Lane says thanks that helped ke says good question have you ever had to work with alcoholics in sobriety that were trying to have better relationships that have already that have only dated when using. I don't think. I have. I've.

I've worked with alcoholics. But not in that context. Robin says what is the best martial art to learn as a small guy. Wing.

Chun. Wing. Chun in. Filipino.

Martial arts uh. David. I'm curious did you ever come to a college in. New.

Jersey called rapo. College in. Mawa there was a hypnos no. That wasn't me loot how do.

I call people on their [ __ ]. I tend to criticize and it leads to bad outcomes okay. This is the. Last question.

I'm gonna have time to answer here's the question why is it necessary to call people on their [ __ ] when you when you're faced with somebody with somebody's presenting something that you don't believe and you want to challenge them ask yourself why human beings have a natural desire to correct correct to correct the record. But is it necessary is it necessary three three rules is it necessary is it true is it kind if it violates any of those three rules don't say it it's that simple. I let a i people talk to me all the time about stuff that. I know they're that is completely bogus and full of [ __ ].

But they believe it and it's and it's the it's it forms the foundation of their life and how they live and they're happy with it. So. I just nod and smile and. I acknowledge their their right.

To believe it and here's and you're already discovering this this is the important thing as you go through the different trainings and and things that we teach in. Planet. David where. However that is for you whether you spend five years at the free content level you you jump in at the mega level you are constantly going to be going through.

Transformations and what you thought was true okay. What you thought the truths you held as your sacred cows and a month ago will be very different a month. Later okay. Nobody will ever thank you for kicking over their.

Idols no. One will ever thank you for decimating their belief system okay. So don't do it unless there's an absolute need for it don't do it give people the freedom to believe and act the way they want to believe and act judge any value system that you're presented with based on the results it produces not on whether it's true or not true and true and not true is just [ __ ] the deeper you get into this the more you realize that there's there's very little capital. T true and very little capital.

F false okay. So when you encounter a belief system that's different from yours it the person being effective at getting the things they want in their life based on the value system they have if it is leave it alone same thing with you if you have a belief system that's giving you the life you want the way you want it that's moving you forward and makes you feel whole and your best version of yourself keep it doesn't matter if it's true what matters is that it gives you the life you want help people find that if a person is obviously working from a belief system that isn't helping them ask them questions that might lead them to change their perspective on something themselves not from you right. This is where. Renegade reframing and stuff like that that we taught that's actually one of the the really powerful things about that course is it's by asking questions and asking and stating possibilities that people have spontaneous shifts in their belief system that change change the quality of their lives.

But the moment you go around attacking other people because you can because you want to be right. Because you you want to you want to occupy the moral. High. Ground that's ego that's ego right.

Be effective don't try to be right. Be effective all right. Guys thanks. So much.

I've. I've got clicked off two or three calls. Kevin truth should always be more important it should be it should be. But it isn't and that's the difference between operating from a map about the way the world should be versus dealing with the world the way it is as you start peeling back the layers those two things start to morph all right.

Love you guys remember join us on the webinar tomorrow 3M. Pacific. I may or may not be giving away some. VIP tickets for unleashing the magic if you guys grab our webinar offer.
