Title: Super Surprise Mystery AMA With Dr. David
File Name: wFiMiYUsXj4.txt
Video Id: wFiMiYUsXj4
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wFiMiYUsXj4

[Music] hello hello hello everyone. Dr. David checking in here um just got my some of my technical issues you may have saw me on a little earlier. I was trying to get uh get a quick uh live stream in before it got too uh too crazy.

But. I just wanted to just check in and see how everybody's doing uh let me see for some reason my chat's not showing up. So where might you be hold on a. Second let me just uh dive in and find uh find my chat machine here.

So. I can see what you all are saying to me um for. SL. Studio usually the chat just shows up right.

Under the uh right. Under the window. But for some reason it's not showing up some. I think the.

YouTube gods are kind of playing with us today huh all right. Go ahead and pop out this chat really quick here and close that window all right. So how's everybody doing what's going on in your world uh what do you guys want to know about what do you guys got questions about you all check out our webinar uh on uh was it. Monday or.

Tuesday. I can't remember there's. Frank and. Sarah we see scooting in on through hey.

Cynthia all right. Like my shiny shirt yay. So talk to me what's going on in your world what do you guys want to know about. I don't.

I'm not sure how long. I'm going to be on. But uh getting ready for a 10day energy training mysticism. DS.

Chinese medical chiong marathon and uh. So. I'm going to be in and out for about 10 days if. I'm glowing or levitating when.

I get back you'll know something strange happened um. So who's checking in can everyone hear me. So. Jacob is saying hey.

Dr. David. I'd love to hear some of your musings on kinesthetic. Rapport and quantum entanglement um.

I think there's a there. I think there's a close. I think there's a correlation. I don't.

I think repair repor as we understand it is a a step down form of quantum entanglement. I really believe that uh the more we look. At entrainment uh and it's phenomena that the more entanglement seems to make a kind of sense certainly. Dr.

Bankston in his work with image cycling and uh energy healing came across this idea of entanglement as well. So. I think there's definitely something to it um. AP says yo.

Sarah says yes. AP says yeah we can good okay. Frank strange question is there some way that. I can use energy spinning to get better at chess actually probably.

Frank what. I've one of the things that really makes our. Technologies work it's not something that we talk a lot about to the general public um. But if you listen really closely on every now and.

Then when we do a reprogramed subconscious mind webinar you'll hear us talk about uh body centered energy. Psychotherapy and one of the the big uh principles that we teach in that module and you when you come identity by. Design you'll you'll learn about it is something called the sematic search engine and basically what that means is is that when you ask the body which is basically the brain stem and the spinal cord when you ask the body for certain types of information uh it will give you that information. But it will only give you that exactly what you ask for even though there might be other types of vibrational data that has access to it's kind of like it's it's it's like this this big room and you poke a little hole in and all you can see is what's directly there which is usually what you ask for.

So think of it like. Spotlight. Vision. But when in reality there's all kinds of information in there now the other aspect of the catic search engine is that it will only give you um what you ask for.

But the answer to the problem is always in the way you ask the question. So if you ask the right. Questions the system will give you an answer that will lead you to a solution usually the solution has to be that the type of solution you're going for has to be in the structure of the question. So to your question can.

I use energy spinning to get better at chess the answer is a definite maybe if you ask the right. Questions and. I don't always especially where things like chess are concerned uh there may be a bunch of different questions that you need to ask that could be influenced through spinning right. Uh.

So. So there's a whole there's there's a whole thought process to this. But if you could get if you could um again. I can't give you that thought process over an intercon connection and especially not knowing a lot about.

Chess and your particular relationship to the game and things like that that would would inform the questions. I would ask your nervous system to answer um. But the short the short answer is almost definitely you can use it to improve your game okay. Hopefully that makes sense um.

Harold. Smith says yes. Breath. Church says can you talk about your use of breath in your work.

I can. But. I need a. I.

I need a more specific question here's the deal guys one of the things. I. I love. I love these amas.

I really do even though. I don't do them nearly as often as. I probably should um one of the things that people both love and hate about our channel is that. I always take questions um.

But one of the things about about questions is the better the question the better the answer. So when someone says can we talk about your use of breath in my work that's a really vague very non-specific question. So if you can give me a better question. Then.

I can usually give you a better answer uh. So. I'm not trying to be flippant or or snotty or or arrogant or anything like that it's just the better the question the better the answer um. AP ways to increase magnetism and presence how to make your body body people feel your presence when you step in a crowd imagination and posture and breathing um one of the things that we spend a lot of time on uh day one of killer influence day one of.

CPI uh to some degree uh in identity by. Design is this ability to generate this massive. Charisma field around your body and it's done through breath work it's done through uh imagination posture um and and all those things working together and when you work with that you get a very functional charismatic aura that you emanate if you start doing energetic training and spiritual training. Then what will happen is when you when you activate that energetic.

Aura it will now be significantly bigger and it will impact people at a much much higher level um. So one of the things that you'll find when we when we talk about influence in. Planet. David um you'll almost never see me you almost never see me giving exercise for building energy um directly and the reason for that is because energy is and this is something that.

I. I was reinforced to me um in my in my. DST training energy is easy to build. But hard to control.

So what. I do for people is. I give them techniques that will achieve an influence outcome and if you continue to use that particular technique you will build the kind of energy that's necessary uh to get stronger with that technique. So if.

I just if you were like for instance. I could give you like holding the ball. I could give you the. Tai ruler exercises uh levels two three and four which just boost your energy like like all.

Gang. Busters right. But you probably couldn't do anything with it unless you had other trainings whereas if. I give you a technique like sphere of influence where you're learning how to generate uh becoming aware of your own energy feeli generating a body feeling and a color and you open that up like a big hug and you wrap it around people and.

Then turn up the radiance and. Then set it and forget it that's a tech that you can take out into the world right. Now and start applying right. And the more you you play with it the more you'll be flexing those energetic.

Rapport muscles and your power with that technique will will continue to grow to the degree that you're willing to play with it it's a much safer way for people to get something powerful and something practical that will build energy as a consequence of its use rather than building all this energy and not knowing what to do with it how to regulate it how to purge it all those other things. So. I'm very very conscious conscientious um with the energy trainings. I give people especially to the general public where.

I'm not around to monitor it um like certain certain categories and populations of people are contraindicated for uh learning the stuff much less using it um. So that's my. Approach if you want more in-depth training. Then you need to develop a relationship with me through one of our more higher level uh training and and uh programs and coaching programs.

So that's kind of where. I'm at. I have. I just got some downloads in the past week that completely blew my mind and.

I think can dramatically exponentially shorten the learning curve and the amount of energy that people can translate and and body control that they can elicit. But. I have to test it. First.

So. I'm going to be testing that on me and some of my closest victims. I mean uh closest coaching students. So um let's see here.

CHX tourism quick question when someone who has pain and you were trying to take the pain out at that time when you say to pull that the shape out of they say they feel like they're taking the flesh out oh that's that's normal um especially in the intestines a lot of times when people reach in and grab it it'll it'll feel like they're pulling massive cords of of garden hose or intestines out. I've had people when. I'm doing this when. I was doing this in the clinic they be in the recliner and they'd be pulling this and they' be like almost lifting themselves out of the chair because that energy was.

So. So wrapped around their intestines that every time they pulled on it their their uh their guts would literally cramp or clench. So that's stuff's normal that just have them keep pulling the secret the body is going to go through all kinds of weird clenching and gripping and twitching and um it can get kind of gross actually uh with some of these people um. But it has to come out.

So just you keep pulling until it's out and. Then you spin it you burn it you dissolve it whatever your whatever process you're going to use. But if they start getting physical responses as as a result of taking stuff out you're doing something right. Keep going right.

And. However long it takes you stay with it um runaway train. David's teachings remind me of itsok. Bov's work stalking the wild pendulum okay.

I haven't actually read that. I've heard of the book. But. I've never actually um read it.

So. But thank you. I'll. I'll put it on my to-do list.

Frank. Richard says thanks. Riley. Jane.

Jones love that name uh hi dve. I was wondering if you could give any advice on doing polarity drills with a stranger across the room. I've been successful with someone who. I'm very close with.

But stranger is a strong. First of all you shouldn't be doing polarity drills with um strangers that's not what they're for um the polarity drills are designed to teach you how to manage and minimize and maximize your emotional states they're designed to give you a snapshot into your emotional flexibility as well as what states you do well what states you don't uh and allow you to begin to summon these things up on demand. So that you can use them strategically um the idea behind doing a polarity drill is about the idea of being able to get feedback right. To be able to actually know what's happening now if you're doing sphere of influence and you're wrapping somebody in that energy and.

Then amping up whatever state you want that's a different issue right. You're you're priming them through their propri receptive nervous system and their mirror neurons to stimulate their reticular activating system. So they see and perceive you in the world in a very very uh engineered way. But that's not where you're getting other than their behavior you're not you're not going to be asking them for feedback right.

So. I think what what's going on here. Riley is you've got a little bit of a a misunderstanding perhaps of the context in which these things are done polarity drills are things that you would work on to improve your own capabilities and. Then build those into a sphere of influence type drill or something like that out in the field to maximize your influence uh.

Matthew boy says. Hi everyone. Stephen best way to detach and unidentify from a person place or thing the main goal this is. I'm going.

So for is to remove the heavy resistance towards the person place or thing okay. So. First thing is. Magic.

Frame spin it color breath it okay. Start with always start with a transformational. Triad um and. Then if that's if if you know you should you should get significant movement from that and.

Then just cycle through the different techniques as your intuition tells you until it's minimized the other thing you can do is um you can start to work regressive type techniques and that might you might need some help for that. So. I would reach out to somebody trained in our on our protocols to help you go through that stuff. Karen kelper or kper.

I'm sorry. I can't visualize things very well at all can you tell me any tips to help with that well. First of all. Karen you're not alone most people believe they have a problem visualizing and.

So there uh we can answer your question in two ways and they're not mutually exclusive. First of all don't worry too much about your current level of of skill in visualization some people can't see pictures at all. So they. But they can hear sounds they can smell smells they can uh hear things right.

They can have tastes. I have one student who is a complete old factory you try to do anything visually with her nothing happened. But the moment you you assign a smell to it boom she's all over the place. So some people are a fantasic where they can't see internal pictures at all some most people believe that they're bad at visualizing because when they when they see something in their mind a they're doing one of two things a they're trying to see it out here which you never will unless you're in a deep level of trans and you can't tell the difference between out here and in there most people will see it something behind their eyes.

But a lot of times that visualization will be very muddy it will be very fuzzy and indistinct it won't be perfect and because it's not. Technicolor because it's not highdea we think we're doing it wrong it's not necessary for you to have highdea pictures for you to be effective at visualizations if all you see is this muddy colored. Mass. But you know what every aspect or every location in that colored.

Mass represents you've got enough to be able to use it okay. So those are some things that always tend to get people into people's way especially when that word visualize or even imagine come up. So you don't need to have super clear visualizations to be a good visualizer or to be a good manifestor the other thing is that what you can do is you can take small objects uh like one of the things that. I'll do with u with people who.

I'm training. I have very. Advanced protocols. I'll take something that's very non-reflective very plain very small and.

I'll have them stare at it for 10 minutes and just memorize everything about that and. Then. I'll have them close their eyes. And reconstruct the image as best they can for a minute or two and.

Then. I'll have them open their eyes. Compare the the image in their mind with what they actually see look. For more details have them close their eyes.

And begin adding details and just work with that until they can do that really well and there's different levels to that type of visualization right. But the idea is you start with something small simple geometric non-reflective uh and you just keep playing with it again don't get don't get yourself all stressed out um because you gota you got if you make a game out of it you'll learn it 12 times. F you'll actually the the average number of reps it takes for somebody to diligently learn something is in the tens of thousands unless you adopt a playful gamified type of an energy and. Then it takes about 12 according according to the science behind it.

So the more again. I've been saying this for years and now the science is. Finally backing me up the more playful you are with all of these skills the more rapidly you're going to acquire them right. The seriousness is the kiss of death seriously right.

Let's have fun let's be playful let's gamify everything and we will own it in this in in a fraction of the time. But take start with small things okay. Hopefully that helps uh red. V 182 said had many specific manifestations present.

But the one thing on the list that has yet to come is romance could there be a specific reason why yes. There could be more than one specific reason why do. I know what they are heck no. Um.

But there is a part of you that does know and if you ask it properly it will give you an answer okay. And that's your subconscious mind your higher mind go go in and go up as. I like to say right. Um um red violet says thanks for the.

AMA by the way you're very welcome you're very welcome. I've. I've missed you guys. I've been.

So busy and. I'm getting like. I said. I'm getting ready to do another.

Marathon. I may. I may start popping on during during that time just to de-stress from all the mystical mumbo jumbo. I'm learning uh which is by the way.

I love to death. But um it's not easy because you go through all these. Transformations and changes and you're trying to assimilate all this information and. Then merge it with what you've already learned which is kind of how.

I've been able to come up with a lot of things. I've come up with over the years. But the process isn't always it's like sipping from a fire hose. So uh let's see here chilik tourism thanks for taking the question.

David it feels unreal that a person of your stature takes up a question from someone in. Dubai at 7:06 in the morning it's like a dream come true much respect thank you. So much for tuning in at 7 amm in the morning from. Dubai this is you're it's people like you are the reason why.

I do this you know um. I'm. I'm always upfront with you guys to tell you that. I didn't.

I didn't start any of this for you. I did it because. I needed to improve my life. I needed question.

I had questions. I needed answers to and along the way uh. I not only found those answers and and. I was able to put them together in a way that worked for me.

I found. Kindred. Spirits just like you guys who have the same questions who wanted the same answers. So let's all give each other a fist bump virtual fist bump come on you can do it you can do it yeah all right.

Virtual fist buone okay. Um. Karen says excellent thanks. David um winet asks me how do your techniques on nervous system affect each chakra well.

I could get. I could get cocky say very well thank you um. Linette can you ask that question in a different way um because. I'm not sure what kind of an answer you're looking for.

So if you can give me a a slightly more precise question. I can give you a better answer uh. AP says advice on making yourself the star of your life make a decision that you're going to be the star of your life imagine right. Now that your life is like a movie right.

And you are the star. But not only are you the star you are the writer you are the director you are the producer you are the casting director and anyone you meet has a role to play in your movie and they're either willing to play the role you assign them or they aren't now the thing they remember about this and it sounds a little harsh. But it goes back to one of the principles. I've always been telling you surround yourself with people who bring value to your life if the people in your life aren't playing the role you've assigned them fire them and.

F let that and because there's people waiting for that role there's always going to be more people to fill that role. But you have to to decide if they're if they're playing the role you want you have to remember that you are the center of your. Universe regardless of what other people might want you to believe and it's not a narcissistic thing it's a it's a neurological thing you are the center of your perceptions you are the center of your universe and. So you have to and remember that you are not your story this is something.

I was reminded me today that the story that of your life is not you you're the. Observer of the story of your life. But you have the power to change the story and that means it's your movie okay. So begin now to accept the idea that you're in charge of your reality whether you're conscious of it or not doesn't mitigate the fact that you're you're creating it the fact that people installed programs and belief systems in you at times when you didn't know what the hell was going on you had little to no.

Defense that's not important what's important is that you realize it did happen and that it wasn't your fault. But it is your life. So it's your responsibility to clean that [ __ ] up right. And that's where it starts it's it's it starts with realizing that yeah [ __ ] happened to me that.

I wasn't ready for. I didn't know how to deal with. I didn't know have any choice in the matter that. I thought.

But that was. Then this is now and now. I have the ability to take that responsibility back to take that power back go and clean that [ __ ] up and that's where it starts it starts with a decision to take control to take charge of yourself. So.

I hope that helps you um let's see here uh. Jacob. Lee says advice on comforting people. I often feel like.

I don't know what to say. Beyond echoing pacing statements and such well a lot of times that's good enough you know one of the things that that you there's a in elicitation we have this uh it's not a provocative statement. But it is um one of the things that that chase my friend. Chase likes to say is oh that must be hard that must be really hard.

Then you you paraphrase their situation and you let them talk more right. You know um that that that's where. I would go sometimes just knowing somebody gets it you know. I found echoing to be extraordinarily uh effective in helping people feel heard and that by itself is significant because when people feel heard and understood they feel less alone and when they feel less alone they can get through things a lot a lot quicker um.

But yeah just just um what's the term uh. Jack. Schaefer called them um wasn't tactical empathy that's. Chris.

Voss empathic statements. So not only can you. Echo their words and and and um sprinkle that with oh that must be really must have be really hard for you to do that right. Now and you can also say it sounds like or it looks like and whatever.

You observe and even if you're wrong and they correct you they still gives them a chance to uh to express thems which is what most people want they want somebody to listen while they express you know while they while they express um. Anthony. Kusa says hey. David.

So glad you're on tonight. I need some match give my life poof you go magic mate all right. Um. So hopefully.

API answered your question making yourself the star and uh. AP is asking imagine and now one of are one of the most powerful words in the world what else is equally powerful how should. I image cycle okay. So explain to me.

AP how you're currently image cycling uh because to give you the full breakdown would take a while um. But and if you're only if you're only got a few things that are off from the way. I teach it it's it's easier to just troubleshoot that. So go ahead and do that um.

Nathaniel. Woods how do you help uncover your own blind spots and open yourself to resolving your own biases how do you permanently resolve subconscious level at the belief system level what techniques were okay. Nathaniel. I'm not sure um a the way you find your own blind spots is when you stumble over them or they're provoked.

So the more times you the more situations you find yourself uh that are provoking you or provoking emotional reactions or an inability to take an action in some way those are where your blind spots are um once you've figured out where those blind spots are now you have to go to the sematic search engine and start to unpack and attack those how do you permanently resolve subconscious level at the belief system level well. First of all you got to know where the what what level of belief it's at right. And. Then you have to decide what you want instead you have to regress the cause there there are many different ways to attack.

Haack beliefs in fact. I just taught a three-day class on how to do it in conversation. But that presupposes you know what those beliefs are and where they started. So there's always going to be a body location where the feelings connected to those beliefs are stored and that's where you start.

So start with the transformational. Triad. Then move on to regression or to reframing from there go on to uh regression if you need to it's see here um didn't mean to be says didn't mean to be. I'm curious how you use breath in extending your sphere of influence and charging your field in a kinetic environment thanks well the way.

I charge my field in a kinetic in in a kinetic environment is no. Different than when. I'm practicing on by myself primary difference being is that. I'm not going to be as obvious about it when.

I'm doing for example when. I'm uh when. I'm in my in my my. S here and.

I'm doing pulling down the. Heavens to bring in that. Divine energy. I can be very showy with it.

But if. I'm out in the real world. I've done that process. So many times.

I can literally be walking across the room and doing my pulling down the heavens one through 10 and three. Divine invocations. So by the time. I'm get there.

I'm [ __ ] filled to the brim with. Divine. Mojo right. And.

Then. I can decide in that moment uh if. I need more or what. I'm going to do.

Next. So a lot of it comes from taking the time in isolation or as part of your group practice to build this reservoir of energy. But also this connection to sources of of the energy that you're going to pull from and overlearning it to the point where you can do it with a thought and that's where most people don't go they sit there and they they practice their. Chiang for a half hour a day or whatever it is they're going to do or standing on stake or they you know taii or whatever it's it's and and and that's fine.

But. Then how how do you functionalize that right. So in the medical. Chiang we go through this process we spend hours doing these pulling down the heavens and cleansing the environment drills and things of that nature.

But when the client comes into the room we've got 30 minutes. So we have to be able to do that whole that whole process that might take five 10 minutes um in in training and do it in like 30 seconds a minute. So we can go into the session right. And that's from muscle an energetic muscle memory and of course the more you build energetics into your different applications the more it's.

GNA the minute the minute you start one the other will turn on. So if there's a lot of training that goes on behind the scenes to make this stuff multi-dimensional if that makes any kind of sense um. So. Carl is asking will there be another killer influence training.

Later this year most likely yes. Um probably um maybe end of. August traditionally when. I when.

I wasn't overwhelmed with uh. Hypno. Thought stuff. U my killer influence training a.

Second training would be around. August late. August early. September.

So look. Forward around. Then. U we've got other great we've got.

NLP. Ultra which is an enhanced version of killer influence um. But it has more evidence-based uh behavioral influence stuff that's why we call it. NLP.

Ultra because it actually has a lot of advanced. Behavior modification mind control even some you'll even learn rudiments of of how brainwashing is actually done as it applies to therapy and actually. I call. I call it the super soldier serum um because if you understand the rudiments of of of some of these things you wind up having these.

Advanced body control techniques um emotional control techniques that are literally on tap like if you've been a yogi for like 30 years and you can control your heart rate and stuff like that you learn how to do those things you'll learn the basics of that you won't learn how to do all of those processes. But you'll understand the. Continuum of influence. So.

NLP. Ultra. I'm really proud of because it's based on our award-winning worldclass killer influence skeleton and. Then we're going to take you into even more advanced persuasion and influence skills that are again.

Reliant more on behavior um as well as. Linguistics. So um. NLP.

Ultra is not a therapy class per se although all the influence technologies that we teach in it can easily be translated into a coaching or therapeutic environment. But it is mostly about understanding. Behavior profiling um uh and advanced influence through the lens of. NL through the skeleton of.

NLP and my other trainings with like. Chase and uh like. Robin. Drake and.

Jack. Schaefer and all these other people whose body. Kendrick. Le and all these other great masters of influence that.

I've studied. So uh. I'm very proud of of where that. U where that curriculum is going and the fact that it's still unbeaten nothing out there has beaten uh the killer influence system or the.

C the. CPI system that it's based on um especially in in terms of how fast you can learn it how easy it is to use how consistently people win and how fast how fast you can learn it there's just nothing out there that comes even close and. I've looked believe me. I've looked right.

So. So if you're interested in that stuff you can go to the website and and sign up won't be cheap. But it will be worth it uh let's see here. Alana balker mimicking their body language powerful comforting tool my eight-year-old nephew responded that yes.

They will mimickry is one of the most powerful and we call it mimickry from a scientific perspective uh from a planet. David perspective we call it echoing um if you're from a classical n background they might call it pacing um. But mimickry is in fact the mo one of the most powerful forms of non-verbal communication that we have and if you're not using it you're really literally playing the influence game with one hand tie behind your back. So.

AP says two separate questions how often should. I image cycle once a no. You should image cycle anytime you're bored you should image cycle anytime it feels good to do it um you should image cycle anytime as long as it's fun. But once a year.

I've. I don't even know that that would work. I've never. I've never even had.

I never even tested that it could. But if if your intuition says to do it once do it once. But. I wouldn't.

I would do it as often as it was fun to do it uh camera. AP says the. First question was imagine and now are very powerful words what other words are just as powerful in the. English language aware recognize understand notice comprehend play with those words and notice what happens.

Cameron. Keeny how do you stay. So stylish love that shirt. I spend a lot of time on.

Amazon looking for cool [ __ ] that's my secret um. I'm always. I'm always on the lookout for uh cool stuff uh unusual stuff. I'm a geek at heart.

So anything that that even remotely smacks of martial arts. U. Marvel. Comics even.

DC com any kind of comic book. U magic or mysticism any kind of cosplay stuff uh. Doctor. Who.

I'm. I'm all over it. So um and when. I find stuff like on.

Amazon. I will buy like five of them which is why like a lot of times if you come to one of my trainings you'll see me you'll think. I'm wearing the same shirts. But they're actually.

I got five five of them in my closet and. I just wear a clean one every day right. So no. Matter what.

I do my my entire wardrobe is engineered to blend no. Matter what. I pick. So if.

I'm like blind from you know this is this is hypothetic. I. I don't actually do this. But let's say.

I'm. I wake up blind stinking hung over the light is. So bad. I can't see.

I can get dressed in the dark and everything will match that's how my wardrobe is set up the less. I have to think about it the happier. I am plus there's um there's an energetics to the clothing that. I wear that actually interacts with my vibrational field um that makes what.

I do the signal. I send out to people much cleaner and clearer. I don't usually talk about that if you come to killer influence you hear me you'll hear me mention it and talk about the system. But.

I don't usually do that in public forums you're welcome um. Nathaniel says. What study speaks to learning playfully faster um. I could find the report.

But it would take me probably 20 minutes to find it um. But if people are interested. I'll. I'll.

I'll go look. For it and send up a link for it um my my my my my student. Seth found it for me um. Luke.

Sheffer say. I work with. Marshall silver would you want to do a live event with him. I don't know.

I've. I'd have to think about that give give my office a call and uh we'll see what's up with that uh oh my computer just myter my computer started to glitch uh thanks for the offer though. Luke appreciate it uh. Aspen selton.

I've decided that one thing. I will manifest in my life is that. I will meet you in person. I'm in.

Washington. DC area will you ever hold a course close by. Aspen where were you in 2019 and 2020. I actually did events in.

Washington. DC it was in the middle of. Co you probably were hiding somewhere uh with a mask on. But.

I was there um. I don't know that. I don't know if and when we will ever get back to the. DC.

I was just there as a matter. I was in. I was in. Virginia actually.

I was in noral for five days of advanced um amplifi or enhanced hypnotic influence training is the best way. I can say it uh spelled mind control. But. Anyway um.

So. I don't know when. I'm. I.

I'll probably get back to to attend the training. But. I don't know when. I will be doing another training in that area because the person that was hosting me.

Last. First two times moved to. Florida which is a much better location unfortunately for you guys uh. But thank you for asking and if.

So and. But by the way how many of you by a show of hands in the chat or or how many of you are actually on our email list how many of you are actually receive our newsletter if you don't if you don't get our newsletter we we promote and we advertise our events all the time uh through our news newsletter if you would please go to uh you can either go to one of two places it'll it'll redirect you can go to. David sn.com or. NLP power.com and there should be an email sign up form uh on the on the homepage it'll probably show up when you try to leave the page because it's an exit.

Pop um. I would highly recommend that all of you um go over and get on our subscriber list. So you guys are kept in the know uh because. I'm not the best.

I mean. I try to promote things and tell people things on the. YouTube channel. I'm not the best with like um sending out like postings.

Beyond like for amas and stuff like. I should. I should treat the comment section like an email subscriber list and just post those things. But.

I don't. I don't want to spam you guys. So um if you do want to be kept in the loop and have access to content and things of that nature and other training opportunities. I would recommend you go to one of those two websites um and and really just get on get on our subscriber list and make sure that um you know you're getting as many different ways into.

Planet. David as possible um. Leonard says do you have a course on business. Mastery available.

I have your copyrighting course and you mentioned a business course coming up which would have been a few years ago um. Leonard all my business training is reserved for my mega. Platinum coaching students they it's it's the highest care training that. I do um and it's literally like.

I meet with them every week and. Then they come to my facility uh every four months and we literally sit around the conference table and we we brainstorm on business. Advanced influence. Advanced hypnotic training.

Advanced. Energy training things of that nature. So we do have business trainings available and a massive library of everything from copyrighting to email to how to do meetups and stuff like that. So we go through all that training.

But we don't we don't have a specific course on it it's part of our personal coaching program. So. I hope that answers your qu and if you're interested in getting involved in that we' love to have you uh you can call the office at 858 282 4663 speak to hold on a. Second that didn't work 858 282 4663 you can speak to.

Moss about that it's about the mega. Platinum it is not cheap it is probably one of the most expensive programs out there uh it's also the one that gets you the absolute most attention from me because you get unlimited sessions with me as well. So not only do you get access to all the uh all of our content both the free content the private content things we've never released um you get business training you get. Advanced all the secret trainings that we do um.

But you also get unlimited sessions with me. So if you got [ __ ] you want to unpack you know every week you can as many times as you need to you can just make an appointment with me and we'll work on your stuff it's it's a really intense it's a very intimate program uh which is why. I don't advertise it a lot because there's only even at you know with the 100. Grand that.

I'm charging um there's only. So many people that. I can effectively work with and give quality to. So there is a bit of a vetting process for for people with that training.

But the people you know if you've met. Moss or you you kind of moss was someone who was one of the very. First people to adopt uh or jump into the mega program and now he sees the majority of my of my regular client um he's doing his own events he's he's doing extremely well um and. Tracy.

Kanan another one of my mega. Platinum members is doing extraordinarily well um. So. I mean there they've it really does make a difference when you have somebody that's willing to to to walk beside you through those processes you know who's done it the hard way um.

But that's. But again that program isn't for everybody that's for people who just literally because. I hold you accountable right. It's not it's not.

I'm gonna do it for you. But. I'll show you what to do. I'll show you how to do it and.

Then we'll work you through your blocks and installations and things like that uh let's see here hold on a. Second. I think we jumped up a few levels here um what are your thoughts on. Tony.

Robbins have you ever met him. I read that he studied under ban kind. I met. Tony.

Robbins many many many many many many years ago in the early 90s when. I moved to. Florida he was doing was doing a little he was promoting unlimited uh. Unleash the.

Power. Within it was um it was a it was on it was on audio cassette that's how old this thing was uh. I met him for a few moments um while. I was broke and.

I couldn't take him up on his on his offer. But. I did meet him once um since. Then he's gone on to be just a juggernaut in the personal transformation and motivational speaking field and yes.

He did he did study under or from bandler uh he he's given bandler uh credit for several of trainings. So it's interesting to see how how the the the family tree of. NLP um has has influenced the personal change and personal development movement for for decades and how. NLP at least how we do it in.

Planet. David has evolved. So far from from how. NLP was incepted um.

I think the. NLP. I do now is is is many iterations different from the. NLP.

I learned and uh. I think it's made it more user friendly uh it's more faster more effective more evidence-based and it's consistent right. It works for pretty much anybody who uses it that's a big claim for techniques like this. But with.

I. I'll go out there. So far as say using the technologies that that we teach and and the way we've refined them over the years there isn't much you can't put at least a very big dent in and that that says a lot for for a system right. Um which is again why we're kind of going we're changing what we're doing to.

NLP. Ultra which is kind of a our way of saying hey this is the. Next level this is beyond um in terms of ease of use uh scope uh speed in which it can be done uh the ability to understand it and use it because the the big tragedy with a lot of. NLP especially classical.

NLP is a lot of it is geared around the seminar room and it's around therapy uh and the problem is there's such a big skill set such a broad skill set that people come out knowing they learned a lot and can't use any of it they feel like somehow everybody else learned more than them like everybody. KN knew more um they don't know where to start um and. NLP. Ultra and killer influence really was the start of that actually.

CPI was the start of. Then killer influence and now. NLP. Ultra is is our way of saying hey this is every advanced technology should make make life easier not harder it should be easier to use not more complicated this is how you make it easy this is how you make it effective this is how you make it bulletproof right.

This is how you integrate all of these different pieces that classical. NLP found into a way that is just very fast very easy to learn and and is practical. So. I'm kind of excited if you haven't noticed about that um let's see here uh.

Riley's asking recently discovered. I have emotion color synesthesia okay. So do you have any advice on how to strengthen my synesthesia and use it as a tool when connecting with people oh. I have tons of [Laughter] suggestions.

But if you can give me a little bit more information on your emotion color synesthesia. I might be able to give you a little bit better uh or clearer guidance on how to use that uh oh to clarify. I see auras with my synesthesia. So.

I'm guessing you see a color and you know what it feels like yes. Then you simply have to ask questions well if my higher mind could send me a feeling a frequency a vibration or color that would create. XYZ effect in myself and. Then have that effect.

Ripple over to other people what color or colors might it send me start playing with that and notice how your system changes as the new information is downloaded and. Then emanate it out to the people you're seeking to influence or uh profile energetically speaking. U. Cameron says amazing answer thank you well thank you.

Luke. Sheffer says. I will yay uh. Jacob says.

I'm interested in hearing more about auras and any resources you have related to them. I know you've mentioned it before regarding personality um. I would look. At all the information by.

Val. Dr. Valerie hunt the late. Valerie hunt she passed away a few years back.

But she was one of the leading researchers on vibration energetic. Fields things of that nature she brought a really strong scientific approach to the study of these subtle energetic. Fields um she also and a lot of her early work was done with anad. Judah or anadia.

Judith and. Carolyn me. I believe was also a contemporary of hers. So those those three would probably give you some good uh places to start ftech says do you have anything for anxiety probably uh.

What specifically about anxiety are you looking for. I would start for you um. I would start with the transformational. Triad and see how big a dent you can put in in your stuff on your own and.

Then decide for yourself um what where you need to go. Next. Aspen says. I would absolutely drive to.

Northfolk. Virginia to meet you well thank you. Aspen. I appreciate that.

AP says. I don't get the newsletter. But. I buy your programs yay buddy uh let's see here.

Aaron bur says hi guys hey. Aaron uh. Anthony. Caruso what would you advise if someone is in a toxic relationship with a covert narcissist.

But stays with them just to be able to see the kids asking for a friend who was locked out of the house. Last night. I guess my question would be where do the kids want to be if it's about the kids where do they want to be are they mature enough to make that decision if the kids want to be with you. I will quote uh.

I will. I will paraphrase and horribly mangle one of. Chris voss's uh quotes from never split the difference no. Deal is always better than a bad deal and.

I will. I will go. So far as to say that no. Relationship is better than a bad relationship ship um.

I've. I've been in relationships where. I have made the decision to leave and saw how it affected the kids and. I've been in relationships where.

I've decided to stay and watched how it affected the kids um and the truth is that there's neither is better every situation is different. But if you can get a good idea of what the kids want objectively that will help inform the decision you make in terms of how you go about either maintaining or managing that relationship or reorganizing that relationship to something a little bit more distant right. Um there's a. I would never tell anybody to stay in a relationship.

I would never tell anybody to leave a relationship um all. I would say. I all. I would ever ask is that people get all the information and decide what makes them feel good about their life what makes them feel good about their the world they're living in um you can't avoid here's the thing no.

Matter what happens you can't avoid traumatizing the children raising a child is inherently a tra a trauma-inducing experience because boundaries need to be imposed on them and the more stubborn and independent those children are just look. At the parents uh the more boundary bounding will have to be imposed. So anytime we perceive our boundaries being violated we go we we trigger a trauma response in our bodies. So at the end of the day our job is to love our children.

But to also prepare them to be able to function without us right. And. So our job isn't to be our kids friends it's to make sure that they have the cope skills necessary and the understanding of how boundaries work right. So.

But remember and this is probably the most profound thing. I can say to any of you is that your children will imprint what they see they won't necessarily imprint what you do or what you say they will imprint what they see and what you do and. So if you are in a relationship that you're miserable in that will tend to imprint in them a norm what is normal and that's what they will tend to sort for as they get older right. No.

I notice. I say tend because you can never fully predict how people are going to respond. But the more. I observe people the more.

I realize that the more the older we get the more we become more we become who we were unless we are highly motivated and empowered to change um human beings can change at any given moment just most just choose not to. So this you know really really think about what do you want your kids to model and and go from there. Aspen says can. I recommend any.

NLP practitioners in the. DC area not off the top of my head. Aspen. I'll have to.

I'll have to go through my list uh and see um yeah. I don't have anybody. I don't do here's the thing. I don't do a lot of.

NLP certifications every year because most people don't need it uh what. I do do is. I teach a lot of classes and trainings that use. NLP in a spe in within a particular discipline to accomplish an amazing range of results.

So most of all my systems utilize. NLP in some form even if. I'm not certifying you in neural linguistic program right. And.

I think most people who would want to be most people don't need n full. NLP training um what they need to be is good at hypnosis and. Then good at identity by. Design and killer influence and.

Then they can rock just about any change process they need um. So let me let me put it out there. I'll even ask actually what you could also do is uh reach out to. Moss at the uh at the office number and see if he can go to our database and find anybody in the.

DC area that's qualified in. NOP from our perspective um. Laura. Thom says similar to.

MK ultr yes. I know completely different it's not all that different um it's it's on a. Continuum and and uh. I will.

I will be the. First to tell you that uh those those. MKUltra was a real thing uh. I've been given access to certain documents that are not normally available and uh it was it's pretty interesting what they were able to do even during the.

First world war or the. Second world war the the things that they were able to do with classical hypnosis before any of the enhanced stuff came along. So. But where we missed out as a as a discipline you know.

I understand why this was held back and. I understand why certain uh experts in conversation hypnosis. Ericson lied um about certain things or misrepresented certain things was because of the tremendous potential this stuff had for abuse. But what.

I also understand now is the tremendous potential that it has for self-directed self-determined personal growth. I literally called some of the trainings. I've been given access to like you know you know in. Captain.

America you have that little little. Stevie um gets into the gets the the super soldier serum and they go into the machine and they come out. Captain. America right.

That's kind of how. I look. At some of the advanced enhanced hypnotherapeutic trainings and performance enhancement trainings um that. I was lucky enough to to be given access to uh.

I. I literally call it the super soldier serum because it literally gives you push button control over your blood pressure your heartbeat your body temperature and. Then it just keeps getting crazier um. But there's a training process for that.

So um you'll be learning about some of that in. NLP. Ultra. But what you'll be focused on in.

NLP. Ultra is the killer influence plus all the behavioral uh stuff that. I've been teaching in various disciplines. Advanced profiling techniques uh to make it fast and easy um for specific influence applications.

So um let's see here is. Leonard's asking is there a trance. I can put myself in before working on the computer. I have.

So much to do and. I just want to be zoned in absolutely absolutely if you can conceive name and describe the the the state you can create the state that's one of the secret powers of your nervous system. I'll repeat that three more times for people who want to take notes if you can conceive dis name and describe the state you can create the state one more time if you can conceive name and describe the state you can create the state if you have basic hypnosis skills and a good imagination you can you can create anything you want right. [Music] um with both let's see.

So. Anthony. Chris is with both four and eight yeah okay. The four well those are still kind of young yeah.

Anthony you know. I. I wish. I could give you a definitive.

I just it just wouldn't be ethical for me to say one way or the other. But. I would ask you um what's going to put you in a. I mean.

I know that there's probably going to be a lot of infighting going on if you decide to separate um. But how does that relationship make you feel about yourself right. Because if if you're going in you know and you're dreading going home to to those people right. You know is that is that good for you or not good for you right.

But will you feel worse not going home with you know having a separate location. I can't. I can't answer those things. I can only.

Point them out and and let you make a decision for yourself right. So. I hope that. I hope that helps in some way.

But breath. Church says. I can take either face reading or. Ultra.

NLP. I've wanted to take your face reading class for years which would you recommend for a firsttime live class participant it starts with this question breath what is it you want to be able to do what is it you want to be able to do answer that question and. I can give you a better answer okay. Danny saying hello.

Danny saying is this live or pre-recorded. I'll let you figure that out. Danny uh. Carol.

J says what is your take on. EFT tapping it doesn't take with me um as arrogant as this sounds um. I've said it before. I'll say it again spinning beats tapping 10 out of ten times.

I know a lot of people who part of their living as. EFT. I've never seen an. EFT work better than spinning ever ever and that's not not just from me as a practitioner it's from most people who do spinning okay.

Um. But that again tested for yourself spinning. May suck for you. But.

Carol says my clients after years of trying okay. Very good. Laura says oh. I know.

I've seen y. Carol. J says also when will your medical. Chong course be offered well.

I thank you for that. Carol um well let me give you the straight the straight skinny on on my medical. Chong course um. I will not be certified till at least.

August at the earliest um there is one class that. I have to find a way to make up in order to qualify for graduation in. August if. I can't find if.

I can't get that class before. August. I have no. Idea when.

I'll be able to take the makeup to get my diploma. I have all the content. I have all the trainings. I even have the full video course of the course.

I have to make up. But their rules say you have to you have to do the live to get there. So if they if. I can work out special like pay extra or whatever where.

I can make up that content and it be recognized and graduate by. August. Then the soonest. I'll have something available would probably be.

May or. June of 2025 now that's the medical chiong training. I have other energy trainings that. I do that are highly informed uh by that much in fact.

I'm working on a program called integrated mystical uh training and uh which is the integration of all the different disciplines uh filtered through an. NLP structure and energized to the maximum those things. I can. I can start teaching tomorrow if.

I wanted to um. But for actual full medical chiong training as. I was taught it or the way. I would be authorized to teach it um you're probably again if everything manifested optimally uh.

May or. June of 2025 would be the soonest. I'd be offering that um. But my program would probably be a lot more integrative um because there are certain drawbacks with the classical system that they've yet to show me how to beat that my system takes care of.

So that's kind of where. I'm at right. Now. I am not a classicist in in the sense that um this is the way.

I was taught. So this is all. I will ever teach or do. I.

I. I. I study the way. I was taught.

I. I. I look. At what my teachers are doing.

I. Ma. I've learned the reasons why they do the things they do and. Then.

I start asking questions and. I see about. I look. For ways to streamline shortcut and amp simpy the the processes you know.

I put it through the. David filters. So to speak because again you if you know me. I don't have time for low percentage technique.

I. I don't want to waste time why why would. I give my client you know a process that takes four weeks if. I can do it in four hours right.

And that's kind of where. I'm at with some of the things. I'm learning. I see the value.

I see how they connect and how they're related to the things that we do in. Planet. David. But.

I also see how the differences in the model and and you know if. I could understand why the model is that way. Then. I can start to to modify the model or acknowledge the model where it's right.

Where. I think it's it's good. So um. Anyway that was my long dissertation look.

For look. For something uh in terms of medical chiong look. For something uh around. May or um.

June of 2025 now um. I'm not sure if this will be true or not. But even if. I'm not teaching um the people.

I'm learning from uh. Diego. San. Miguel is taking over for sefue.

Johnson um he may be continuing to offer medical. Chong classes and if you don't want to wait for me uh you're more than welcome to check out his his school his trainings uh diegosan miguel. net just tell him. David sent you right. And go from there uh let's see.

Danny 01 17 says is there a way to suppress feelings for someone that turned out to be a narcissist and they have replaced me. But. I can't stop thinking yes. Regress the cause um.

So. Danny. First thing you want to do is you want to start off with magic. C or.

Magic's frame energy spinning transform uh color breathing and. Then you're going to want to regress you're going to want to do the resistance removal formula on yourself and. Then if there's any lingering stuff. Then you want to do regress to cause that would be the optimal approach for what you're doing with if you go to my.

YouTube channel uh and you type in how to heal a broken heart you'll actually watch me do a spinning technique on someone who was in exactly the same place you are and it went away okay. Now if you have any reason for holding on to those feelings you need to. Magic. Frame it.

First. But if you if you go to my. YouTube channel and you type that in you should see uh um a video come up where you will you watch me just spin somebody's broken heart away uh. Carol.

J says you really do rock and. I love your courses and presentations thank you. So much. Carol you are very welcome some somehow get this.

Heart. Right. This. Heart thing.

I'm doing that right. Thank you all right. Uh. Aspen thank you for the info also.

I imagine you saying. Aspen is a cool name. So here. I am doing the work to make it happen.

Ivy bolt hey. David this might be a bit weird to ask. But what kind of methods do you know to strengthen and erection as a man is it related to the root chakra yes. Um.

I have a course if you go to my website uh and you type in. I here. I'll just put it in the chat how to. I think it's how to have the best sex ever um or or well it's it's or it's or it's going to be uh it's been a long time since.

I looked at the course it's how to have the best how to beat premature ulation how to beat mature ejaculation and have the best sex ever oh yeah if you go to my website type in forever man something should come up if it doesn't give. Moss a call or email at uh. NLP power and also call at 85828 2 4663 uh and ask uh to be given access to that program he'll give he'll send you an invoice and uh he'll set up a link for you in. NLP power and you'll be able to download and watch the forever man course it's pretty intense um there's a lot of exercises in it there's dietary and herbal recommendations and things after you get checked out by a physician and stuff like that.

So there's the whole training program for uh working on erectile strength uh premature ejaculation things of that nature [Music] um. Helen you said once in a spinning you can't include other person yourself. But what if your desired outcome includes your family member. I have never seen surrogate spinning work.

But that's mostly because. I've never tried it some people can make surrogate. EFT work. I've never tried that.

So. I don't know what that would look. Like. But.

I highly encourage you to test it you might have discovered an application. I've never thought of or none of my other students have ever thought of. So give it a shot play with it see what comes out see what happens and let us know. Alex.

Riley says what are your thoughts on the. Alexander technique um. I don't know a lot about. Alexander technique.

But the things. I have heard from reliable sources say it's really good for posture and and and stuff like that um chiman says what's the best way to credit spinning on social media. I currently call it. David.

Snider spinning in the real world. I'm an evangelist of the method and want to credit correctly um you could say. David. Snider's energy spinning technique um you could call it the psychosomatic neuromodulation technique from.

David. Snyder um. However you know as long as my name and the and the technique are named. I'm.

I'm pretty open you know. But thank you for. So much for spreading the gospel of. David.

So to speak right. Uh. Jacob. Lee says.

I heard you mentioned color. Theory wants and. I'm curious how it fits into your systems could you explain that a bit um. Jacob.

I don't know what you mean when you say color theory if you could explain what you mean by color theory. I can probably give you some answer that is practical for you. Leonard saying will you have another hypnotherapy. Ser this year.

I don't know if. I'll be able to make it in. March more than likely um we usually have real world regression in. September um we may or may not do another identity by.

Design um it would if we do it that's a really good question. I'm not sure where. I would do it um maybe. December maybe.

December um if you can get uh for those of if you can't get there physically we are going to do a hybrid option for identity by. Design in. March um we don't promote that till the. Last minute because we want people's asses in the chairs.

But if the only way you can get to the training is virtually. Then we can make that that happen for you uh. I would really really recommend that uh you do what you can to get there. But we can try to do another one if it makes sense to do it um maybe.

November or. December maybe. November or. December um um just keep an eye keep an eye on our newsletters uh.

I may just wake up one day and say hey let's do something in. June in fact um now that. I think about it we were in negotiations to do a training in. Hungary in.

June. That was supposed to be identity by. Design. But we haven't been able to finalize that yet.

So it is possible that we could do identity by. Design in some other location if that training fell through. So you could look. At.

June or possibly. December for one of those. So again keep an eye on our email bulletins and stuff like that and uh go from there um. TBC gaming says hey.

Dr. David for the value we often hear someone has a clear energy how would you define clear energy and what do you think is the best way to clear my energy field or have clear energy well. I think when people are talking about clear energy they're very bright. And what that means is they're perceiv very very clearly there's not there's no.

Mucky murky or icky feelings that emanate from them or that they trigger in other people. So generally when people have very strong very positive energy when you're around them they'll kind of feel um um maybe a little high it's almost like you suddenly get more energy colors and are more. Vivid and brighter uh and you just feel happier in general right. Um the more murky or heavy a person's energy is the more it tends to give you those creepy icky feelings the more you kind of feel sluggish um drained is a good way to think about it their energy is kind of murky and heavy because there's a lot of emotional toxicity in it.

So if you feel like if you feel somebody's energy um before they do pulling down the heavens and. Then they do pulling down the heavens the one through 10 and through and. Then you get a you leave the room and you come back after they've done it you'll feel a very a brighter lighter higher energy uh frequency to what they're doing it will kind of lift you up it'll kind of boil your moods a little bit now the sub part is is that the longer you're around that energy the more of it you'll absorb and as your body absorbs that pure higher energy it'll want to get rid of the. Schmutz it's holding on to.

So you'll start to feel crappy because your own body starts to. Purge and purify itself it's kind of like when you do a liver detox or a gallbladder detox and you have all this weird [ __ ] coming out of you from all your different orifices and stuff like that it's because your body's dumping toxins. So. First you'll get this oh this is fun.

I love this energy kind of a feeling and. Then your body will start to want to go into purification mode and even though you're you're actually getting better it feels like you're getting worse right. Um. So.

Cameron's saying. I think. Richard's question regarding color theory was related to my question about your clothes and you had mentioned that there was a purpose to the colors yeah the the system. I use is called illuminent um it was something.

I learned from a woman named. Taylor. Sinclair many many years ago and it was uh basically a fashion-based mystery school which was all about how certain colors and textures and patterns uh and qualities uh interact with your personal energy field to either enhance and clarify amp your signal or muddy it up think about like noise to a signal right. And.

So all the colors that most of the colors that. I wear the textures the. Fabrics that. I choose have a vibrational um component to them that.

I factor into the wardrobes that. I choose it's not just being a winter or a an. Autumn or or a summer or a spring or whatever like the. Four.

Element. Seasons it's it's it's goes a little bit beyond that although you can probably approximate most it through the. Four. Season system um.

But. I've. I found it to be extremely useful in in my ability to to make a positive impact on the people around me um. So let's see.

Danny says one. Last question what could be done for someone to lose weight if it started from depression get rid of the get rid of the reason for the depression progress the cause uh reprocess the experiences and. Then um ask um what behaviors need to be changed all right. The way 126 give him a.

Hu give them a huge round of applause they just donated a [ __ ] ton of cash to the planet. David fund. So they get preferential treatment what do you do to connect the magnetic fluid. I use.

Ancient practices of neong to access pure. Consciousness how do you do it all right. So if you want to access the electrical fluid and if you don't know what. I mean by electrical fluid or magnetic fluid this isn't your question for you.

So when you imagine the energy flowing out as it expands out of your hand imagine it pulling the joints apart right. So it's it's as it comes out it's pulling that. So if you just hold your hands imagine energy coming out and as it comes out and expands it pulls it pulls the joints outward and it creates space between the joints when you feel that pulling apart you are accessing the magnetic fluids the in fluids of the. B of the system.

So if you've done that go ahead and type type done that in the chat if you can manifest that sensation in your hands the. Next thing you want to do if you've done that now imagine that same energy coming up from your lower donen out your heart out your hands. But now as the energy moves up and it builds in your hands and it moves outward now it pushes the joints apart instead of pulling the joints apart. So it's literally pushing like a fire hose pushing the space out between the joints and the fingertips when you've developed that pushing sensation you're accessing the electrical fluid.

So if the energy is pulling the joints it's magnetic if it's pushing the joints it's electric okay. Cigar mea says is there any other way of connecting with someone autonomic nervous system without using kinesthetic. Rapport it's it's always going to be some form of entrainment that will be reflected in a body feeling. So you can't ever fully eliminate the kinesthetic aspect of it.

But you could do it through sound you could do it through imagination and intention um you could do do it through symbols and sympathetic magic you could do it through um well those are those that's enough. I think. So. I hope that helps.

So the way 126 experience um. So does that. I hope that helps you um work when you when you talk about fluids usually when people are talking about fluids they they're they're they're usually related to the. Hermetic or.

Roy acuan or radiesthesia uh systems with not. So much the neong neong usually talks about. Yin and yangong they don't talk about electrical and magnetic. But uh it's the same thing um.

Justin. Tang what are the differences in your experience between. Western occultism and. Eastern occultism mostly um the names that they use um the biggest difference.

I have found in the systems well thank you way way 126 says yes. You know what you're talking about yeah um. So. Justin to answer your question they're more alike than they aren't the one place where.

I have found a significant difference um between the. West systems and the. Eastern systems is in if you look. At.

Bon's work we talks about energetic. Anatomy the western side goes far more detail into each body part and the electrical charge and. Elemental designation of each one. So if you go into if you look.

At. Bon's energetic. Anatomy you'll see the left eye is one polarity the right. Eye is another polarity this is a certain element this is a different element and.

So you would charge different energies or correspondences in those body parts um that to me sounds redonkulous complicated um and. I like the. I like the um. I like the the doist systems better and the.

Buddhist systems even more. So doist systems aren't are complicated. But not nearly as complicated in that respect um as the. Western systems are um where they.

Store. T energies and tissues and things like that is actually way simpler uh the. Buddhists don't even go that far they they're just working with the chras the. Tai pole and the three danten and the.

Soul star the. Earth star um and the chakras all the systems use the chakras um the. Buddhist systems tend to have a little bit more. Reliance on the chakras than the.

Dows systems. But the da systems have them as well. So like when you're doing. Thunder magic and dosm you bring the energy in you you'll harvest the.

Thunder and. Then you'll circulate it to each of the organs and and and literally charge the organs with the. Thunder and. Then restore the rest in your lower down to.

So it's it's really about building a vessel that can hold those frequencies and those and those amplitudes um and doing it safely. But where. I've seen the biggest the biggest distinction is in in the energenic anatomy. Parts their correspondences are very very different way says.

I only use. Dallas teachings okay. Cool um. Christian.

Deon says since the map is not the territory what is the best way to reframe things in ways that give you the most freedom in perception and choice. I. I like redefines. I like metap frames.

I like model of the worlds reality strategies uh metaphors all work really really well to reframe things uh. I have 14 different techniques that. I teach for reframing beliefs. I just taught a three-day class on that you might want to go to uh.

NLP power.com and actually um get the course. Renegade reframing that'll give you all 14 of the patterns that. I use and. I think you'll find that if you start applying any of those patterns to any of your limiting beliefs uh you won't be able to go back to the believing them the same way again it's it's that simple in fact what what happened as a byproduct of that training we just finished it.

Last weekend um people wound up with an with an. AI a reframe. AI lodged into their brain. So the moment a limiting belief came up their their neurology just automatically started reframing it just kept going even after the training was over anytime a limiting belief came up their brain would just reframe it they and.

I thought just keep going because that'll just keep changing um. So fsed says hey. David. I'm a longtime fan.

I wanted to ask you if you offer any apprenticeships for someone that wants to explore a career in this field the only way people get access to that level of training is through my mega. Platinum coaching program and that is a that that is by invitation only. So if you want to know more information on it it is not cheap you can reach out to. Moss at.

NLP power.com or 858 282 466 um three he'll be happy to tell you about the program uh he's probably one of the best examples of what can be done with that um there are less expensive less um intimate programs where you have access to me. But if you want to do what. I do at the level that. I do it that's that's the path okay.

Um can. I tell you any. Advanced. Techniques for deity magic.

I would get uh secrets of the. Buddhist. Mystic by. Professor.

Jerry. Allen. Johnson there's a pretty good section on deity. Magic in there um.

I would start with that and. Then build into other uh aspects of. Tibetan. Buddhism that deal with.

DD magic. Paul said. Paul was at the reframe. Crist he said the process he's still getting reframing himself into.

Oblivion you're welcome say all right. Guys hey um we're about out of time. I want to thank you all for uh to spending time with me. I hope.

I've answered your questions if if you have any other questions please post them in the comments section below the live make sure that you go to. NLP power.com oops or. David. Snider.

NLP sorry. David sn.com and join our newsletter um. I will try and check in with you uh regularly while. I'm at my.

Buddhist and. My. DST trainings um no. Sam uh forever man is different than secret orgasm tips they're very very different programs they are very complimentary.

But they're very very different um if you need to get access to either or both of those you can go to 858 282 4663 um if you want all of the the romance and attraction and sexuality trainings that. I have except for forever man you could also go here www.lpower.com. SL lover that was a package we put together for. Valentine's.

Day um because it was old time for. Old. Time sake. So if you're.

U that page is still available uh you can get a real nice bundle for uh not a lot of money. So. Anyway. I'm gonna go.

I want to thank you all great questions uh by the way that whole. Electro electrical magnetic fluid thing. First time. I've ever released that to the public.

So good night love you. God bless post your post your comments if you if you enjoy this like and share if you didn't tell me your.
