Title: WjtiUsfppJk.txt
Video Id: WjtiUsfppJk
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WjtiUsfppJk

E e e e e e e e e e hello hello hello everyone this is. Dr. David checking in we've got about uh eight minutes and. SEC and a few seconds until zero.

Hour. I just wanted to come on for a few minutes just to let you know that today's uh webinar how to reprogram your subconscious mind for in secrets of self transformation is uh a couple of things you want to get the most out of tonight's webinar. First and foremost make sure you have things to write on and write with make sure you have lots of uh caffeinated substances to keep you awake and uh be prepared to roll up your sleeves do some drills and get some skills because tonight is all about actionable material that uh you can put to work right. Away and as always.

I'll take you as far as. I can in the time that we have and. I'll show you where to go to level up your skills. So uh again.

I just wanted to give you a quick pregame warm-up like. I said we're going to be starting in less than less than eight minutes now. So make sure that you've got all your materials make sure that you will not be disturbed for the. Next two or three hours uh and uh.

I will go through all the little administrative details when we log on uh. But. I just wanted to to get on there and say hi and tell everybody to strap in and hold on and if you know anybody who you think might benefit from the content from tonight's webinar by all means please uh share and like uh the links to this uh this webinar and uh as always we love your questions you have three ways to get your questions answered uh post them in the chat uh ask one of our veterans while point out and or when this replay goes live of course you can always type them in the uh the comment section and. I'll do my best to.

Circle back and answer those questions all right. That being said uh you got about six and a half minutes give or take and. I'll see you at 3M. Pacific e e e e e e e e e e e e hello hello hello everyone this is.

Dr. David checking in with you uh let me see there we go there's a little bit of a lag between one computer and the. Next. So how's everybody doing today if you're brand new uh to.

Planet. David please type your name and brand new in the chat where you're checking in from and if you have something in particular you would like me to focus on as a byproduct of tonight's training please type that in the chat keep in mind that this is a what we a very participation dependent event um there will be some lecture. But a lot of what you're going to get tonight is hardcore solid actionable technique and principles and foundations for how to reprogram your subconscious mind uh and the secrets of personal self transformation that's been my specialty for the. Last 20 or 30 years and um.

I want to share some really powerful stuff with you and show you where to go. But before we get into the nitty-gritty of tonight's content uh there's a few administrative things. I want to get out of the way that it's just my habit it's just something that. I like to do just to make sure that we're all on the same page we all know what to expect.

So. First and foremost if this is the scope of everything there is to know and understand about how to work with and reprogram your subconscious mind we've got time for this. So my commitment to you as is always especially for those of you who are brand new this is something you need to know. I will take you as far down this rabbit hole that.

I can. I will. I will teach you as much as. I can purvey uh and give you the experiences as much as.

I can and. I will point you in the direction of where to go to level up your skills or get the rest of the system if that's something that you you feel that is appropriate is that a fair trade that. I. I in the time that we have that.

I take you as far as. I can with what we've got if you think that's fair go ahead and type that in the chat if you don't think it's fair maybe this isn't the best use of your. Next two or three hours and yes. I did say the.

Next two or three hours and why is that we at. Planet. David um were very big on providing value to our our members we want you to come away from these webinars not just with information which is always helpful um and a and a and a road to level up we want you to have an experience we want to guide you through a series of processes that give you something much more tangible um than just information right. And.

So the more you participate in tonight's webinar the more powerfully these things will make sense to you. So that being said you're going to have questions. So if all my veterans out there all you veterans in. Planet.

David uh please type in your name where you're checking in from how long you've been a member of. Planet. David because you guys are going to be my helpers you're going to be my assistants tonight because if there's a question that goes by that is either going to take us off off track or uh. I don't see it.

I want you guys to take it upon yourself in a way that's not going to distract from the content of tonight's webinar and answer those people's questions because everybody expects me to tell you that well everything we do is the best thing since slic bread right. You got you guys pref you guys expect that it's a webinar. David's going to promote a product or an offer yes. I am uh there will be an offer tied to this this webinar.

But you guys are the people who've taken the information from planet. David gone out into the world and used it and and gotten big wins which is why you're back okay. So. I want you to help the newer people help them if you have if you see a question in the chat that.

I don't see or. I don't answer and you have direct experience using our. Technologies in that situation in a way that doesn't distract from the content of the webinar reach out to those people and let them know what your experience was right. Support the teaching.

So that people know that this is a place where you can get some real stuff okay. That being said if for some reason that for for you new people especially that still doesn't answer your question there will be a replay for this webinar there always is uh the you the replay for. YouTube will go live probably within 30 to 40 minutes after we log off if you go to the replay page and you you type your question in the in the comment section below the video. I make it a point to to to go back to my.

YouTube channel three four five times a day and do my best sometimes. I miss a day. But to answer as many questions as. I can and if.

I can answer that question. I will if. I can't answer that. I'll tell you and.

I'll point you in the direction of where to go uh to find that answer right. We're all about solving problems here at. Planet. David what's.

Curious what's what's really fascinating about our approach to solving problems is as we move you through these processes. It prepares you for higher levels of learning and teaching you're going to transform as a byproduct of tonight okay. So that being said uh couple of disclaimers if. Politically.

Incorrect language colorful metaphor swearing or the word boobies offends you probably not the best use of your. Next two or three hours okay. My my intention is uh never to offend anyone. But.

I often do say things that people. Find provocative. So if you do find yourself being provoked by something. I've said point to where you feel it and.

Mark that down on your notepad tonight because those are indications of things in your life that need exploration and resolution and we're going to give you some tools and some techniques tonight to perhaps get that resolved in the shortest amount of time possible that being said uh where are all my new people here let me just look. At my chat really quick okay. A lot of familiar faces a lot of newbies very good all right. So.

First of all shout out to all of my uh non-americans all the people in the. UK all the people in. Australia. Canada all you guys checking in from some other part of the world where it's.

God you know o. Dark 30 somewhere um okay. So let's get started okay. Uh again make sure that you have um things to write on and things to write with uh.

I a ve. I'm a teacher who relies very very heavily on interaction and participation and and that's the goal the other thing is is that uh our webinars like. I said before two or three hours are not short. So we divide our webinars into three distinct phases the.

First phase is what we call the foundations phase and this is where we give you the the head knowledge and some basic experiences and drills that move your mind and body in a certain direction that give you a set of experiences that open some doors for us right. Phase two is where we talk about. Next steps that means the things. I'm going to be sharing with you in.

Phase. One are parts of a complete system or set of systems that we developed in. Planet. David.

So for those of you who want to get access to that entire system and the packages we put together to help you level up phase two is all about that phase three is one of the coolest parts of our webinar phase three is where we. Circle back to the foundations we laid in phase one and we customize the content of tonight's webinar to the the specific topic or application that you as a group want most to learn about sometimes it's romance sometimes it's manifestation sometimes it's clearing stuff sometimes it's changing limiting beliefs sometimes it's removing resistance you guys get to tell me based on your reasons for jumping on the webinar tonight uh what you want to get and. I will customize the content of tonight's webinar for you. So every webinar even if it has a similar title to one we've done in the past will have unique content in it because the people on it are unique just like you and tonight is all about you okay.

So that being said. I'm going to jump into my. PowerPoint. I don't like.

PowerPoints all that much. But sometimes for structure it's a good idea. So if everybody's with me uh give me a thumbs up or let's do this or or whatever just show me in the chat that you're with me and. I'm going to have a from of tea from my.

Dungeon. Crawler. Carl mug. Shameless plug for one of my favorite lit.

RPG books out there all right. Very good there's. Jody there's. Scott excellent all right.

So. First and foremost uh let me go to screen share which always brings us to the the main question is who the heck is. Dr. David.

Snider and why should. I care today's all about reprogramming your subconscious mind we're going to teach you how to change living belief. Bel remove blocks to your succcess uh get rid of negative emotions and program your mind for unlimited success health wealth and happiness. So.

First and foremost. I am an actual doctor uh this is my copy of my diploma from. Pacific. College of.

Oriental medicine they've since changed their name. But they were considered by for many years the. Harvard of. Oriental medical schools.

So. I'm very proud to be an alumni uh. I've been in private practice uh since 2005 here in. San.

Diego on top of that uh in 2020. I was named the number one. NLP trainer in the world by global gurus. org. I've been in the top two slot for the.

Last eight years. So one day one year. I even beat out the great bandler which to me. I think was a miscount in the votes.

But hey what do. I know. I've offered. I've offered over 15 different products on various forms of human influence my private practice focused on treating physical illness that was caused by repressed emotion.

So. I've integrated a lot of these different trainings right. What you see here is a letter from. Global gurus stating that my program killer influence and there were two versions of it both of them were named the number one.

NLP training program in the world by global gurus and we've been the reigning champion in in the. NLP training course uh category since 2020. So. I'm very excited about that there's a copy of our our.

First uh our. First notification. I didn't even know there was a contest or election for this. But for those of you who are wondering what else.

I. I'm am about. I'm also have a 10th degree black belt in okan karate a fourth degree black belt in. Shaolin quau.

Second degree black belt in kosho. Karu. First degree black belt in fuu. Jiu-Jitsu.

I have a certified instructor in. Cinco. Mano. Esrea and uh combat.

Systema and. I have a basic instructor uh in modernes direct from the founder. Grandmaster. Remy praos and.

I currently have more energy healing credentials than. I can even list on on a. PowerPoint slide uh. So raiki.

Master teacher since the 90s. Advanced chronic healer chronic psychotherapist advaned. DNA. Theta healer bangston energy healing and of course.

I'm. GNA hopefully graduating in. August with my doctorate in. Chinese energetic medicine which is a focus on.

DS medical. Chiang and. Buddhist medical. Chiang and.

I'm excited about that. So when when people see these these different credentials and they think about the subconscious mind they're like. So what does all that have to do with reprogramming your subconscious mind and the answer is twofold. First and foremost it's all about your.

State. Control in other words how do you enter and exit a certain type of emotional state at will and how does that influence everything in your life right. The other part is how do. I uh how do.

I change that. So the default states that. I'm program for uh don't trigger and create the same um the same patterns in my life and that brings us to our. Second big piece and that's pattern recognition you see everything human beings do has a structure to it everything human beings think and feel and believe has a pattern and if you understand those patterns if you can recognize the pattern.

Then you can start to predict what's going to happen. Next and because you can recognize and predict what may or may not happen. Next you now have an opportunity to influence and change those patterns and a lot of what we do in our. Advanced.

I'm going to. I'm going to use a weird woo woo word in advanced alchemical practices which reprogramming your subconscious mind is the entry point into it's all about recognizing your patterns and releasing them or modifying them. So that they give you something better. But if you can't recognize the pattern you can't control the pattern does that make sense if if you're with me.

So far type in the type that in the chat okay. Cool excellent all right. So what does pattern recognition and. State.

Control have to do with reprogramming your subconscious mind pretty much everything if you can't control your state somebody outside of you is happy to do it for you the only way to to reprogram your subconscious mind is to intentionally here's that word intentionally alter your state access the control panel that runs everything and type in new instructions now. I'm going to use an imperfect metaph for here for your subconscious mind right. A lot of people like to compare the subconscious mind to a computer okay. And.

I have to be honest in spite of. AI we're way cooler than computers. But there are certain aspects of our nervous system that function like a computer and specifically like a website. So let let me let me give you the metaphor how many people here by a show of hands in the chat have ever logged into a website just type it in just say me if you've ever done that right.

Okay. Nicoa nietta says me me okay. Very com we do this all the time right. Every time we log into our iPhone or every time we log into our email right.

There's a user and when you log into a website when you log into a a dashboard a to get to the the part that makes change you have a username and you have a password true not true right. Altering your state is like the username and password until you alter your state effectively it's very very difficult to change the content of this website we call the human mind does that make sense okay. So one of the things that has to happen is if you've ever now just. I know.

I know none of you ever tried to do this right. I know. I know you would never do something as silly as this. But you ever tried to change um make a change on your website without logging in.

First even by accident no. Right. How'd that work out most of if you're like most people it didn't right. Any change if you made a change the moment you refreshed it was gone right.

For most of us if we want to make a change to the website we have to log in. So the. First thing that has to happen is we need to understand how to log in right. And the the.

First way we do that is behind me. I don't know if you can see it here. But it says if you can point to where you feel it you can change it okay. Now why is why is this true here's the.

First principle. I want you to write down everything human beings do is in response to a feeling it's either a feeling they want more of or a feeling they want a whole lot less of right. Your job is to figure out how to do that for them or how to do that for yourself okay. Every single thing you want to change has a body feeling or a set of body feelings connected to it and each of those body feelings has a location somewhere in or around your body and if you can identify where that is which is very easy by the way and you can point to it you can log into your dashboard and you can change it does that make sense yes.

Or yes. Good now here's the best part about everything. I'm going to teach you tonight you don't have to believe any of it we've spent a long time in. Planet.

David seeking to understand something we all have called the autonomic nervous system okay. The autonomic nervous system is the literal. Crossroads where every form of. Human.

Experience meets and expresses itself and. So we've spent a long time working out how that dashboard works and figuring out how to make change with it. So the best part about tonight is you don't have to believe a single thing that we're going to do together all you have to do believe it or not is follow my instructions do what. I say and the changes will start to take care of thems now that's a pretty big that's a pretty big claim.

But. I'm not going to claim it we're just going to start doing it that's what part three of tonight's webinar is going to be about part three is going to be about showing you how to access this dashboard and beginning to make changes that you can you can calibrate that stick right. My job tonight is to give you a set of foundation principles a set of experiences that show you what's real when you use the system and the steps to get access to the complete system. So that's my goal tonight.

But let's make sure that you guys are in the right. Place okay. So uh. I'm gonna just expand this picture here all right.

So. I'm gonna ask you a bunch of questions okay. And if you can answer yes. To any two of these questions.

Then you're in the right. Place. So how many of you would like to use the power of your subconscious mind to become more attractive charismatic. Charming fascinating and or irresist anybody here want to be more attractive or charismatic type yes.

In the chat or type that's me in the chat how many of you would like to banish fear and insecurity from your life and radiate more confidence be more assertive and you know see yourself as a more of an alpha person in a positive way if that's something you'd like more of for yourself go ahead and type that in the chat how many of you would like to make more money from your job or start or in your business book. More clients for your business get a raise of promotion you know you deserve and just level up your life right. Financially emotionally type yes. In the chat how many of you would like to have the ability to protect yourself from manipulators and easily handle difficult people how many of you would like to do something like that would that be interesting would that be helpful type that to me in the chat how about programming yourself for massive not just.

Financial abundance. But lifestyle abundance free time and and close friends and good family to nail any job interview that you go for to. Inspire your employees or your children or your spouse to do the things you want them to do joyfully if you like to be able to you know know how to put the whammy on people in a positive way these are not the droids you're looking for if any of this sounds remotely interesting please type that's me in the chat okay. If you answered yes.

To any two of these you're in the right. Place okay. Now my promise tonight obviously if this is the scope of everything there is. I got time for this.

So my promise to you tonight again. I will take you as far as. I can and point you in the direction of where to go for more. But tonight.

I want to if you stay until the end of the webinar you will understand the fastest most powerful and direct way to reprogram your mind and body for unlimited success health wealth and happiness you'll learn how to put a dead stop halt to procrastination and self-sabotage you'll learn how to remove other blocks to your success how to get rid of negative emotions fear pain and all kinds of limiting beliefs. Finally you're going to get the exact steps you need to go from interesting information to maximum transformation in minimum time that's my goal that's my promise to you okay. To do that we're going to talk about several things tonight we're going to talk about the two most important factors for. Success it's not what you think well maybe it is right.

We're going to talk about the rules of the. Mind the ones they didn't tell you about like if you've read the book. Like the secret or something like that that's only part of the part of the puzzle if you don't understand how your mind works. Then it will work against you uh 50% of the time okay.

So we're going to talk about the rules of the. Mind the ones they didn't tell you about in all the other books we're going to talk about something. I like to call body centered energy psychology and this is again it's going to teach you the. Dynamics of your autonomic nervous system from a functional reprogramming standpoint.

So that you can start taking control of your mind and body right. Now today okay. We're going to teach you secrets for programming your future and clearing your past. So that you can.

Finally take control and get the life you want the way that you want it uh inside now starting today does that sound like a plan that sounds like a plan to you go ahead and type that in the chat okay. Excellent very good all right. So let's uh. I'm going to switch uh tax here and uh maybe.

I'll make maybe. I'll make this a little bigger because. I'm having trouble seeing all right. So let's talk about something that's really really important remember.

I mentioned. State. Control right. So the.

First thing that has to happen when we're going to begin to reprogram our subconscious mind is we have to learn to control our state now there's different types of. State control that we teach at. Planet. David tonight's all about accessing your system part of that process is going to to be learning how to dialogue with the different divisions of your nervous system for example the words you're hearing right.

Now and the things you're thinking about right. Now are not being process they're being processed by multiple levels of your nervous system. But the part of you that's thinking in words that is your central nervous. Sy your brain and spinal cord.

So to speak okay. There's a much larger um. I want to say division. But it's really all of you there's a much more.

Primal part of you that controls your heartbeat your breathing your your hormone balances all those things we call that your autonomic nervous system right. We have the sympathetic and the parasympathetic now. If. This.

Were. A trauma. Workshop. I'd be talking a lot more about those things.

But let's talk about what happens inside your mind okay. Inside your mind there's a series of experiences that you have your neurology creates a set of very very full very dense movies and it creates body feelings and. Then conscious mind puts an interpretation or a spin on that the problem that we have is that the part of you that creates a lot of your limiting beliefs that uh generates fear in certain situations is not your central nervous system it's not the part of your brain that thinks in words are you guys with me. So far this might get a little heady.

But if you're with me just type. I'm with you in the chat okay. So there's two types of. State control that we're going to play with we're going to talk about volitional.

State control or cognitive. State control and physiological. State. Control now in my in my five-day certifications and trainings we devote an entire day sometimes a day and a half to nothing.

But. State control. So you come out of those trainings a full. State.

Control. Jedi. Master and if there was a. Jedi skill that you could cultivate and learn to use the force with in.

Planet. David it would be it would be. State control the problem that we have is that if we're not willing and ready to control our state the environment will always do it for us okay. Now.

First thing that has to happen is remember you don't need to believe anything. I'm about to tell you all you have to do is follow the instructions. So the. First thing.

I want to talk about is uh think of it like cleansing the emotional pallet right. Um just just. So understand you guys better. I want you to check in with your body right.

Now and if there were a word associated with how you're feeling emotionally right. Now what would it be type it in the chat for me relax strong happy stagnant okay. Tense excellent re ready learning. Perfect all right.

Good now here's the secret to a lot of our state control work when we teach. State control the. First thing you learn is what we call physiological. State control for every psycho emotional state that you can experience there is a corresponding breathing pattern and.

Physiology that allows it to manifest. So we're going to have an experience together right. Now and the reason. I want you to.

I wanted you to check in with um with your body is because. I we have when we're going to do any kind of body language work or profiling work or whatever we have to keep we have to create a baseline we have to say. Okay. This is where.

I'm at this is what's changed does that make sense. So we're going to do a state control exercise. First and going forward whenever you're going to do any kind of cleansing work or healing work or manifestation work the. First thing.

I want you to do is intentionally change your state okay. And here's the state we want to have. I want you to be as playful laidback and easygoing as humanly possible that is a very very empowering state for you to be in right. The more serious you get the more tense you be get the more.

Focus you get right. Where you're trying to clench your mind around something that actually holds hold you back from accessing your other than conscious mind or your autonomic nervous system there's a one of one of the. First rules of the mind that we're going to talk about as we venture into this is called the law of unconscious response and the way this works is the more you try to consciously will your other than conscious mind to do something the more the less of a response you get from it or as is often the case you get the opposite of what you're trying to get. So how many of you have ever had trouble sleeping type it in the chat anybody how many of you have done what.

So how many of you have ever tried to will yourself to go to sleep how did that work out how did that work out nightmare right. Exactly. So the secret the secret to accessing your unconscious mind is to stop using your will the secret to accessing your unconscious mind is to become as playful as humanly possible and imagine things play pretend your imagination is stronger than your will okay. How many um just.

So. I understand you guys a little better how many of you guys are energy workers any energy workers in here okay. We have one someone okay. All right.

So here's how here's what. I was taught and in hypnosis we learned. First and foremost that when the imagination and the will are in. Conflict imagination wins remember imagin willpower is a finite resource that's really going to be important.

Later on. So you might want to write that down willpower is a finite resource it can be depleted imagination not. So much in fact one of the. First things that happens is when your willpower checks out your imagination turns on and it's not always to your benefit.

So if you want to be really powerful at programming your subconscious you have to be you have to become a master of imagination you have it's in the. Bible. Jesus said be as little children the more you play pretend and there's the hack the more you can play pretend fully and completely like when you were a 5-year-old the more powerfully you can influence your autonomic nervous system the more powerfully you can influence your subconscious mind okay. But the.

First thing that has to happen is you have to get your body under control and if you're not willing to take steps to control your psycho emotional state there's a lot of three-letter agencies out there well funded well trained happy to do it for you okay. So the. First thing we're going to do is we're going to play with our imagination and our bodies we're going to learn about physiological. State control.

So how many of you just for fun can feel good for no. Reason how many. Paul says yes. Kenneth okay.

Good good good all right. So this should be fun for you guys. So. I want you everybody.

So now if you're driving don't do this okay. If you're driving don't do this. But if you're in a in a place where you won't be disturbed people won't look. At you weird right.

I want you to go ahead and stand up okay. I want you to close your eyes. And check in with your body and. I want you by the way um open your eyes.

For just a. Second. U. I'm going to ask you a set of questions that you're going to want to answer don't break the drill to answer the question to to type the question in type the question after we're done with the exercise okay.

So if. I say uh try to bring try to feel bad or try to feel good and notice what happens instead. I want you to just have the experience and. Then when.

I say okay. Exercise is done. Then. I want you to type your answers in the chat okay.

Don't break your drill to answer the question right. There'll be a time and a place for that. So. I want you okay.

Everybody stand up. I want you to close your eyes. I want you to fly back on the wings of time to a time in your life when you saw something that you really really really really wanted. I mean on a scale of.

Z to 10 it was like a lust factor of 20 and when you saw that thing and you realized you wanted it you made a decision that you were going to get this thing no. Matter what and you made a plan and you put that plan into operation and no. Matter what obstacles got in your way you went over around and through and suddenly one day you looked up and boom you nailed it home run. I want you to remember that moment of.

Victory. I want you to see what you were seeing in that moment. I want you to hear what you were. Hearing in that moment.

I want you to smell and taste what you were smelling and tasting in that moment. I want you to notice as you do that a bunch of feelings start to come up of being. Victorious. I want you to stand the way you are standing in that moment of.

Victory breathe the way you were breathing and here's what. I want you to do. I want you to just be fully immersed in that posture fully immersed in that breathing pattern in fact if there were color connected to that feeling what color would it be for you breathe a big ball of that energy through your entire being let it fill you up like water fills up a bottle like fluid fills up a test tube like hot air or helium fills up a balloon anchor it in. So fully.

So completely no. Force in the universe can turn it off and lock that into your posture lock that into your breathing when you know you've got that. I want you to keep your posture and your breathing exactly the way it is right. Now in that moment of.

Victory. But what. I want you to do is summon up your willpower and without changing a single thing about the way you're standing without changing a single thing about the way you're breathing try to feel bad and notice what happens instead when you're aware of what's happening what's trying to happen what's happening instead stop trying to feel bad let that good feelings come rushing even stronger into your life open your eyes. And type in the chat what you noticed when you tried to feel bad.

Paul says he couldn't do it wait you couldn't do it anybody else lydy says she started laughing. John says it didn't happen. Kenneth says. I forgot.

I was supposed to feel bad. So wait a minute you mean all. I have to do to stop feeling bad is change my posture change my breathing and remember to hold it yeah pretty much that's the secret that's the foundation of physiological. State control.

Chris says she couldn't do it right. Body said no. Now how many of you when you tried when you when you summoned your willpower and tried to feel bad how many of you noticed your body wanted to shift its posture and or its breathing to accommodate the will anybody noticed that yes. Or yes.

Okay. That's the only thing when it comes to physiological. State control that you have to manage when you assume a certain posture that has that's connected to a certain emotional state in order order for your body to express a different emotional state it has to change its physiology it has to change its orientation in space and it has to change the breathing now some states and you'll learn this in killer influence and and uh the basic the more advanced trainings are very subtle there's just slight differences from one state to another. But the big thing to remember and this is this is the most important thing for you guys tonight your physiology controls your.

Psych pschology let me say that a couple more times your physiology controls your psychology for every psycho emotional state that you experience your posture and your breathing will shift either a lot or very subtly okay. Has anybody noticed that there's been a an an over the past couple of decades there's been a significant rise in uh the levels of depression people are experiencing anybody notice that okay. So. I'm curious what's the body language of depression what's the body language of depression look.

Like slumping down looking down slump posture head hunched over computer oh. So you mean well let's find out um actually. I got. I want there's.

I want to teach you the whole curriculum and. I can't there there like four or five more drills. I want to give you for this. But think about the average posture of somebody on a cell phone right.

Isn't this isn't this the language the body language of depression. But. I put a cell phone in my hand right. Now this is my theory there may be scientists out there who can refute this.

But this is what. I have observed when you use a device like this it triggers a neurotransmitter release of dopamine in your body that gives you a good feeling an anticipation of reward. But this body language triggers depression it triggers depression. So what you've got is an addictive substance balancing out your depression until you put it down and now you've got this habit can you guys put two and two together what can you what can you extrapolate from that okay.

Now. I'm not saying we shouldn't use our technology. But when was the. Last time you saw people walking around like this you see it's it's we don't have to stop using our devices we just have to use them a little differently right.

So if you want to be a master of your own mind and body you must learn to control your posture okay. We're going to do one more quick drill just to to kind of cement this idea home now in our in our everyday life we're taught that our psychology controls our physiology and that's true enough to be true if you are one of several categories a you are an an elite athlete you are a special forces trained operative you are a highlevel meditator. Buddhist monk um or some kind of. First responder and even the.

First. Responders not always. So much you see those kinds of people receive special training to that allow a yogi for example they have special training that allows them to integrate. Mind and.

Body in such a way that they can exert influence over the physiology for the average human being who has no. Special training your default is going to be the meat controls the mind until you train it better and if that's how human beings are going to default we need to take control of that from the ground up now the best part is if you learn this physiology controls psychology you can become instantly resourceful less afraid more confident more outgoing more charismatic in seconds if not if minutes if not seconds. But it has to start with the physiology you've got to get your physiology out of chaos or out of the the the unresourceful configuration to be able to do the work okay. How many of people here by a show of hands do have ever done something called affirmations anybody okay.

If you know my if you if you know this if you know this tactic don't ruin it how many of you by sure be honest right. Be honest how many of you when it's coming when it comes to yet to affirmations wait until you're in a shitty mood to start doing affirmations like you're feeling down you're feeling depressed you start doing affirmations to make yourself feel better anybody oh good we have two people who said no. I don't know that. I believe you.

But that's all right. All right. What happens with most people is when they're going to to do affirmations which is just writing out statements um is because they're already in a negative state they're not in a resourceful. State and they start writing these things out.

So anything that anything they write down is going to be passed through those negative emotions and it takes a good long while many times for your state to change. But if you just used regular affirmations. But you did the state control drill. First you would get a better result from your unconscious mind you guys following me on this control your state before you do anything else control your state before you do do anything else and here's the rub the more playful and imaginative and absorbed in the process you can be the better it works okay.

Now let's talk about uh some other rules of the mind that we need to talk about one of the things that you're going to want to do is clear up anybody here want to clear up some crap from their lives yes. Or yes. Oh yes. Nicoletta says right.

You want to clear up some crap okay. If you want to clear up some stuff you have two sets of stuff that you need to clean up there's the things you know about and the things you don't know you know about okay. There's a part of you that's very aware of certain things. But there's another part of you that's buried below the threshold of conscious awareness where the source behind the things you're aware of are stored you need to figure out a way to get to those things in the most direct way possible does that make sense okay.

Now once again. I have whole systems devoted to this stuff. So. I.

I don't have time to teach you every. Nuance of the system. But what. I will do is.

I will start to move you in that direction. I will give you the foundations that you need and some actionable stuff that you can start unlocking things right. So the. First one is everything human beings do is in response to a feeling a feeling they want more of or a feeling they want a whole lot less of if you can point to where you feel it you can change it before you do any work you got to control your state okay.

You guys with me. So far okay. The. Next thing you need to do is you need to know how to dialogue with your autonomic nervous system in other words your central nervous system the part that's hearing my words and hearing my voice in your head and thinking in words that part of you needs to know how to communicate with the nonlinguistic part part of you because the part of you that controls your heartbeat your blood pressure your your immune system it doesn't speak.

English it speaks the language of sensation and that's the problem because when your unconscious mind spits up a sensation your conscious mind assigns a story to it that may or may not have anything to do with the sensation the conscious mind looks at the context the environment it asks have we ever felt the way before when did we feel that oh that must be what this means and that's the story it assigns to it okay. So we need to understand one basic principle your autonomic nervous system communicates differently than your central n i i shouldn't. I shouldn't say autonomic versus. C s let's let's be a little bit more brainy let's talk about the three layers of your brain you see you have the you have the brain stem and the the.

Paleo cortex you have the lyic system and. Then you have what we call the neocortex or the new layer this new layer is the part that uses the words the lyic system and the brain stem are the feeling centers the sensation centers. But there's a there's a a disparity between these two parts of your brain and this other part it's going to take all the sensations and all the emotions that are generated in the. First two layers and the conscious mind is going to write a story around it okay.

And that story about 75% of the time unless other information comes in will be negative we have this negativity bias in our nervous system how many people ever heard have heard me talk about negativity bias anybody type it in the chat okay. So remember and the book. You want to reference for this by the way is called um the power of bad by. Dr.

Roy balme and uh. I forget the other gentleman's name who wrote it uh. Jeff fiser. I think is his name.

I could. I could be wrong about his. First name. But.

I think his. Last name is fiser um it's really an important book. To understand um what your brain is predisposed to do without any influence any other influence this is what your brain will do right. Unless you you do something different.

So for. So let's just summarize this real quick let's say you experience a good thing in your life right. A good thing happens your brain assigns a gravity a score of one to that single good event you guys with me. So far one bad thing happens to you your brain assigns a gravity of four to that one event.

So your nervous system has a weighted. B uh measurement for every one thing that happens that's bad you get four four checks for every one good thing that happens you get one. So your nervous system tend always tends unless acted upon by some other method to skew negative now what does that really mean well for one thing. I.

I don't know if you guys have noticed. But. I have this this. YouTube channel anybody noticed that right.

Now. I don't know if you've ever noticed. But when you have a a channel like on. YouTube or social media everybody loves you everybody tells you all these wonderful things they tell you how truthful you are and and how how authentic and does that happen the answer is no.

It doesn't right. So you get people from time to time who post less than positive things things. So. I was reading in this book.

About the power of bad how you have you sign a a gravity of four to one. So. I went through my. YouTube channel and.

I looked for one negative comment and. Then. I started looking at all the positive comments to see how many positive comments. I needed to actually look.

At before. I started to feel neutral and. Then better and it was about four or five right. So that's one of the weird ways that.

I test this because you not everybody's complimentary right. Everybody wants my attention some way. So here's my point it's a suck ratio. But it's something you can work with.

So for every one less than positive thing that happens you need to intentionally find four good things to balance if you want to skew more positive find six good things find eight good things right. Does that make sense if you're with me go ahead and type that makes sense in the chat okay. Good all right. So those are some little tidbits to help you control your state all right.

Remember that if you if you have people in your. Social. Circle who are inherently negative this is the data. I'm not telling you what to do.

But the negative people will actually do more damage to you than the good you will do for them in study after study after study when you brought a an underperforming employee or person into a group of high-. Performing individuals the rationale being well these good people will level this this less than. POS this less than productive person up the science shows differently that that underperforming or that negative person actually pulls theot the top performers down. So one of the most important things that you can do is control who you choose to spend the majority of your time with this is how it was taught to me by my my spiritual teachers your friends are stronger than your will your friends are stronger than your will okay.

Now. I'm not going to tell you what to do. But. I want you to understand that these these are things that you're not you you're not just going to go away on their own right.

If you want to really take control of your unconscious mind. Then you have to be willing to take control not just of your your nervous system you have to be willing to take control of your environment and the people in your life because those people will impact you far more than a single webinar that. I give you long term because your friends like your imagination is stronger than your will does that make sense right. It's not it's not an easy thing.

I know it's not easy right. But it is something that we as a as a family need to really we don't have to like it we don't have to like it. But it is something we have to accept and work with okay. All right.

So let's talk about the actual process of dialoguing with your other than conscious mind. So. I'm going to um we're going to talk about let me find it really quick. I want.

I'm. G to show. I'm going to put this on the screen and. I want you guys to take a screenshot of it okay.

We're going to talk about how to dialogue with your unconscious mind okay. Okay. So can you guys all see this oops you can my uh my slider is not working right. Move over here right.

Can you guys see this um let oh boy okay. All right. Maybe uh maybe. I won't be doing this nope.

I guess. I'm not all right. You're gonna have to write this down. So six dynamics of an unconscious response one unconscious mind always answers.

First write that down subconscious mind always answers. First. So when. I ask the unconscious mind a question the.

First thing that pops into my head is the right. Answer even if it doesn't make sense okay. Unconscious mind always answers. First it always answers honestly always feels like you're making it up you always have an urge to edit what just came up let's try this again here we go all right.

Always answers. First usually non-verbally always answers honestly always feels like you're making it up you always have an urge to edit what just came up it's never loud it's never linear okay. Yeah well the problem was my the the the text box that it was in was was off the the chart it's it's better now. So take a screenshot of this because from this moment on whenever you're going to do any kind of work on yourself any kind of work on yourself these are the rules that you have to follow.

So if. I ask somebody um go back to the very. First scene situation or event that is the source the beginning the root cause of. XYZ problem now they may have come in about a breakup that happened when they were in their 30s right.

That you know they're they're almost there's five years. Later they still can't get over it they think problem is about the breakup. But when you go and you dialogue with the subconscious mind and you say go back to the very. First seen situation or event that is the source the beginning the root cause.

First thing that pops up is he's five years old or she's five years old in her in her family living room with watching her parents argue and the. First thing that happens is uh the unconscious mind goes well that can't be right. I'd must be making that up right. So these are the two things that screw us up that's your conscious mind trying to edit the information okay.

So oops let me move this over. So your unconscious mind always answers. First. So the.

First thing that pops up even if it doesn't make sense is the right. Answer your unconscious mind will always answer you honestly what does that mean notice. I did not write factual you see your unconscious mind records information based on what it perceives. So when you ask it where certain things started or what color something would be it's going to give you what it feels and holds to be true it may be factually completely different from the thing that actually happened.

But that doesn't matter what matters is what your autonomic nervous system your subconscious mind recorded and inferred and perceived in that moment because that's what's keeping you stuck. So your unconscious mind when you talk to it will always answer you. First it will always answer honestly when it does that the. First thing that happens is your neocortex that thinking part of you says oh.

I. I'm just making that up well no. You're not. But you got to understand something that the part of you that controls your long-term memory the part that controls your emotions the part of you that regulates your system is also the part that makes things up and.

So there will be a similar feeling to it okay. And you'll always have an urge to edit that because something will pop up your. NE cortex will say oh that can't be right. And you'll create a this is what it actually meant the moment you find yourself hearing that that can't be right.

Or this is what it means or those kinds of things you're spiraling off into a narrative that is moving you away from the core issue and. So you as an operator you as someone who is going to be self-actualizing you need to understand that whatever comes up. First is is the. Trail of breadcrumbs you need to follow okay.

Now a lot of times the information you get uh if you look. At the the screenshot you have always feels made up always have an urge to edit which is made up never loud never linear what is that mean it means that a lot we we have a saying in the in the personal development world the conscious mind. Shout the subconscious mind. Whispers right.

So many times these true things that come up from your autonomic nervous system will have a faint uh quiet or far away quality to them and the reason for that isn't because they're weak the reason for that is because they're deep they're deep in the autonomic nervous system they're deep inside the viscer and the fascia right. And they're just waiting to be released right. And a lot of times the information when you like. I said the guy comes in for 35 at 35 years of old he thinks something happened five years before all of a sudden he's five he's a five-year-old again and that's where the true problem started your unconscious mind always knows where the problem started.

But you have to ask it the right. Way. But not only must you ask it the right. Way you've got to be able to interpret how it answers you in the right.

Way if you try to apply the way you and. I are talking now to the community unication style of your unconscious mind you're going to go chasing uh chasing squirrels are you with me if you're with me. I just gave you a lot of stuff really quick type that in the chat okay. Okay.

Good all right. So let's play a little bit okay. So the. First thing.

I want us to do is. I want to talk about beliefs all right. Now. I told you before that there are beliefs you know about and beliefs you don't right.

A lot of times we we can start to get a glimpse into how to find those beliefs we don't know we have when we're doing affirmations if. I'm doing an affirmation and. I have this really positive feeling up front. But in the back of my mind or somewhere in my body there's this little icky.

Naggy uh yucky sensation how many of you ever experienced that where they're doing they're trying to talk positive tosel or they're trying to write affirmations down and every time they do that there's this like icky. Naggy feeling in the background okay. Paul says no. Reard says indeed lydy says yes.

Nietta says true okay. Congratulations you've just found beliefs you didn't know you had you see the only way that we can find a belief we didn't know we had is when it gets provoked one of the fastest ways to provoke the limiting beliefs is to try and give yourself a belief that's opposite to it. So a lot of us a lot of us want to be wealthy anybody here want to be wealthy exactly and a lot of us think that we're okay. With that we're okay.

With being wealthy we're okay. With being abundant until we start giving ourselves affirmations or suggestions for becoming wealthy. Then all of a sudden any program that we have that's below the threshold conscious awareness starts to activate because you're provoking it right. And it either has to go or it has to take over are you are you guys with me.

So far it's getting kind of it's getting kind of heavy all right. So what. I want to do in part three of tonight's webinar is. I want to show you several things a.

I want to show you how to clear up the beliefs you didn't even know you had. But to do that. I have to show you how to find them does that make sense type it in the chat okay. The.

Next thing. I want to do in part three is. I want to give you some very specific tools for clearing those limiting beliefs or clearing those blocks to your success is that okay. Okay.

What we're going to do now is we're going to change tracks a little bit we're going to talk about how many of you by a show of hands or that's me in the chat would like to be able to tap into. Unstoppable motivation and desire whenever you need it anybody okay. Cool how many of you who are in business or lead teams or groups would like to be able to get people fired up and motivated and enthusiastic and wanting to do what you want them to do for the and and thank you for the opportunity anybody all right. If that's the case you're going to love this.

Next drill right. We're going to talk about something. I've call. I've come to call the emotional bonding checklist now the emotional bonding checklist has two variations they both are built the same way.

But one is a process you use with other people another one is a process you do with s to motivate you to get what you really want okay. Now at the beginning of today's webinar. I said something very very important to you. I said to you that everything human beings do is in response to a feeling a feeling they either want more of or a feeling they want a whole lot less of you guys remember me saying that okay.

What we're going to do right. Now is we're going to learn how to tap into your emotional needs we're going to tap into your drivers your. TR your personal truths from going for the things you really want is that okay. Can we do that okay.

So let me find my page all right. So when you signed up for tonight's webinar you all had an idea a dream a vision if you will of what you wanted to do with the by as a byproduct of tonight's training yes. If that's true type that in the chat you had in your mind a picture yes. Okay.

I want you to get out your piece of paper. I'll see if. I can mimic this with you want you to get out your piece of paper and on the top of that paper. I want you to write what.

I want to buy what. I want to get from tonight's training right. And. I want you to to to in a in a one or two sentences go with the.

First impressions. First words that pop up in your mind what do you want from tonight's training what write down what the goal once you have the techniques from tonight what is it you're going to be able to achieve. I want you to write that down you could say. What's.

It. Gonna what's tonight's webinar going to do for you right. And. I want you to answer that question underneath that.

I want you to write another question okay. So when you've done with the. First step. I need to refresh you guys see me okay.

Yes. Okay. Okay. Good all right.

So the. Next question there's only two questions in the there's only two questions that we're going to keep repeating through this process. But we're going to go three or four layers deep. I'm gonna.

I'm going to put up a screenshot for you. So here's a screenshot of what we're doing okay. Okay. So can everybody see the the sheet that says emotional motivation checklist.

So. I want you to write at the top of your sheet what did you what did you want from tonight's webinar type on the sheet write what you want to take away from this what you want to be able to do as a byproduct of tonight's training okay. And. I want you to write that in.

So maybe uh let me see if. I can this without screwing things up maybe what. I want from tonight's webinar is. I want to create a sixf figureure business right.

Right. That's what. I want what's that going to do for you it's going to give me um. Financial.

Security right. Then we're. GNA ask. Then we're going to take that question okay.

Well if you got. Financial. Security what's important about. Financial.

Security and you're going to answer the question now. I'm using this as an example that's going to give me freedom to enjoy my life okay. Here we go okay. And if.

I had freedom to enjoy my life ultimately if. I had the freedom to enjoy my life what's important about that well. I'm going to be happy. So let's look.

At this again. So what. I want as a byproduct from tonight's training. Financial.

Security or uh sixf figureure business that's going to give me. Financial. Security because that's what's important about it right. Remember use your exact words for this if.

I had. Financial. Security what's that going to do for me it's gonna allow me to be happy. So as you're going through this checklist okay.

You should be feeling emotions now. I'm not going to ask ask you what the answers to your question were some of you may be here for romantic reasons some of you may be here for financial reasons some of you may be here for lifestyle reasons some of you may be here for medical reasons right. It doesn't matter what we want to know is what's important to you about the training tonight and getting the systems tonight that we're teaching you what's important to you about that what's it going to do for you and if you got that thing what's important to you about that and if you got that ultimately what's important to you about that okay. So we call this the emotional motivation checklist and the way that you know that you're doing it right.

Is if you're getting more emotional the deeper down you you drill okay. So when you're all done with that when you're all done with your qu with your sheet go ahead and type done in the chat we move on to the. Next phase. Richard.

Cooper says love this love you back. Richard okay. Now here's the secret you can you do this on yourself for yourself and it gets you very very clear on your purpose when you do this with prospective clients employees team members family members they become very very driven to follow the urge how many of you are starting to want these things more and more and more the more you think about it the more you talk about it true or not true niceta says yes. Lyy says yes.

That's my point okay. Now. But we're. But all we did was write them down all we did was write them down now what we're going to do is.

I want you to hold it up at about a 45 degree angle or eye level right. And all. I want you to do check in with your body right. Now notice where where your emotions are and.

I want you to go ahead and read only the answers to the questions you just fix you just answered just read those out loud five times just read them out loud with you know. Gusto and vigor right. Five five times and when you've done that type done in the chat. Paul says yes.

Done. Zoom. YouTubers are fast all right. Franchesco says done done okay.

What changed you guys. Fired. Up. Now sense of fulfillment very good all right.

How do you you guys ready for more motivation right. Okay. That being said the risk of giving you guys a cliffhanger hit me again doc all right. With your permission.

I told you. I was going to show you. I was going to share with you bits and pieces of the system. I was going to show you and give you experiences um that would allow you to understand where you're going and.

Then. I would show you how to level it up and get access to the complete system are you guys ready to learn how to do that yes. Or yes. Okay.

Very good. So without further. Ado and with your permission because that's always about permission. I want to share with you something that.

I put together and this is when my when my. Administrative. Assistant saw what. I had planned for you guys tonight she almost swallowed her tongue.

But. I think you guys will like it. I really think. So uh with your permission.

I'd like to share with you the secrets of. Personality transformation ultr mind control training for. Success home study course now this is a super package. I put together that will integrate all the elements that you've experienced.

So far and take you even further my goal here is to make sure that you have all the tools and the trainings that you need to move your life forward. So the secrets of. Personality transformation package is all about leveling up your life it's about taking your life to the. Next level it's going to quickly and easily help you become more uh make more money become more attractive successful it'll remove blocks to your success it'll allow you to become more confident instantly it'll help you to help more people and to become powerful in every aspect of your life where you may be feeling less than powerful as a byproduct of that training you're going to become instantly more.

Charming charismatic and irresistible it's just something that happens as you start to level up your unconscious mind and your self-image okay. So here's what we put together now this offer is good today. June 25th uh 2024 until 11:59 p.m. after that maybe not right. The secrets of.

Personality transformation starts with a 14 video course that teaches you what we call the seven stage identity by design process. So one of the things. I'll be sharing with you in part three of this webinar are some selected techniques from this system that are specifically targeted to show you how to remove blocks to success you didn't even know you had how to clear beliefs um that are outside of conscious awareness how to clear blocks that go away and come back like you thought you got rid of it and all of a sudden it's back we'll show you how to fix that in this course we're going to teach you how to remove the negative voices in your head that hold you back uh the voices that tell you all the reasons why you shouldn't go for something why you don't deserve to have something uh and that makes you feel bad about yourself we're going to show you in the course how you change that voice to it becomes your ultimate cheerleader. So that becomes the voice that builds you up inspires you motivates you protects you forgives you for all wrongs real or imagine and just loves you unconditionally when.

I when. I run people through this exercise um in the uh in the in the identity by. Design program there's not a dry eye in the place it is. So moving and.

So transformational everything shifts you're going to learn how to do that as part of this program okay. Uh we're going to install in you uh four pillars of success we're going to teach you how to install in your mind and in your body four default driver. States there's four states that we discovered are like the building blocks of success. Triumph.

Victorious or. Triumph and victory is one curiosity playfulness and relentlessness if you have these on tap you can write your own ticket in this world the problem with a lot of positive. State programming is that it tends to make you stop and smell the roses and that was the problem that we had is that like joy and comfort there's an old saying that um comfort zones are wonderful places. But nothing ever grows there.

So when. I was designing this phase of your training. I had to sit back and say okay. Are there any positive states that when you engage in them you start taking more actions not less and.

I came up with four that. I thought you know that. I that. I've noticed that all high levels of achievers possess in some proportion the.

First one is relentlessness every every. High achiever. I know regardless of what life they're use they're doing they're. Relentless in their pursuit of that you don't need to be smart you don't need to be talented you don't need to be gifted what you need to be successful in your life to overcome any obstacle that gets in your way is the quality of relentlessness and that's one of the very.

First ones we're going to program into you we're going to make you. Unstoppable we're. GNA show you and you're. G to make yourself unstoppably.

Relentless in our live trainings. I'll put you through this process right. Uh it's really powerful. Then we're going to teach you how to install.

Straits like playfulness and curiosity because these are states that naturally make you want to go and explore to look. For options to look. For greater information when you combine that with relentlessness you've got a powerful onew combination and. Then of course whenever you feel.

Victorious whenever you feel like a winner you instantly your your um your testosterone goes up your cortisol drops and you become much more willing to take an action or stand up for yourself. So these are the four super traits that we want to install in you and build as your foundation for moving through the world seeing the world through that lens and that's what stage four of the identity by. Design. Silo is okay.

Then we're going to go and we're going to systematically remove all the energy the negative energy from your past memories and give them to your positive memories. So that when you look. Back on the past you only remember the past in ways that make your life better what if we go back and just destroy all your negative memories and make your positive ones even stronger would that be fun would that you think that might change your life a little bit that's phase five. Then we're going to take all of those processes uh clearing the unconsciously held negative emotions and beliefs removing the unconscious safety rules that are keeping you stuck the negative voices in your head the four pillars of irresistible personal power sanitization of the negative past memories we're going to take all that and we're going to install it at the.

DNA level as a filter that runs throughout your entire nervous system. So that moving forward anytime you encounter a situation circumstance or event that used to trigger you in the old way it's impossible to affect you the same way ever again okay. That's phase uh six or seven and seven phase seven is where we take the traits qualities and characteristics of people you truly admire and we teach you how to hard to program those into your nervous system. So you can acquire and amplify those traits and attributes for yourself.

So let's say that for some reason you want to be a great tennis player right. Well you can find the person who you think you whose traits and skills you most admire go through a very simple process and install their neurology into your mirror neurons as a template for you to follow let's say you have somebody you know who's a great hypnotist right. And you want to be able to hypnotize people like this person does right. You can go and do this.

DTI process we call it the magic circle and you can install at a neurological level a template that allows you to become and express those qualities and skills. So this is called the identity by design process okay. Uh we'll also teach. I think this course also teaches you some instant and.

Rapid inductions it talks about energy spinning. Magic. Frame color. B breathing there's a lot of really powerful techniques in here.

But this whole program is something that you can do by yourself for yourself that's what that's what personality transformation is all about um we also have a separate training called the identity by. Design training where you can learn to do this for money for other people. So total value on this is $2,497 and. But there's more we're gonna we're not done yet okay.

If you grab your your course now you grab your package now before. I sign off the webinar you're going to get some of these really cool bonuses and. I think you'll really enjoy this because this again. I put a lot of thought into this program and the people who have it are absolutely.

Blown. Away by the changes that it's wrough in their life. So. First and foremost we're actually going to give you a copy of the original identity by.

Design hypnotherapy training program now this is a program that's designed for you to take your identity by. Design skills to take your hypnosis skills and use them with clients to earn a living or to make extra money right. It's going to teach you how to result how to hypnotize people anytime anywhere under any circumstance for any reason it's going to allow you to remove the negativity from their lives some they didn't even know they had how to keep things that uh they're going to have memories that go away and come back or or problems that go away and come back we're going to show you how to troubleshoot those and fix them once and for all we're going to teach you how to change the voices inside other people's heads. So that it builds them up instead of tearing them down we're going to teach you how to install the default driver state.

So that your clients can have access to any emotional state on demand any time they want we'll show you step by step by step how to build and install those into your clients. So that they're hardwired for. Success okay. We're going to teach you how to uh change their internal dialogue.

I talked about that how to remove the negativity from their past. So that when they look. Back on the past they only remembered in ways that make their life better okay. We're also going to teach you the secret to instant and rapid induction.

C color breathing. Magic. Frame spinning you're going to get introduced to your. First regression technique called the gift if you ever want to see what that looks like we have several.

U copies of the gift on our. YouTube channel and people's lives just completely change from that one technique we'll talk about instant we'll talk a little bit about conversational atosis talk about the acceptance rejection projection connection how to cons how to uh consult with clients how to screen them to make sure that they're the right. Clients for you again this is for people who actually want to make money doing hypnosis right. And a very specific set of hypnosis okay.

So $1,497 value comes with a complete manual we're going to give this to you absolutely free because we want you to have all the tools we want you to see the same material from different perspectives. So you can figure out the approach that works best for you total combined value is. I think that's. I think that number is wrong on a.

Second let me uh let me redo my math [Music] here plus 24 the total is actually 39.94 not uh not 29.94. So pardon my my typo there. I didn't even realize that was there um hidden. Laws of.

Attraction we're going to include to you now one of the things that we talked about we talked a lot about affirmations today because one of the things a lot of people want to use their unconscious mind for as the ability to manifest the things they want well we're going to include with you the extension of the identity by design process and this is called hidden. Laws of. Attraction mind magic and manifestation. Made.

Easy and this is a program that is designed to teach you how to tap into the powers of your subconscious mind to create and manifest anything you want. So we're going to show you how to tap into the powers of your subconscious mind to remove blocks to your manifestation success how to get rid of blocks that go away and keep coming back how we're going to teach you two of the most powerful manifestation engines we've ever discovered color breathing and uh and image cycling and image cycling has allowed us to and my students to manifest patently um impossible things my whole doctorate was actually an aspect of the. Law of. Attraction we're going to teach you a powerful new.

Yin information affirmation method that actually works with the way your subconscious mind is programmed to create beliefs. So that it. Taps into uh unre un uh unknown reserves of energy and motivation in fact we're going to do a little bit of that in part three of tonight's webinar. So you can see where you're going with it we're going to teach you how to install the traits qualities and characteristics of naturally lucky people this is really cool in the identity by.

Design and personality transformation. I told you guys that you could take the traits qualities and attributes of people you admire and and hardwire burn those into your nervous system in. Hidden. Laws of.

Attraction we're going to cover something even cooler well. I think it's cooler you you might your your point of view might differ we're gonna tell you that there are they're going to teach you how to install into your mind and body the five psychological characteristics that all naturally lucky people have. Psychology today and some some other researchers did a study and they discovered that naturally lucky people have certain psychological attributes that are dominant in their personality and when uh and these five characteristics can shift your reticular activating system that's the part of your brain that pays attention to the outside world and decides what is important to you and what isn't that when you install these traits your reticular activating system changes its priorities and it starts magnetizing you and pulling your attention towards lucky beneficial uh scenes and situations right. They took.

A a group group of people and they divided it up into three groups you had naturally lucky people you had average people and you had people who classified themselves as unlucky they rented out a restaurant and because it was a controlled study they put a 20 pound note on the floor they filled the entire restaurant with actors and they sent the lucky people in and they want they counted how long it took. Them for people to see the 20. PB note on the floor okay. And by and large every single one of them found the 20.

PB note in like seconds. Then they sent the average people in and you can probably extrapolate about half of them maybe give or take found the 20 pound note the other half didn't see it walk right. By it as far as we can tell the. Unlucky people are still looking for the restaurant okay.

I make a little bit of a joke there. But one of the things that you need to understand is that lucky people see the the same world you do. But they see it differently and when you install and you amplify these traits you start becoming magnetized to things that are all around you that lead to. Greater outcomes okay.

So we're going to give you this absolutely free if you grab your package today uh it's hidden. Laws of. Attraction it's a $1,497 value and the total bonus on this is going to be okay. That one's right.

$5,499. So yeah. So it was only that one slide that was off all right. Then we're going to give you something a little different one of the things that has to happen is in in uh how many of you are familiar with uh something called pickup and pickup artist pickup.

Artistry or or uh. Dating. Game anybody ever hear that type in the chat if you've heard of that okay. Well in case you didn't know many years ago there was a subculture of people in the.

LA area throughout the world actually whose. Focus was on learning how to meet date and attract and sleep with members of the opposite sex or same sex whatever you were into now this course is not about that. But. I'm drawing a metaphor from it when you were learning those tactics you were taught about what they called inner game and outer game inner game is what you do with your mind how the your your understanding of the psychology of what's going on around you right.

So everything we've talked about in this package. So far has been about managing your inner game it's about changing your beliefs it's about changing your emotions it's about controlling your state it's about putting all these things together. So you become somebody who can perform out of and do take actions in the real world that bring you what you want does that make sense this program real world conversation also known as stealth. CPI this one's different this one is about outer game this one is about developing ethical and honest persuasion skills that you can use fueled by your your reprogramming of your subconscious mind that you can use to move through the world making people hang on every word being irresistibly charismatic wanting to do the things you want them to do you'll automatically be able to to book.

More clients close more sales get more dates this is the the skill set that goes with the mindset of the how to reprogram your subconscious mind program the ultimate person. So you understand the difference this is going to teach you how to control your state at will. On. Demand on any situation or circumstance it's going to teach you how to get.

Report with anyone anytime anywhere it's going to teach you the seven language patterns that. Auto automatically make somebody want to believe what you say and do what you want and they're. So powerful you can't not use them. But if you understand the.

Dynamics of it literally people will just have will be doing whatever you want them to do we'll teach you how to manage the states of other people and get them emotionally motivated bonded and connected to what you're offering. So that they go for it because they want it not because you want them to have it it's all ethical it's all honest and it will make you. So powerful in every place that you use this. I've had people up their closing rate in sales by 40% just from a few of these techniques.

I had one guy he came to a training after a half a day of training he went out he closed a $1.2 billion deal. I know that sounds like [ __ ]. But. I'm still waiting for my commission check it hasn't come in yet right.

But uh and there's a whole story to that. But this particular program um is the outer game this is again you you you've become the person through the other training you've become the person who radiates that. Authority that confidence that. Comfort wherever they go now on top of that we're going to give you the exact communication tools that allow you to amplify that it's a magnifier right.

It's a $1,950 value we're going to give this to you free because we want you to have the inner game and the outer game total combined value on this is $744 if you were going to try and buy it separately on the website. But we're not done yet okay. We're also going to include one of the most powerful belief change tools. I've ever come across the name of this course is called.

Renegade reframing and it's how to rapidly change beliefs and overcome objections instantly during normal conversation in minutes this is a program based on 14 specific language patterns that were discovered by a man named. Robert. DZ who was studying uh with the founder of. NLP.

Richard bandler and. Richard bandler uh during his master practitioner trainings would stand up on stage and he would assume the. Persona of someone with a limiting belief and he would challenge his students to make to make him believe something different and every time one of them would try to every time one of them would try to metamodel him or use a language pattern. Richard would whip out one of these reframes and instantly um he shut them down and.

So uh. Robert over a period of time codified these patterns into something that was learnable and began teaching it as something called slide of mouth unfortunately for most people slide of mouth as it's taught in. NLP is not really approach it's it's kind of hard to understand and wrap your head around. So we gamified the whole process we turned this into a card game we we got the 14 different patterns and when you deploy these patterns it will allow you to overcome any objection destroy any limiting belief that you or your your friends or your your family might have and it will allow you to uh transform people's thoughts and overcome objections in any situation or circumstance if you want to win arguments.

I used to. I taught this my daughter's on the debate team and. I taught some of these things to her and she would just reframe. The.

Living. Daylights out of people okay. So this is something that if you would to write down all the limiting beliefs that you discovered and you use these patterns on those beliefs by the time you got to the end of the um the end of the page you wouldn't be able to believe those things anymore it just opens up your mind. So fully and completely to.

New. Perspectives it's impos impossible to go back to the way the old way of thinking. So there's two ways you use this as inner game and outer game you can use this to change your own limiting beliefs 14 think about it if what if for every um limiting belief argument or objection you encountered you had 14 different ways to destroy that belief in seconds what could you do with a superpower like that because that's what it's going to do for you okay. So this one is really really powerful we felt.

I felt that when uh we put this package together that it was important for for students to have the inner game. But also have the outer game right. There's two things that hold people back the skill set and mindset. I want to make sure that you have the mind right.

And. I want to make sure you have the skills right. Right. Now if there's if there's a trade skill need to go out and learn.

I. I can't help you with that what. I can do is. I can give you the communication skills that let you go out and get people fired up and wanting to do what you want them to do and be absolutely happy about it that's my goal and that's why.

I'm. I. I put this package together this way. So $1,950 value we're going to give this to you free if you click one of those links right.

Now at the that shows up at the bottom of your page it's a 9,391 value when you register before the end of the webinar. So let's just review what's in the package right. You're going to start with the 14 video secrets of. Personality transformation home study course teaches you how to do all this stuff to yourself for yourself by yourself you're going to get the real world hypnosis identity by.

Design hypnotherapy certification home study course this is going to give you uh a review of the identity by. Design. Silo uh a thorough treatment of instant and. Rapid inductions how to handle.

AB reactions uh conversational hypnosis uh screening processes everything you would need to do to start seeing clients for money if you wanted to okay. So $1,497 value bonus uh number two hidden. Laws of. Attraction mind magic and manifestation master class this takes what you've learned in identity by.

Design and funnels it into the the. Art and. Science of deliberate manifestations at $1,497. Value you're also going to get the stealth.

CPI level one universal persuasion protocol home study course it's a $1,950 value and we're going to give you the. Renegade reframing uh how to overcome any objection and change beliefs instantly in conversation during normal conversations uh $1,950 value total combined value on this is 9,391 um. But uh today. I don't want to charge you that.

I don't want to ask you to. Pony up 10,000 even though it's worth it right. I don't want to ask you to. Pony up $10,000 or close to $10,000 for that.

So today. I want to give you the best deal humanly possible. So you're not going to have to pay $939 we're not going to make you go for we're not even going to charge you 6347 we're not going to charge you 5347 you know what we're not going to make it 33 and we're not going to charge you 2347 right. For those of you who want the best deal humanly possible who's ready to make a change and and you want me in your corner helping you you can get all of it for one low investment of just $99.97 and if you need a little extra help you can break that into three easy installments of just 3.97 each all you got to do to get yours is go to www.lpower.com mindmind d.

That's www.lpower.com go ahead and click those links um and. I'm going to put this in the chat too and. I just want to make sure that people have that link okay. Good um now for those of you who uh are maybe a little on the fence.

I want to tell you right. Up front that there is absolutely nothing to risk here. I've actually under sold you what this program will can and will do for you. But if you're skeptical after you click the link you have 60 whole days to follow the instructions in the program and test it out if at the end of 60 days you're not on the fast track if you're not removing blocks to your success if you're not on the fast track to creating a wealth mindset becoming more magnetically attractive and manifesting the life of your dreams if you're not eliminating fear and self-sabotage uh becoming uh putting a dead stop halt to procrastination if you're not finding yourself winning in more social encounters than ever before if you're not satisfied with this program in any way.

I will give you a 100% refund nope well we'll ask questions. But we'll still give you the refund because our our our our refund policy is based on you getting from the program what you wanted and needed. So test drive it for 60 days if on day 59 you decide that it's not for you you're not getting the results if you've called us and we've tried to help you through the sticking points and nothing's working let us know and we will refund every dime you've invested okay. That's my promise to you we're here to support you in every way that we can okay.

So again click the links right. Now before before the end of the webinar www.lpower.com right. Remember if you said if you answered yes. To at least two of the questions.

I've asked you today. Then this is the right. Program for you and go ahead and click your link reserve your. P package because.

I've got goodies see if this wasn't enough if this didn't have you salivating which to me it's pretty damn good deal if you grab your course today right. Now before. I log off the webinar. June 25th 2024 we're going to include the following special fast action bonuses the.

First one is you're going to get a three-month trial membership to our. NLP power. Mastermind mentoring program now this is not a program that you will get a certificate from this is a program that will give you everything else the courses don't it's going to give you a community that you can hang out with and friends that you can make and support you who are interested in the things you're interested in it's going to give you one-on-one a or group access to me on the. Third.

Saturday of every month we're going to get together. I'm going to go around the room and. I'm going to say hey. Sam what do you want to want uh what do you want to learn.

Richard what do you want to learn uh pis what do you want to learn. Holly what do you want to learn. Mia what do you want to learn. John what do you want to learn and.

I'm gonna write those things on my board and. I'm going to step back and. I'm going to look. At everything people want to learn that day and.

I'm going to create a lesson plan on the spot and for the. Next four and a half hours five hours. I'm going to drill you on those specific skills. So that by the end of the training session you can do those skills in your sleep and.

Then you're going to go off into the world and you're going to employ the skills you've just practiced you're. GNA come back. Next month and we're gonna do it again. I'm gonna say.

John what do you want to learn and. Sam what do you want to learn and. Richard what do you want to learn and plis what do you want to learn and. Holly and uh.

Seth and. M what do you want to learn and we're going to create a lesson plan and we're going to drill for the. Next four and a half hours for three solid months we're going to do this on the. Third.

Saturday of every month uh niceta is asking do you actually have trainings that will give us certificates yes. Niceta. I do we created the. NLP.

Power by the way the. NLP power. Mastermind has been around since. October of 2010 we have run meetings every month for the.

Last 13 years like clockwork and the best part is we've recorded every single session and we've archived them on our. YouTube on our our private members. YouTube channel our private. Facebook.

Group and on our. NLP power website as a trial member of the. NLP power. Mastermind mentoring program you will get unrestricted access to the entire 13-year archive stuff that's never been seen on.

YouTube never been released in a product never never put out there as a short content that's completely member driven and me just guiding people through exercise after exercise after exercise everything from manifestation to trauma resolution to advance persuasion dating psychic skills energy healing um manifestation regression marketing skills sales skills whatever my people wanted to know about if it was in my wheelhouse. I've spent the weekend teaching those skills. So they could go out and do them better if after 9 90 days you decide you love it we'll show you how to extend your membership if after 90 days you got what you needed you're done no. Questions asked right.

We're going to give you. But during that whole 90 days you get full access to the entire 13-year archive you can binge watch to your heart's content hundreds of hours of video not thousands actually right. It's. So 15 thou it's a $1,597 value total combined value if you did the math is $10,00 $78.

But we've got a few more goodies for you for those of you who click this link right. Now you're also going to get the stealth instant conversational hypnosis crash course now. I'll be honest with you um a lot of the material in this course is similar to self. CPI the difference is instant conversation theosis crash course is a fast.

Start program it's for people that want to start hypnotizing people today. So literally there's two videos that you watch takes a couple of hours and you can be out hypnotizing people right. Then and there. So stealth.

CPI takes you through the entire seven stage. Universal persuasion. Protocol. Stealth instant conversation nois crash course gives you the things you absolutely must need to know to go out and start hypnotizing people in normal conversation and or overtly because there's a couple videos in there on instant and.

Rapid hypnotic inductions in a couple of hours it's a $997 value it comes with uh about 10 or about a good 10 or 12 videos. I think uh at least four uh from a. Meetup that. I ran there's two videos on conversation hypnosis there's at least one or two videos on instant conversation hypnosis inductions there's one called anchors in action and another one called hypnotic hot buttons which are all supplemental skill sets that you need if you're going to go out and start hypnotizing people to influence it's and it has transcripts it has uh audios that you can list listen to it has workbooks.

So there's a it's a very comprehensive program. But it's designed specifically around the idea of getting started right. Away like watch two videos go out and start using right. If you do the drills you'll be able to do that $997 value we're going to give it to you free total combined value is $1,075 and this is the one that kind of raised a few eyebrows when.

I threw it in the mix one of the problems that we have beginning of the class. I told you about learning to protect yourself from negative influence from harmful influence from manipulations and difficult people one of the programs that we created several years ago that's been known as one of the the number one. NLP training program in the world for the. Last two years was called the uh killer influence defense against the dark arts of persuasion and we're going to give you a free.

VIP super ticket to our. Next upcoming defense against the dark arts influence and persuasion certification uh it'll be here in. August it'll be here in. San.

Diego. August 6 to the 10th 2024 and this is limited to the. First 21 people pardon me to register for the webinar before. I log off when.

I log off these fast action bonuses go away it's a $3,150 value and let me just review really quickly for you exactly some of the things you'll be learning uh in this program. First and foremost we're going to talk to you about how to catch a liar how to the 15. Q that reveal deception and how to spot those uh in in uh the average human being we're going to talk about profiling the persuasion. Predator the many types of persuasion.

Predators where they hunt and how to out them before they cause trouble or just derail your life completely we're going to talk about how to take yourself off the menu what pred persuasion. Predators look. For and how to take yourself off of a predator's radar and stay off their radar going forward we're going to talk about we have this little we have this module called nart notes which is is basically everything you need to know to spot narcissists and effectively deal with them when you can't actually get rid of them in other words there are some people in our lives because we married to them um they're family members uh whatever there are bosses that we don't have an option to just leave we can't we can't get rid of them. So how do we deal with them how do we manage them we're going to talk about specific techniques for how to do that we're going to talk about.

Advanced personality profiling understanding or. Predator profiling understanding the psychology of character. Disturbed otherwise known as predatory humans and how to flag them before they get a foothold in your life we're going to talk about uh def uh. Advanced defense against the dark arts which is all about the psychological tactics that these people use how to recognize them and how to neutralize them okay.

How to respond effectively to different types of manipulation and this is where a lot of your uh your. Renegade reframe training and stuff like that will come in uh really handy uh and let's see here how to respond effectively to manipulation how to recover from narcissistic or abusive relationships and what. I call predate profiling the flag system how to how to profile someone before the big date. So you know that you're not walking into a bad situation um until the.

Last minute and of course we're going to teach you direct and indirect conversational hypnosis tactics for getting information from people. So that you can fill out your profile file and have a much better idea if this is someone you want to be part of your life or someone you need to to give a pass to okay. Total value on this is [Music] $3,150 um we're going to include this as part of your package if you're one of the. Next 21 people to click that link right.

Now you'll get access to the live training this is five days in a room with me learning and practicing the most advanced persuasion skills on the planet and how to counteract the most heinous and villainous of persuasion. Predators out there this is something that everybody needs and. I want you to have it. So five days come out and play $4,225 value.

But. I'm not done yet this is the one that really raised a bunch of hackles a lot of you guys want to fix your stuff. But you need help you don't necessarily want to do it yourself. So for the.

Next 21 people who register for this class before. I log off the webinar tonight remember we've got part three coming up. But. I wanted to give you this extended bonus.

I'm going to give you a free. VIP ticket to our. Next virtual healing intention that's coming up this weekend now if this weekend is too short of notice when you call. Moss or reach out to.

Mia uh let them know that you can't make it and we'll move you to the. Next healing intensive now if you're one of the people who actually bought a ticket to the healing intensive. I have really good news for you if you've already purchased a ticket to the healing intensive you get this entire webinar package for free if you purchased a ticket to the the virtual healing intensive you get this entire webinar package we're just going to give it to you just let them know let let. Moss or me and know that you uh you're you're signed up for the virtual healing.

Retreat and you will get the videos of every and of every course that. I've outlined including uh the. VIP ticket to defense against the dark arts coming up in. August.

So the total this is a 20 $2,497 value we're going to include this as part of your package brings the total package today to $16,728. So for those of you who don't know what the virtual healing intens it is this is where uh you and a small group of people get together online with me for three days and for three days. I'm your trainer. I'm your therapist and.

I'm going to walk you and guide you through one healing process after another after another after another. So you're going to come into that training one way and you're going to leave completely different we also have uh uh moss and. Holly and and some of my other high level students will be there to help people who need special individualized attention. So one of the things we discovered is a lot of you don't want to be hypnotists a lot of you don't necessarily want to go out and fix other people's stuff.

But you do want help fixing your own stuff and you want you want my help and. So we created this virtual healing intensive to give you that opportunity. So we're going to include a. VIP ticket to this if you're one of the.

Next 21 people to register for the webinar before uh before. I log off and please remember this is firsttime buyer only. So if you've bought webinar packages before uh call. M let him know you've bought our webinar packages before and he will tell you the opportunities that we have available for you okay.

Moss wanted to poke poked his head in here and just reminded me to remind you firsttime buyers only okay. So the total package today $16,728 you're going to get it all for one low installment of just $99.97 or three easy installments of 3.97 each. So let's review you're going to get the secrets of. Personality transformation ultimate mind control training home study course and the manual $2,497 value you're going to get the identity by.

Design hypnotherapy certification home study course $1,497 value you're going to get hidden. Laws of. Attraction $1,497 value you're going to get the stealth. CPI.

Universal persuasion protocol training system $1,950 value you're going to get. Renegade reframing how to overcome objections and change beliefs during normal conversations in seconds $1,950 value you're going to get the. NLP. Mastermind mentoring program three-month trial $1,597 value you're going to get the stealth instant conversation at nois crash course $997 value you're going to get a free.

VIP ticket to our upcoming. NLP defense against the dark arts live event coming up in. August 6 through the 10th $3,150 value and if you're one of the. Next 21 people to register and click that link right.

Now you're going to get a free access pass to our. Next virtual healing intensive it's a $2,497 value you get all all of this for one low installment of just $99.97 and if you need a little help you can break it up into three easy installments of just 397 each all you got to do to get yours is go to www.lpower.com go ahead click that link in your in your chat box right. Now. So you can reserve your spot and you and.

I can spend some quality time together. L learning some really cool stuff changing your inner game changing your outer game and reprogramming your subconscious mind to be the best version of yourself humanly possible remember those things on your on your little list we're going to help you get them in the shortest amount of time possible that's my personal commitment to you go ahead click those links right. Now we're going to take a seven minute break after which we're going to begin phase three of our webinar we're going to go back we're going to circle around into foundations and we're gonna start to do some techniques for clearing those limiting beliefs removing blocks to success and whatever else you as a group want to learn this is. Dr.

David. I will see you in seven minutes or less click those links and let's get going thanks e e e e e e e e e e okay. Guys hey guys. I'm back from my uh my little break we got about a minute if anybody has any.

Last minute question questions they want to ask before we get into the part three of tonight's webinar. I'm happy to answer those while we have time. I don't want to take too much time away um for those of you who have questions um. Moss has posted uh or one of my people has posted our contact information in the chats by all means feel free to reach out couple of things when you call okay.

If you call please please please if you get voicemail because we always get inundated with calls when we do these webinars right. If you get uh the voicemail please please please leave your contact information on the uh you know on on the voicemail because if you do that. Then you will qualify for all the bonuses that were available at the time you called if you call you get the voicemail and you don't leave your contact information and say well. I'll just call back.

Later when you call back you will not qualify for whatever bonuses were available previously. So you know one of the things we do is we we have a tendency to to cut people off um the amount of people when we offer like the the double. VIP tickets uh we tend to really limit and we get very strict on how we give access to those things. So if you're serious about really making a change in your life.

I. I encourage you to a click the links right. Now and uh and get your uh you know get your reserved right. Um and.

I want to make sure that our our. YouTubers have this have the same opportunity give me a minute. I'm just going to paste this link really quick. I love my.

YouTube audience. I really do. But there is a little bit of a delay uh in the chats between when uh what. I say shows up on the video and uh it reaches their feed.

So all right. So this is where we move now from what. David had planned to more of what you guys want to know about. So what.

I want you to do now is. I want you to just type in the chat what do you want to focus on for the. Last half the. Last.

Second of our webinar what what aspect do you want to drill down into right. This is your chance. So. Melissa is asking.

David. State control and how. I described it in my comments does that indicate. I have good.

State. Control uh let me scroll up. I okay. I am learning something new here even though.

I had this probably five times this year. I'm having a real shift thanks for the help. I had no. Idea.

I was doing this. Savage. T um. State control is something.

I missed now. I'm understanding um is there a previous. Melissa you might want to repost your comment um here's the thing. Melissa.

State. Control seems. So fundamental it seems. So basic and yet a lot of programs out there that are telling you you need to control your state they don't tell you how to do that or if they do give you a a a process to control your state the pro the process is.

So impractical and reliant on cognitive. State control that it's not useful one of the reasons that um we started we started today's webinar with physiological. State control is because everything you do with your mind relies on your the stability of your body think about how many people ever seen somebody freaking out freaking out to the point where they're just completely unresponsive to anything you say anybody ever seen that right. When your system gets to that level of neurological arousal when has anybody have ever been in that state where you just absolutely freaking out let me ask you a question if during that moment.

I had asked you to add or multiply two times two could you have done it no. Then that is exactly why we don't teach teach volitional or cognitive. State. Control techniques.

First if your body is in chaos your thoughts are in chaos if your thoughts are in chaos you can't muster you can't access your willpower. So the. First thing that has to happen in any form of self. State control training is you must get the body back to equilibrium because if your body is in chaos you can't access your cognition right.

As much as. I would love to say that the. Mind controls the body and it does to a very large degree the physiology trumps the psychology if the body's in chaos you're done. So you have to get the body stabilized.

First does that make sense okay. So you're never going to go wrong controlling your breathing and controlling your posture. But usually posture becomes before breathing and and here's why there's less to do in changing your posture than there is to controlling your breathing and many times our physiology directly impacts our breathing well like we talked about the the physiology of depression right. You got someone who's down like this you've compressed the upper two loes of the lung you've compressed the bottom two loes there's there's very little room to breathe here which is going to affect your cognition directly just the physiology will do it and that'll affect your psychology.

But if. I can move you back to an upright. Position. I inflate the lungs which lets you breathe better which makes you think better which calms your state.

So physiology is the. Lynch pin in a lot of our attempts at reprogramming the subconscious mind that's also why. So many of your self- hypnosis programs your meditation programs all focus on breath. But if you actually go and study with the the the old schoolers you'll be you have to have excellent posture to do these breathing techniques because they understood at some level that it's the physiology of the your posture that is the foundation of everything.

So. Jody's asking definition. Clarity of source when doing drills. First mov okay.

Jody that's a different class it's a good question. So. Jody's asking about the spiritual aspect or the spiritual dynamic behind our subconscious mind it's important to remember that we uh your nervous system is a bridge between what we call. Yin energetics or the yin world and the.

Young. World the the. Divine. World okay.

Everything meets at the nervous system and. So when the nervous system is when you understand the. Dynamics of it you can use your nervous system to connect to. Source or.

God whatever word you put to it you can use it to connect to various. Elemental or. Celestial forces you can use it to colle to connect to the energetic and vibrational fields of the planet and use those that's what what jod is hinting at now in this program we assume we make the. Assumption now.

I know a lot of you feel a lot of you have a deep spiritual side. But in this training with these with these techniques we operate on the. Assumption or we operate from the premise that all there is is your meat your mind and your nervous system right. And.

So we can use our nervous system to access all these other forces and energies and and data sources. But we assume that all you've got is your meat and. So that's what we train you to use right. That's the the the bias of this training we have other trainings where we talk about the spiritual and the energetic and the vibrational and the the quantum and things of that nature right.

But if you didn't believe in any of that and you just got the techniques from this program and this training you would still be able to do all the things. I said you could do whether you believed in. God or not you'd be able to do it. But if you believe in.

God that takes on and adds more energy and impact to these these processes. So hopefully that answers what. I think is the question. So.

James is asking in doing magic frame. I don't know how to tell when. I'm done writing do. I just wait for feeling or do.

I pretend one no. You don't pretend you keep writing until there's nothing left to write. Then you wait a few seconds see if anything else comes up and if it doesn't. Then you reach up you shrink it down to the size of a postage stamp you move it over the top of your head back.

Beyond the. Horizon you nail it back there you let that process lock in you scan your body you notice the change and. Then you evaluate if there's something else you need to do remember if you if you send it back there and there's something else you can always bring the picture back write it and put it back right. What we're dealing with is a neurological vibrational filing cabinet right.

And where when and depending on the filing cabinet you store these things in will determine what your body how your body responds and reacts um. Paul says maybe neurologically changing your memory mechanics around how to do that okay. Um even when. I don't know what.

I'm yes. This is a big. James is asking some really good questions about. Magic.

Frame. Magic. Frame is one of our staple techniques and it's one of the ones. I one of the.

First ones. I teach to the public one of the the things that. I discovered through 15 well almost 20 years now of clinical work was that you don't always need to consciously understand and know what your problem is in order to get rid of it this was a big like mindblowing thing for me and one of the reasons that. I think people have trouble with this idea is that psychology and.

Psychiatry and psychoanalysis have informed a lot of what we do hypnosis and what we do in. NLP right. Even though in many cases n. Richard and and and uh.

John. Richard bandler and. John grinder kind of created. Created.

NLP as a as a a [ __ ] an. Fu to the psychological. Community which is one of the reasons why. NLP has such a bad rap right.

You can't go around pissing in other people's pawns and expect them to just validate you and love you right. Um. But the the truth is is that your body is always recording things and it records a lot of things that are below the threshold of conscious awareness the difference between something that comes to the aperture of your conscious mind versus your unconscious mind is recall pathway. So if you experience something by the way uh congratulations to kativa simonetta for becoming our.

Next uh how to reprogram your subconscious mind package owner we'll see you at the healing intensive this weekend we'll see you at identity by. Design and we will see you in the uh in. The. Mastermind.

I'm excited to. I'm excited to work with you um. So. But no.

When you're when you when you point to where you feel it and you reach out and touch the image which we're going to actually do magic frame as a group because it's it's a really important exercise there's a part there's part of you that may consciously know what the lessons are. But the part of you that created the feeling the part of you that created that image that you're touching that's the other than conscious part of you and that part always knows why it did what it did okay. So the secret is if you don't consciously understand what the lesson is give that other part of you permission to use the finger and write the lessons now some people when they when they start doing this writing they'll they'll write they'll know exactly what's being written some people will just draw squiggles the unconscious mind will just start making. Doodles on the screen some people will draw pictures some people will write [ __ ] you [ __ ] you [ __ ] you across the screen right.

It really doesn't matter because as long as that finger's moving the body is expressing and as long as the body is expressing the neurology is processing the information and the experience differently okay. One of the biggest challenges you're going to have um when you start doing trauma work whether that's self-work or whether. I'm working with you or one of my people are working with you or you go to a therapist or you start working with people is for every traumatic event that you have and that could be anything from a paper cut to somebody eating your peanut butter and jelly sandwich on the playground when you were five to all kinds of abuse active [ __ ] you it doesn't matter what the trauma is there will be an emotional charge locked in the body that needs to be vented before the system can return to normal and that move moving of the finger is a venting in addition to preserving safety lessons the moving of that finger is an emotional venting process okay. So some people are saying that.

I am. Frozen. I'm okay. Now good all right.

So hopefully that does that does that help does anybody not know what. I'm talking about um when. I talk about mag frame does anybody not know what the magic frame is okay. Re.

Renard's on board okay. All right. So let's talk about uh. James says.

I did. Magic. Frame like 20 times and. I really had had really vivid dreams.

So it did something. But. I wasn't yeah a lot of times when you do any of this work you will have you you could have very very vivid dreams because what happens is that when you go to sleep at night your unconscious mind and your brain actually starts a purging process and it starts running all kinds of data processes and things like that and that's a lot of what goes into your dreams is the stuff that's being sorted and removed or sorted and kept in your longterm or short long-term memory. So it's it's very very common when you do these exercises to have very vivid dreams okay.

So yeah just take it as aign your process all right. So what do you guys want to focus on. Next um do you want to learn about one of the most powerful ways to give yourself positive suggestions or informations you want to learn how to clear blocks to your success. CLE clear traumas do you want to um what do you guys want to know about this is your webinar what do you want know about.

So. Melissa says success blocks okay. Hypnotic language on yourself oh success blocks. David the only thing.

I know has been thinking about you or saying getting positive shifts stay control is what. I'm struggling with okay. Well again the. First thing is.

Melissa posture and breathing right. Remember a time now the way you now here's here's a quick way to access um positive physiology remember a time when okay. So fact let me give you let me give you this one real quick and. Then we're going to go into um.

James what is the pretty please about all right. U let me let me pull up my one note here really quick um. I may have to do a clean page for this all right. Uh well.

I. I think. I can kill two birds with one stone on that on that end. So uh let me share my screen really quick.

So let me do this real quick. State control thing. I've never really taught this outside of identity by. Design.

So you guys are really. I must be in a good mood today. So here's here's the process that. I use to guide my students into a resourceful.

State this is all you really have to do. So the. First thing is name the state. So you need to decide and decide what state you want.

Then you name the state you remember a time when you were in that state you remember what you were seeing what you were hearing what you were smelling what you were tasting and. Finally what you were feeling okay. So. Then what you do is you remember how you were standing in other words your posture and.

Then you remember how you're breathing and you hold it you hold the posture hold the breathing run run the movie in your head okay. And check and check in as you run the movie in your head notice what your body wants to do as you run the movie. So this part here where we're checking in with what the body wants to do this is not something. I do over.

I. I tell my clients overtly that we're doing. But if you run the movie if you if you've remembered if you've recalled the state okay. And you remember the time when and.

Then you activated your visual cortex your auditory cortex your. Al. Factory cortex your gustatory cortex and. Then.

Finally your kinesthetic or sensory motor cortex you've just lit up your brain like a. Christmas tree the more of the the layers of your brain that you activate the more absorbed you are in the process and when you're absorbed in a process feeling an emotion your posture will start to naturally shift. So the. First thing we do is we cortically stimulate ourselves we remember how we were standing consciously we remember how we were breathing consciously and.

Then we run the movie multiple times and let the posture shift okay. So that's the basic process right. Name the state desire the state bullet point this for you. I don't normally like.

I said. I don't normally go into this much detail on. State. Control during a webinar.

But uh. I think this is something you'll all get a significant benefit from questions on stake control yes. No. Buer niceta is asking can we use it to bring something into reality yes.

And no. Okay. So if we're going to do there's two ways that you can use this act actively and passively well actually they're they're both pretty active. But let me just go ahead and shift my picture a little bit okay.

So one of the things that we have to do if we're going to do manifestation work okay. Is we have to have our physiology right. Now again. I'll go a little hidden.

Laws of. Attraction for you right. Now there's it cover we cover it more in depth in in the actual course. But the thing you need to understand about manifestation is that the.

Law of. Attraction says that you will pull or manifest into your life the people situations circumstances and events that are in harmony with your dominant thoughts. But nobody tells you what your dominant thoughts actually are your dominant thoughts are not the ones you're conscious of your dominant thoughts are the the little thought bubbles the little thought containers below the threshold of conscious. Awareness on an endless loop that are generating all of the subtle body feelings that you're having or that come up when you try to manifest something.

So you guys remember how many you guys remember when. I. I had you doing your uh your affirmations or and and you had the positive feeling. But in the background there was that that icky.

Naggy feeling how many of you remember that type it in the chat okay. Those icky. Naggy feelings are energetic containers that hold memories and beliefs locked in the body and they have a vibrational frequency to them and the reason that you become aware of them is because when you try ra when you try to raise your vibration it starts to it it's it's not in harmony with that other thought that other uh program that's running and they start to fight because they want to they want to get in resonance and. So one either has to level up or it has to pull the other one down the the sum total of the body feelings that you have creates a vibrational signature a vibrational imp pulse that you send out to the universe and that is what pulls in the manifestation if you've got 60% positive and 40% negative you think you're you're you're you're you're you're sending out a signal that is 100% positive.

But there's 40% of [ __ ] in that signal why because you didn't clean out the negative vibrations you didn't clean out the negative programs. So those those unconscious programs that are running taint the signal you send out which is why sometimes you don't get what you want or you get it in a way that's just messed up does that make sense right. So to your question about manifestation if you're going to do any form of manifestation work you've got to get your state optimized what's the. First thing to do change your posture change your breathing once you have that locked in now you do whatever manifestation techniques you have at your disposal.

So. So that's. Law of. Attraction.

But here's the other thing you need to understand about your state control if you have your physiological. State. Control down you can become. I hate to use this word in this context emotionally bulletproof like that.

I had a. CL. I had a student his name was. David obvious for interestingly.

U and he had been he had learned. State control and he had always been really really uh shy and insecure in groups and he decided he wanted to start dating and um. So he started practicing his physiological. State.

Control right. He would practice his posture he' practice his breathing get himself into a a. Victorious playful curious. State and go out and he found out that when he he moved through the world holding that physiology he was.

Charming he was fluid he was he was able to just get along with people where he would normally feel embarrassed or he would normally feel intimidated by beautiful. PE by beautiful girls or whatever he could just chill right. And he he did that for and. Then one day he was out and he was talking to somebody and she said something and his.

State crumbled and his physiology just shifted back and he re he had been doing it he had been practicing his. State. Control enough that he was aware he was aware that his state had shifted and that his body posture had shifted. So the moment he became aware of it all he did was intentionally shift his posture back to the cool relaxed laidback winter pose and within seconds he was back on his game.

So the thing to understand is when you're interacting with people that vibrational interaction is happening all the time. Rapport can't not happen one of the things you'll see in when you get your course and you get um well you'll get you'll see it for sure in uh stealth you'll see it for sure in. Hidden. Laws of.

Attraction there will be a video that. I show people of metronomes right. And there's like 30 32 of them on a table and they're all moving at different frequencies and within four and a half minutes every single metronome on the table synchronizes and they're all moving at the same time you are a walking metronome the only variable about getting a vibrational rapport with somebody at any given moment is time now if you get rapport with somebody and they're and you're a in a less than optimal. State your state infects them and they will start to feel the way you feel.

But they're looking at you when those feelings come up. So they assume you're the cause and you are right. But not in an obvious way. But if you understand we call this the.

U uh the magic mirror. But if you want to get rapport with somebody and you want them to think positively and feel positively if you put yourself in a positive. State their mirror neurons pick that up and reproduce the state in them and now they go into a positive. State while they're interacting with you and.

So you close that circuit and you can manifest very positive interactions and keep yourself from falling into an unresourceful. State just by remembering to hold your posture in your breathing okay. Yeah. So we managed the anchor well again it wasn't an anchor.

So much it was it was a recognition that something in the environment had triggered an unresourceful. State and he intentionally interrupted that pattern remember at the beginning of the webinar. I said everything human beings do is a pattern and once you recognize the pattern. You can predict what's going to happen.

Next and even more importantly you can inject change at. Key moments and neutralize the pattern or change the pattern completely and those with eyes. To see and ears to hear that's what. I'm giving you access to is is the eyes.

To see and the ears to hear and the study of how to recognize patterns inside of you and outside of you. So that you can make better choices and take better actions most of us are not aware of the patterns we're running until we've been until we've suffered enough and we just can't take it anymore right. And. Then we say.

I can't take another day of this and. Then we become more open to the possibility that the problem isn't outside of us it's inside of us right. And for the vast majority of stuff that's actually true right. And.

So my job is to help you to become as your teacher my job isn't just to sell you stuff actually job one for me is to teach you how to become progressively more self-aware one the. First rules of influence that. I teach my. Dark.

Arts students and my killer influence students my. CPI students is without awareness there is no. Choice anything outside of your awareness is outside of your control now the caveat to that or the the corollary to that is just because you're not aware of it doesn't mean it isn't controlling or influencing you. So my my my goal is job one is your teacher your guide your.

Mentor whatever whatever word you wanna you want to put to it to to quote. Tony. Robbins. I am not your.

Guru right. Um my job is to help you become progressively more self-aware and point you in the dire to get to level that up right. So it's again one of the things you'll discover in this isem m. Liss and a bunch of other guys is that some of the most powerful things that we have are simple one of the things that.

I learned. I'm studying all the mystery schools you know the roac crucians and hermetics and the dosm and the. Buddhism and the is when people want to keep things secret they make it complex they make it complex because if everybody can do it. Then nobody gets to be special and that's one of the the biggest things.

I've seen is that a lot of people who do know these things and there are few not many. But there are a few they're not interested in sharing it because that takes money out of their pocket or or whatever me there's. So much snake oil out there there's. So much smok.

In mirrors we need somebody to just put up or shut up right. And that's why. I do the webinars the way. I do.

I give you experiences. I give you things you can take out into the world and just test you don't got to believe it you just got to do it right. All right. So hopefully that that kind of answers your question we're gonna we're.

GNA talk since uh some of you guys are asking about hypnotic language and how to use it on yourself we're going to learn level one of uh what we call. Yin information process. But before we do uh. I want to remind you that the fast action bonuses that.

I talked about earlier the uh the. NLP power. Mastermind mentoring program the stealth instant conversational hynosis crash course. VIP uh ticket to the.

NLP power defense against the dark arts uh live event and the self- transformation uh virtual healing intensive these are only available to the. Next few people who register before. I log off the webinar okay. Now a couple things about our.

VIP tickets. I may not have touched on earlier a your. VIP ticket doesn't expire. So let's say you can't make the virtual healing intensive this weekend or you can't come to defense against the dark arts in.

August well that's fine just pick up the phone let. Moss know we'll put you on a special database and the. Next time those trainings become available we'll invite you to that training you can use your. VIP tickets for that your.

VIP ticket doesn't expire. So if it takes you a year two years three years to show up at an event as long as you're in our database that ticket's good if the price goes up you're protected the price will never go up for you if want to gift one of these to a spouse or a loved one or a friend who you think might benefit from it you can do that right. If something comes up at the. Last minute and you can't attend let us know we'll move you to another training if you want to come at the.

Last minute pick up the phone let us know as soon as you can and we'll find a place for you okay. We want you here we want you in the room with us we want you participating in these processes. So you can get the results you told me you wanted okay. The total package is $16,728 you can get it all for just one low installment of 9.97.

But you got to click that link right. Now you got to make a decision to be different if you want a different result in your life you got to be willing to be a different person and do something different now not everybody's ready for that. I get that. But let me help you right.

Jump in the program work it for 60 days if you're not different. Enough by the end of those 60 days will give you your money back okay. So go ahead and click those links and uh you know go ahead and join the party right. Okay.

So that being said let's talk about language and self suggestion. So one of the things that that needs to happen if we're going to give ourselves suggestions we need to understand how our unconscious mind works okay. And what. I mean by that is there's two ways that your unconscious mind will make change and it's through the perception of effort and what do.

I mean by that there's two ways your unconscious mind perceives effort intense emotion and repetition okay. So one of the things that we talk about in identity by. Design we talk about it in stealth. CPI we talk about it in.

U. Renegade reframing a lot all these courses deal with belief systems there are certain filters in your brains filters of experience that form the building blocks of your thoughts those thoughts and the building blocks of those thoughts are transferred into your words. So when somebody is speaking and. I have the eyes.

To see and the ears to hear. I can through the pattern of their speech understand the structure of their thoughts does that make sense if you're with me type that's that makes sense in the chat okay. But here's the corollary to that your brain cannot process language without creating thoughts that mirror the structure structure of the language it just heard. So there are certain filters in your neurology that create your beliefs and that structure comes out in your language.

So when people talk about their beliefs their words will have a specific structure if you talk to somebody in the structure of belief the brain will process it like it's a belief like it's true and certain okay. Now there's again if if you want to when you get to the stealth. CPI program and they they start they get to the language components they'll talk about cause and effect language this is all based on this idea of cause and effect. So let's talk about how do we give ourselves suggestions that will fire up the brain like it's nobody's business.

So here's what. I want you to do. I want each of you to write down three to five things you'd like to program your brain to do or you'd like to program yourself to do just write them down on a piece of paper and. Then pick your top two and write them in the chat type them in the chat we're going to do this as a group together and.

Then we're going to do a little bit of an installation. So you can see how fast this works be relentless as hell okay. It's a good one. I'm going to type some of these down because.

I want you to see what. I'm doing um anybody else exercise every day more be consistent make 10 times more money make offers get clients okay. Renard that one's a little long we could we could probably pair that down to say the right. Thing at the right.

Time okay. So let me go ahead and share my screen because. I'm gonna. I'm going to walk you through this process.

But. I want you to do this with me okay. All right. So share my screen okay.

I'm gonna make this bigger okay. So these are the suggestions you guys gave me okay. So here's what. I want you to do.

I want you to write out an affirmation based on what you've just given me. So on your. PE on your paper write out an affirmation and post it in the chat most people's um let me see here. I am consistent very good.

So um lyd's affirmation was. I am consistent. I make offers daily perfect very simple they don't have to be long drawn out processes all right. I don't see anybody else's anybody else want to.

I'm organically and truly becoming. Relentless in all ways that are right. For me okay. Somebody's been studying language patterns okay.

Clients come to me who's is that uh that's ly again um. Renard says. I have the perfect thing to say in the moment okay. Um.

I sleep deepfully and peacefully um that's not one that was on here. But okay. So you see that the basic structure of most people's uh affirmation or suggestion is. I am blank right.

I am consistent. I. Make. It.

Rain because. I made money. I. I sleep deeply right.

So it's either. I or. I am right. So that's the basic structure of the affirmation or suggestion that you're writing okay.

So here's what you're going to do you're going to do a little differently okay. You're gonna you're going to start off the same way. I am blank. Then you're going to type because now before you do this.

I want you to take the the affirmation. I want you to take the affirmation that you've just written and like we did before. I want you to repeat it to yourself scan your body notice how different you feel repeat it to yourself five times and notice what if anything changes in your body and type in in the chat what you noticed feelings seem to be building scale of scale of 0 to 10 where where did it start where is it now went from like a two to a six good that's not bad how many repetitions did it take five reps okay. My shoulders feel.

Freer and chest feels lighter okay. All right. Great now. I want.

Nicole say three good now check in with your body and now what. I want you to do is. I want you to rewrite your affirmation. So the.

First part will be exactly what you just said. Then you're going to type the word or you're going to write the word because and you're going to let your unconscious mind fill in the blank okay. So using a very simple example um be relentless is hell right. We'll use we'll use the.

First one here right. So. I want to be relentless right. So the.

First thing the. First thing we do is. I am. Relentless that's a pretty good affirmation it's a pretty good suggestion.

But if. I say. I am. Relentless because.

I do whatever it takes to win maybe. I. I start the same thing. I say.

I am. Relentless because. I never quit. I am.

Relentless because. I want it okay. Now the structure of your information is very simple. I am.

X whatever that is because let your unconscious mind fill in the blank the secret to this guys whatever comes up. First that's what you use and. So. I want you guys to go ahead and create your suggestions using the.

I am because structure and. Then repeat those out loud and tell me what changes and how much when you're done type done in the chat you don't have to type it you don't have to type your new affirmations in the chat. I just want you to speak them out loud and notice what changes and how fast. So.

James says it's feeling gets stronger repeating it this way than when. I repeated it before huh isn't that interesting and here's why when you consciously. So n coleta said felt less than the. First okay.

Interesting that that's unusual. First my words changed from. I want to because. I am went from one to.

So you're. So lyy says her the intensity of what she was doing went from a one to a nine is that useful now here's here's the rationale behind this when you give yourself an. I am statement and that belief has no. Root to it in other words it doesn't have a cause and effect it only has an effect your brain doesn't perceive a complete belief right.

Now if you were to say if. I were to give you an affirmation for example like. I say like if you were to take like for the the. Relentless example that.

I have here if you were to use the example. I generated it would not have the same impact on you as it does on me the reason for that is because you didn't make it up your nervous system didn't create it because your nervous system didn't create it your nervous system processes it like any other suggestion. But when you ask using the. Relentless suggestion because it's very simple when you say.

I am. Relentless because and the. First thing that pops up is what you fill in the blank with and you speak that your brain came up with that conclusion and. So it accepts that belief completely and it will activate stores of energy motivation and generate reasons why you can do that it's the difference you guys know what you guys know what a kidney transplant is right.

Yes. Okay. So if. I let's say something.

God forbid something happens to one of my kidneys right. And. I'm given a choice right. I find the the most.

Cutting. Edge medical facility they do all this stem cell work and they say. David look. We have two ways we can approach this we can put you on the donor list and you'll get a kidney and we have a kidney for you.

So there's not going to be much of a weight or we can take some cells from your. Healthy kidney and we can clone you a new kidney which one's going to work the. Clone you mean the transplanted kidney won't [Music] work will the transplanted kidney work it'll work if the body accepts it. Oh you mean there'll be more resistance from something that came outside of me from outside of me than something that comes from inside of me right.

Well guess where the most powerful thoughts come from guess where the most powerful beliefs come from that's right. This is called a. Yin formation as opposed to an affirmation or power well. I could also call them power formation that's an advanced technique you see when you say.

I am. X or. I do. X or.

I have. X because your brain has to fill in the. Gap because your own brain fills in the reason regardless of how stupid the reason may sound that's the reason your neurology accepts and that's why your brain lights up and your body lights up and gets all excited because that's a clear path to manifestation you understand this is the language of belief. So when.

I speak a belief it comes out in an i. AMX or. I do. X because structure.

But if. I in if. I created an incomplete belief structure and my brain fills in the rest and. I say it to myself my brain says okay.

That's true your brain believes it does that make sense by the way all of your belief systems are built this way they're just spiraling cause effect meaning statements okay. So now take your suggestions and put them in the. I am blank because structure fill in the blanks say them to yourself and notice what changes take take a couple minutes and do that and. Then report coming into the home stretch here guys by the way thank you all.

So much for hanging out and. I hope. I'm delivering on the promises that. I made and um the nice thing is if you take these these these informations that you're doing and you speak them into a voice recorder and you just play them in the background or while you're going to sleep at night you don't need an induction that's the cool part you don't need an induction the language pattern itself will create an altered state um and because it's in harmony with your your belief system.

James says how many times to get it locked in is the true wow right. Okay. Okay. Again you'll learn about the specific language patterns in the.

CPI course when you get that lyy says it feels more easy and more true. James says. David you're giving us everything tonight. I'm giving you things you can use right.

Away right. There's whole systems of stuff that we offer you you have to decide how much of that you can handle okay. But take this this is level one information technique okay. We have probably two or three other levels for this gets more and more powerful okay.

But um this is a game changer right. If you're someone who didn't like affirmations or didn't believe in affirmations and things of that nature um this this can give you a significant advantage and the best part is you don't need to do an induction just have it playing in the background all right. Well. I'm coming up to the end of my uh my time.

So uh because. I'm a good marketer and. I want you guys to to be part of the fam remember that this offer is only good until. I log off the webinar tonight and.

I really want you guys to be part of the crew. So what you're going to get is the secrets of. Personality transformation ultimate mind control training home study course it's a $2,497 value you're going to get the identity by. Design hypnotherapy home study course and the manual that goes with it it's $1,497 value we're going to give this to you free you're going to get the hidden laws of traction manifestation and mind control training uh $1,497 value we're going to give that to you free you're going to get the.

Stell. CPI. Universal persuasion protocol $1,950 value we're going to give that to you free you're going to get the. Renegade reframing overcoming objections and conversational belief change home study program $1,950 value we're going to give it to you free you're going to get a three-month trial to the.

NLP power. Mastermind mentoring program it's a $1,597 value we're going to give it to you free you're going to get that. VIP super ticket to the. Next defense against the dark arts.

Fay certification $3,150 value we're going to give it to you free. But only if you sign on only if you click that link right. Now before. I log off the webinar when.

I log off the webinar the. Last four bonuses go away okay. You're going to get that. VIP ticket to the.

Next self- transformation virtual healing intensity coming up this weekend. June 28th through the 30th it's a $2,497 value we're going to give this to you free the total package value if you bought it individually on the website is $16,728. But you can get all of it uh for one low investment of 9.97 and it will. I promise you.

I guarantee it will change your life or you get your money back okay. You can break that up into three easy installments of just 3.97 each just click the link right. Now www.lpower.com mind click the link. NLP power.com slmi n d mind um make sure everybody's got the linkages right.

Uh click your links right. Now before it's too late because when. I stop when. I log out it goes away all right.

Um that's what. I got for you if you guys got a lot of benefit from tonight's webinar after you click the link please like and share this video if you have comments and questions by all means go to the replay re-watch certain sections that were relevant to you post your questions share to people who you think can benefit from this because my job is to change the world one person at a time starting with you and. I want you to do is pay it forward that's all. I got for tonight love you if you have any questions.

I'm happy to to stick around for a few minutes to answer that otherwise all right.
