Title: Law of Attraction: How To Use The Law of Attraction To Manifest Anything
File Name: wKSfRRVsbrk.txt
Video Id: wKSfRRVsbrk
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wKSfRRVsbrk

Let's talk about your self-esteem and why this is important anybody here know who. John asaraf is okay. I hung out with. John was a a a a member of.

Lisa's. Mastermind. I got to hang out with him a few times and. I think he probably said it better than anybody else on the planet when he said you can never outperform your own level of self-esteem or selfworth okay.

You see this dramatically. Illustrated all the time in uh people who win the lottery right. They win a million bucks or five million bucks or even 20 million bucks 10 years. Later they're broke why because the cash that came in didn't match the internal representation they had of themselves on the inside unless we can get that shifted you will only rise to a certain level in your life the moment we can begin to shift how you view yourself and your own sense of selfworth everything around you must change your unconscious mind is the single biggest goal achieving mechanism on the planet.

But it can only seek to create on the outside what is on the inside now you have beliefs which are cool. But you have two sets of beliefs just like you have two prices of admission for everything you have two sets of beliefs beliefs you know about and beliefs that you don't and it's the beliefs you don't know about that more often than not will undermine your success okay. Now we have some very specific protocols we probably won't get too deep into those tonight. I will tell you about them.

I may have to demo one of them or something. But there's a there's some very specific processes that we're going to use to start taking out the trash as. I like to call it that's the success formula you see most people go through life with the equivalent of a jet engine and an anchor strapped to their back and it's the difference between the drag from the anchor and the thrust from the jet engine engine that determines how far you get how fast most people just try to put more fuel in the engine and hope it it it gets them where they want to go well the problem is is the more thrust you put in the engine the more drag you create on the anchor that's just physics you'll find a lot of my stuff is based on how the physical. Universe operates because you can't go wrong with physics just kind of there right.

Metaphysics is really. As. Above. So.

Below you'll find there's a lot of parallels that you can draw about how the mind actually works are consistent and will work for you. So the. First thing we want to do in terms of getting what we. First of all we want to know what we want don't we right.

We want to have a very clear picture a very clear feeling of what it is we want to attract into our life now here's the thing avoid getting hyp specific and when. I talk about hypers specific. I'm mostly concerned about how that particular event is supposed to manifest and how long see we calibrate things in terms of success or failure. But the primary way that we determine whether something is successful or a failure is based on the amount of time it takes to achieve it if we set an arbitrary time frame and we don't achieve what we want in that set amount of time we automatically qualify it as a failure.

But if we remove the time constraint on it and we work with our unconscious. Dynamics which we'll talk a little bit about the unconscious will make it happen at the appropriate time. Then you won't have to deal with failure it's just a question of it hasn't happened yet and that is a very encouraging thing for us we tend to get really discouraged a minute we miss a deadline okay. I know some of this flies in the face of other systems you may have been taught that's okay.

Take this stuff go out use it see if it works for you if it doesn't. Chuck it.
