Title: wLHAs76pvzM.txt
Video Id: wLHAs76pvzM
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wLHAs76pvzM

Get up and do stuff anybody want to work with this this young lady or should. I just assign people randomly five minutes a day the secret is is when you do when you do this okay. Take it to just where she words it's just a little bit on the uncountable there right. There this is where she can work now because if you go any further the pains gonna be too much she's gonna lose her ability to control there you go feel it good that's how you start you start off with small increments and.

Then as you get acclimated to it you'll be able to again. So. I can do it. I can do this right.

So here right. So there's a little bit of tension here right. So all we want to do now is is just breathe the tension out in through the nose you can look. At it if you want there you go and you go away yeah and you can do that lay on you're playing the ground real quick actually.

I'll do this with. Billy. So one of the things that we do here. I'll show you guys this real quick.

Billy come here no. Is your mind in the area yeah because she's feeling it. So much she's freezing it and. I can feel it okay.

That's okay. If that helps you put your mind it that's where our biggest challenge will be is putting our mind in the spot usually if you have a real strong pain putting your mind in the spot and finding it won't be the problem right. In the spinning technique which. I did with you.

I had you look. At it and point to it there's a whole bunch of neurological reasons why. I did that okay. I lit up your brain like a.

Christmas tree to do to do what we did. But this is this is where we're going with this one of the things that again. I showed you that that you can actually practice this when doing your. AR.

T with with dr. Don or dr. John or dr. Anna and one of the ways that you can do this and this is an exercise we do in the martial arts.

But again if you have partners that don't mind being malicious to you in a way that actually makes you better you can practice like this this is a relaxation exercise. But it's also one of those sizes where you can take this burst breathing technique and begin to functionalize it to make it something that you can have on demand. So what. Billy's gonna do is he's just gonna assume a push-up position somewhere on my body okay.

And all he wants to do now and again you don't have to do this. I make it look. Easy. But why yeah one of the things that happens is you'll find out real real quick just like if you ever had a deep tissue massage you'll find every place you're carrying tension that you didn't know you had and when we do this drill what we would do is every place we find it's kind of like a hot spot we would take some moments a few moments or.

However long put our mind in it and breathe it out. So you can literally walk up and down the body finding those hot spots right. Go ahead that's right. And.

I can do it you can just continue to walk up and down okay. And the whole point. I do this plot. So and.

I actually am kind of doing weird things right. Now. But the point is is that we're carrying much more tension in our body than we consciously are aware of and it's those unconscious tensions that are causing most of our problems emotionally socially and and athletically when we can learn to really find our tension and systematically remove it you're gonna find out very very quickly that without doing anything else your performance is going to jump yes. Okay.

Provided yes. Here's the thing we need to understand provided we're not doing something that's a biomechanically incorrect remember biomechanic that's why you're here biomechanics are important just as important in the place that's most neglected in terms of performance enhancement is the mind and how it all works together now right. Yeah it's still happening what a play yeah all right. Stand up.

So it's in your knee. So. I want you to do is. I want you to point to where you feel the pain physically point to it back here okay.

So here's actually end up close your eyes. Now look. At the area with your inner eyes. I want you to notice that there's a color associated with that sensation what's the color.

First impression lil here's what. I want you to do this is kind of fun. I want you to retake both of your hands. I want you to reach into your knee with both your hands take all that blue energy out take it out and hold it in your hands in front of you physically reach in grab it take it all out make sure you have it all cuz sometimes that hides.

I'll tell you just hold it in your hands in front of you take it all out make sure you've got it it all there cuz sometimes it hides good now as you look. At it with your inner eyes. I want you to notice it's moving in a the way did the color change or stay the same okay. As you look.

At it notice it's moving in a certain direction what direction is it moving right. A clockwise. So what. I want you to.

I want you to take it in both of your hands and physically turn it. So it's moving the opposite of what it was yep now double the spin double it again keep doubling it over and over and over again until it takes on a life of its own until it's impossible for it to go back the way it was and when you know you got it and only when you know you've got it slam it back in anywhere into your knee okay. Shh notice the change notice it's going notice what happens when you try to bring it back the color change scale of zero to ten how's it feel. Oh doctor gone lost another one you ever big round of applause it's just how your nervous system works.

I know it's weird we change the coding system that your nervous system uses to make sense of that information when you change the code you change the experience okay. I can take intense pain and turn it into intense pleasure by. I'm really wide no. Actually what will be the primary determiner is the biomechanics you apply many times.

I've used this on tumors. I've shrunk tumors by 50% after one session. I've used it on tachycardia high blood pressure migraines low back pain 25 year long cases of chronic constipation herpes outbreaks migrant. I say migraines what else.

I have one. I have a student that's now used it on multiple sclerosis symptoms we've had three cancers - weird huh right. It usually doesn't come back well provided you address the biomechanics all right. Many times when there we have a pain it's not the body that's doing it it's the emotional body it's the emotions okay.

One of the one of the problems that we have when we're dealing with pain it just won't go away is that there's an emotion associated with the the reason it's there and until you address the emotion the pain will not go away and that's why most of the people. I work with come from the doctors here because people come in and they're mad as hell at things. I you know one of the one of the most common things that happens especially in terms of accidents is people get in an accident and they're mad at everyone. But they have a social they have a religious upbringing a social upbringing family upbringing that says they're not allowed to brest certain things that they're wrong they're bad people for feeling certain ways and.

So you have a part of you that's angry at this and part of you that's angry at that and they can't express any of it well one of the aspects of your unconscious mind is that it stores those things in the body until such a time that we can actually go back revisit it reprocess it and release it okay. But we don't it's like. The. Bachelor what you ever seen these - these sitcoms were like there's this badger coming over or as bachelors got this his bachelor pad he's got this hot date coming over and his place is trashed you got six months of pizza boxes on the floor all those dirty laundry's there and what does he do he stuffs everything under the mat in the closet any place he can hide it and.

Then a week. Later he goes to open the closet he gets caught in an avalanche welcome to the world of psychosomatic illness okay. Most of us have a ton of stuff percolating below the surface. So it hasn't reached the threshold yet.

But it's still there and it still affects us usually when we go to the doctor it's because it's reached the point where we just can't frigging tolerate it anymore and they go in they get a. RT and they get chiropractic and they get ultrasound and they get a certain level of relief and. Then it stops or they get a certain level of relief it goes away two weeks. Later it comes back right.

That's when they call me okay. It's not about one being better than the other it's finding out what's what still needs to be addressed. So in terms of your knee probably won't come back okay. As long as you're not doing anything that's biomechanically inappropriate right.

Many times when. I do these techniques people burst out and sweat they burst out crying they tear up for whatever reason that's part of the shedding process it's part of your body releasing the emotional charge connected to an event many times we have accidents because we're angry our unconscious mind will generate those weird accidents to get our attention. But we don't realize it because we don't make the conscious connection until some weird. I would know social life comes along like me thanks and it kind of demonstrates weirdness right.

So questions feeling good she's like happy she's like that's worth the price of admission right. Okay. Yes. Absolutely absolutely.

I teach this you know and. I'm getting actually we're getting a lot of attention with this particular protocol because. I we actually we actually. I was downloaded to me back in 2005 and.

I used it here and there. But. I never really thought a lot of it. Then.

I wound up in. China a couple years ago to help a family member who was suffering from cancer and. I didn't speak the language and. I thought my wife was gonna treat her cuz dr.

Don speaks. Chinese and. I don't turns out. I was the one who wound up treating her and we used primarily interventions like this a couple of other things for clearing out emotional baggage and thing by the way no.

Such thing as an emotionally healthy cancer patient okay. Anytime you have cancer most chronic illness yes. There's lifestyle maybe some genetics it's usually emotion usually before the age of five by the way everybody who comes in to me comes to see me is lying they think they know what the problem is. But it the unconscious mind knows different.

So. But one of the ways in terms of performance enhancement one of the fastest ways to up your performance is get rid of your baggage get rid of the ancillary stress in your life or at least the what changed the way it affects you okay. So this is what. I just get what.

I just showed you with with your knee and with your knee actually was called neuro neuro somatic. Repat earnings it's a way of accessing how your nervous system the language your nervous system uses to create an experience when we change that code we change what your nervous system does with the information okay. It's not hocus-pocus it's not white light. New.

Age. Reiki by the way. I'm also an energy healer. I do.

I'm a licensed acupuncture. I do almost no. Acupuncture why this blows it out okay. Generally speaking when you're talking about by what you guys have found this was this cool alright.

Anybody have questions about anything this means yes. This means no. There'll be a test well how we doing on time. Mike it is 11 o'clock.

I'm almost done. I got 5 minutes. I'll take questions. I don't have time to show any more cool stuff.

But you guys understand burst breathing yes. You just can't get out here only give me a little bit more absolute ly square breathing will help any time you shift your attention from the movie in your head to your breath the internal let's try this this everybody stand up watch this this is cool you know. I'm gonna teach damn it you're gonna learn. So here's what.

I want you to do is. I want you to pay attention to the voice in your head right. And if you don't know what. I'm talking about it's the voice that just said what voice and what.

I want you to do now is just shift from listening to the voice to focusing on the breath coming in through your nose and out through your mouth in one continuous cycle don't even put any gaps in it just in through the nose out through the mouth one continuous cycle nothing else just focus okay. Now another thing that you can do is you can change your posture one of the things that we need to understand about the body mind continuum is that our physiology how we stand how we breathe affects our mental state how many people how many guys who would like to up their testosterone output by 25 percent and. I think that would improve your performance in more ways than one right. Ladies do you think 25 percent increase in your testosterone would help your performance say yes.

They. Finally just it just. Finally got around to proving what. I've been teaching for years the physiology the way you stand changes your psycho emotional state if you stand in were considered triumphant or alpha-male postures what do people do when they win right.

If you stand like that for as little as two minutes and do nothing else your testosterone will increase by 25% at science that's they just announced that it was. Amanda. Cuddy. Ted.

Todd okay. Okay. I've been teaching that that approach we call it state controlling the systems. I teach for well over 20 years.

But you want to feel like for instance there's something just won't get out of your head right. So here's what. I want you to do. I want you to think of a time when you felt the opposite of what that represents to you and now what.

I want you to do is. I want you to stand the way you were standing do it that means do it stand the way you were standing breathed the way you were breathing and just hold it notice and now try to feel that other voice again notice what happened exactly the fastest way the most powerful way the most foolproof way to shift your mental state to get into the zone is to get the physiology you had the. Last time you were in it you see most people try to control their bodies through their willpower and that's great provided you've had enough sleep provided you've had enough food and the environment isn't. So neurologically overwhelming that you have to constantly be in control of your emotions when you go when you when you start to approach your mindset through how you hold your body it creates.

So much what. I call emotional amplitude it overwrites your willpower and as long as you can remember to hold the stature you can hold the position you will maintain the state. I'm gonna play a little game real quick and. Then.

I gotta go. So here's what. I want you to do. I call this the.

Master and. Commander technique or the rockstar technique here's how it works. I want you to remember a time when you owned the room right. Can you think of a time when you walked into a room and every eye was on you and you just felt absolutely unstoppable as you do that.

I want you to stand the way you were standing breathed the way you were breathing and really go there give yourself permission to go there okay. Remember the secret to this is absorption and focus like when you play pretend as a little kid okay. Some of you were. Batman some of you were.

Batgirl and what. I want you to do now is as you hold that posture as you breathe that way try to feel bad without changing anything notice you can't do it right. Now for this. Next part.

I need you to turn around and face the other direction because. I don't want you looking at me when this happens okay. Being a technical term by away that secret hidden influence techniques all right. So what we're gonna do now is what.

I want you to do is. I want you to imagine a time that was less than positive maybe you you went for some it didn't work out quite the way you expected and you were kind of disappointed while you worst in while you're standing that way we're not gonna stay here too long cuz. I'm gonna show you something really cool in a minute while you're standing that way try to feel good notice it's kind of hard now while holding on to that less than pie of emotion shift your body back to the triumphant state to the bit through the winter state notice what happens hold the posture do the secret to this is you got to remember to hold it and try to feel bad while holding that triumphant winter state nobody she can't do it congratulate such a round look. Up here you've just learned how to take control of your emotions in any environment okay.

Now that's all. I have time for. I'm happy to that's who's up. Next dr.

Anna you're up. Next right. Now dr. John all right.

It's my play anybody have a seat you guys have fun with this all right. It's my pleasure to bring up our newest addition to the action chiropractic family he's an expert in what's. FMR fo f. NS yeah.

I think you tell much. I've actually read up on. Doctor. John.

But he's doing good things and. I want to please welcome dr. John. Rustin to the stage you can have the mic hold on one sec.

I'm gonna get some stuff set up here.
