Title: 4w0lse0I94M.txt
Video Id: 4w0lse0I94M
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4w0lse0I94M

E e e e e e e e e e e e e e e one minute warning and here we go hello hello hello my friends hopefully the the record is the recorder is running. I a. Dr. David.

Snider here welcome to another episode of one of my favorite topics to talk about even though sometimes it's a little bit of a little bit of a downer sometimes because of the content this is called weapons of social seduction defense against the dark arts. Edition in the. Next two and a half hours or. So.

I'm going to take you as far as. I can into the amazing and fascinating world of influence persuasion manipulation psychological operations and all things pertaining to how to get people to want to do the things you want them to do and perhaps even more importantly how to keep people from getting you to do things you don't want to do uh and how to flag those people. So again uh. I didn't.

I skipped my usual pregame warm-up. So. I'm just going to go ahead and. I'm just going to start uh giving you some basic guidelines for the.

Next two and a half to three hours. So. First and foremost if this is if you're a. First timer here to.

Planet. David uh type your name and where you're checking in from in the chat if you're a veteran of. Planet. David please take a moment and type in your name where you're checking in from and how long you've been a citizen of.

Planet. David um and uh the reason. I'm asking that is because as is my as is my um my tradition is. I don't do anything alone and what.

I mean by that is when you guys log into a webinar for anybody and. I know you guys are no. Strangers to other people's webinars and things like that you have certain expectations and. I take great pride a lot of times in kind of not following those yes.

There is an offer connected to everything that we do because we always have to give our students uh the. Next level or the the steps to take to level up. But you don't need to do that if you don't want to right. Um if you just take the skills that we're going to cover and apply them to your life today tomorrow day after you're going to see significant changes in things right.

You're going to start to see the world through a new lens and that's my goal really yes. Of course. I want you to you know buy our courses and do all those things that's that's anybody who's in the business of influence and information. But the truth is is.

I want. I want you to level up your life. I want you to be safe. I want you to be protected and there's a lot of people especially postco that have a vested interest in pardon my.

French. I should probably give you my. First disclaimer um if. Politically.

Incorrect language colorful metaphors swearing or the word boobies offend you this is probably not the best the ne the best use of your. Next two and a half to three hours and yes. I said two and a half to three hours because our we don't follow the strict 90minut webinar format okay. So there's a lot of agencies out there who are trying to mind [ __ ] you okay.

Uh through the emotions through your physical appearance all kinds of ways worst than it ever was before 2019 my job here tonight is to guide you on a journey where you can discover how these things can are working in your life and what you can do about it now that being said. I do have a few rules okay. First of all. I love questions right.

I get that uh and. But the truth is is that the more questions. I get the further off track. I tend to go.

So we have a couple of protocols in place for when you ask a question and it's very simple if you ask a question type it in the chat if. I see it and it's relevant to the point where we're at in the webinar and it won't take us too far a field. I may answer it if. I'm if.

I'm behind schedule or. I'm ahead of schedule or whatever and. I feel it's going to take us it's going to take away from the quality of the training tonight and is tonight is a training okay. We're going to be teaching you stuff we're going to be giving you experiences and.

I want you to really interact and engage and follow the instructions that we give you because that will level you up um. But if for some reason. I don't answer your question keep asking it and this is where was asking my veterans this is where. I tell you it's we're a team effort for you.

Veterans of. Planet. David if you see a question in the chat that. I didn't answer and you have direct experience and uh uh solving that question or answering that question in real world using our.

Technologies. I invite you in the most unobtrusive way to reach out to the person asking the question and give them your experience using our. Technologies uh to solve that problem okay. Um if that's still not enough if you want a direct answer from me and.

I don't give it to you during this webinar and it's very simple every webinar has a replay at the end of this. Replay. YouTube is going to process the content and. Then it's going to make it available in the live stream for section of our our.

YouTube channel if you go to that channel you find the comment section and you type your question in. I make it a practice three four five times a week to go through the channel and answer as many comments as. I can. I delete the trolls and the spammers right.

Um because like any good shepherd you got to make sure your flock is healthy right. Um and. I will answer your question if. I know the answer.

I'll tell you if. I don't know the answer. I'll tell you that too and. I'll point you in a direction that.

I think um you have the best chance of getting your questions answered is that a fair trade if you think that's fair go ahead and type that's fair in the chat for me cool all right. Very good now to our beloved fans out in. YouTube land um your chats are in real time. But the video has about a 60c or.

So. DeLay. So sometimes. I'll be asking for something and you're about a minute be by the time you guys answer you're about a minute behind.

Okay. But. I will do my best to answer your questions too. So.

I have two chats going right. Now uh while. I'm teaching this content and that being said let me explain tonight is going to go all right. There are three levels to our content you have foundations you have.

Next steps and you have application and uh customization. So let me explain those for you. First part of our our program is all about the foundations the must have information you need to be able to apply what's coming in the other two sections okay. The whole point of it is to give you a set of principles and experiences that you can have you can actually prove to yourself these things are powerful and work and you can start using them right.

Away. So when you grab the entire system. Then you'll know that it's it's the real thing and. So forth.

So that being said. I'm going to give you some other reasons why that's true in just a minute when we start the the information part of our our webinar. Tonight. Part.

Two is. Next steps that's where we show you the packages we put together we tell you how to level your skills up what to do. Next we explain how that works um what all your options are after phase two phase three is called the customization and integration phase each and every one of you here tonight true or not true you can type it in the chat true or not true had a very specific thing you wanted to use these skills for true not true there was a a particular application maybe it's romance maybe it's making more money maybe it's getting better along better with your spouse helping your clients you all had something that you wanted as a byproduct from tonight's training true that's true for you type that in chat make money perfectly valid application helping clients awesome sauce right. I'm going to show you how to customize the content of what.

I teach and the systems that. I teach to help you with those applications now obviously. I can't drill down on every single person's application. But what.

I can do is. I can look. At what the majority of you really most want to know about because when you clicked on this webinar you had a very specific outcome and. I want to make sure that you come away as a byproduct uh of this training being able to do those things does that make sense okay.

So. But once again if this is the scope of every single thing that there is to learn about influence persuasion and especially the. Dark. Side of persuasion we've got time for this.

So my commitment as your guide your teacher your. Mentor your instructor is to take you as far down this. Rabbit. Hole as.

I can to empower you as deeply as humanly possible and give you the the steps to take to take it even further that's my commitment to you is that a fair trade yes. Or yes. That's. T harveer would say make more money and my.

SP you want to make your spouse more money. Christopher is that what you're all right. El's corner right. On expand my knowledge of.

NLP okay. Good stuff good stuff okay. So. First and foremost uh is this the right.

Place for you well let's find out if you can answer yes. And when and when. I say when if you can answer yes. I want you to type yes.

Uh in the chat if any of these apply to you or if you want to use the skills in this uh in this webinar to accomplish any of these how many of you by a show of that's me in the chat would like to be more super attractive to the opposite sex maybe might have you if you have other people find you charming fascinating and irresistible would that change your life in any way shape or form how many of you would like to banish fear and insecurity and move through the world radiating confidence and authority and have people just deferring to your suggestions and directions would that be something that's that's worthwhile for you. I already saw some people here obviously you guys want to make more money if. I could show you a nearly bulletproof way to eliminate all resistance from your communication and get people salivating for you your product or service would that be something you'd be interested in learning about here's an even more important important question because everybody wants to learn about something. But here's the question.

I have for you is it something you're willing to do something about because nothing good in your life happens when you learn the learning only has value when you act upon it when you take the actions that you took. The time to learn about. So that you can do. So are you willing to take actions on these things.

So only answer yes. If you're willing to take actions on the things. I'm talking about otherwise you might as well go watch. The.

Three. Stooges or. Gossip. Girl or whatever you're doing how many of you would like to be able to protect yourself from manipulators and easily handle difficult people more easily would that would that be helpful okay.

That's on the that's on the to-do list tonight if you like to be able to program yourself to create massive. Financial abundance with more than enough money to do the things you want anybody here on board with that all right. I'm going to show you how to do that if you'd like to be able to nail two or three jobs interviews on the spot and have them salivating to hire you that's on the to-do list to type yes. In the chat if that's something you might want or need or find useful as a backup plan right.

If you're someone who's in a leadership or management position a coach and you want to be able to you'd like to be able to inspire your employees your children or your spouse to do what you want them to do you know to do what you know you need them to do. So that they get the results they're paying you good money for type yes. In the chat if. You' ever fantasized about being able to surround yourself with a tribe.

A group of people that love you appreciate you validate you support you believe what you believe who value what you value type yes. In the chat because it's on the to-do list too right. If you'd like if you've ever fantasized about being like. Obi-Wan these are not the droids you're looking for right.

Easily put anyone under your spell just by using a few basic patterns or basic words just by talking to them and perhaps even more importantly perhaps you'd like to stop somebody from pulling a. Jedi mind trick on you is that something you'd like to learn about be interested in all right. That's on the to-do list. So of course uh let me just close this window really quick.

I'm bouncing around between four or five windows. So um. So a lot of people ask who the hell is. Dr.

David. Snider and why should. I care right. Why am.

I why am. I even remotely qualified to talk to you about this material well. First and foremost. I am an actual doctor of acupuncture and.

Oriental medicine. I finished my. Oriental medical training um to to be licensed in. California in 2005.

I got my doctorate in 2018. I believe it was 2018 2019. I'm working on a. Second doctorate right.

Now in uh a more expansive approach to. Chinese energetic medicine and energy psychology specifically as my focus. But. I've had a clinical practice there's a copy of my doctorate by the way.

I've had a clinical practice in salana. Beach. California for the. Last 18 years where.

I focused on treating physiological illness caused by repressed emotions in other words. I spent a lot of time tracking and dealing with emo physical illness that's caused by how people are thinking and feeling what they're dealing with what they're not dealing with what their motivations are to do that to not do that. So. I've had a faceful of stuff uh about how people use their minds inexpertly to create crap in their life right.

Most disease in my opinion is a form of negative manifestation the people who manifest diseases are powerful powerful manifestors they're just doing it in the wrong direction. So a lot of times all we need to do is get their. Direction. Changed and your whole life changes automatically.

But even perhaps even more importantly and relevant to tonight's webinar for the. Last going on nine years. I've been ranked among the top to. NLP trainers in the world by global gurus. org.

I've authored over well over 15 different products on various forms of persuasion influence for therapeutic applications for uh attraction and dating applications sales and marketing applications you name it um. I've spent a lot of time in fact one of the things if you read one of my other bios uh. I was one of the. First people to actually.

Pioneer the use of hypnotic language patterns and over hypnosis doing while do while performing acupuncture tremendously powerful combination more people should actually do it. But they don't uh for those of you who are interested this is a letter from. Global gurus. org uh and it it says with great pleasure to announce that your training program killer influence has been chosen by the global peers and ranked as the number one best program in the world for. NLP for 2022 we also.

I don't have the. I have a new letter that says for 2023. I'm waiting to hear if we make 2024. But 2024 is not over yet.

So the the the elements that you're going to be learning tonight are drawn from two of our most powerful most popular programs killer influence and killer influence defense against the dark arts that's where the information is coming from and it is the number one is the flagship program for. NLP training in the world to date okay. I'm really really proud of it and um it's really just a cool thing again this is again again this is what you'll be cover this is the will be covering tonight killer influence defense against the dark arts right. Program number one.

NLP program for 2023 okay. I'm also uh a master martial artist. I've been a professional martial artist for many many years uh. I have a 10th degree black belt in.

OK. And karate a fifth degree black belt in. Shaolin. Kunal uh.

Second degree black belt in. Koso koru uh. First degree black belt in fuu. Jiu-Jitsu and of course.

I have a certified instructor in combat. Systema syco monosa and a basic instructors in modern arnes. I like to. I like to make a joke that.

I've got more energy healing credentials than. McDonald sells hamburgers. I've been a raiki master teacher since before raiki was cool. I'm certified as an advanced chronic healer and chronic psychotherapist.

I'm certified an advanced. DNA. Theta healing and manifestation techniques. I'm a certified bangston energy healer and.

I'm currently working on my doctorate in. Chinese energetic medicine. AKA medical. Chiang actually a lot more in depth than.

Med regular medical. Chiang uh and hoping to. I'm hoping to finish that sometime this year or early 2025. So people see all this stuff and they ask okay.

David. I get it. But uh what what's what's the point of this. I mean the point of this is what they all have in common which is what's really important today and that's pattern recognition.

So let me explain that everything human beings do from. The. Way. We.

Walk and move to the way we think to the way we feel feel to the way we imagine to the way we speak has a structure and that structure creates patterns of thought movement emotion perception and if you have the eyes. To see and the ears to hear and you can perceive these patterns you can start to make very very accurate predictions about what somebody is most likely to do think or feel at any given moment and if you have a little bit of skill a little bit of skill. Then you also have the ability to interrupt those patterns inject a change and create a whole new direction towards what you really want in that person and in yourself. So when you ask what does what do all these things what does pattern recognition have to do with human influence practically everything everything human beings do has a pattern and a structure and if you know how to manage that structure.

Then you can write your own ticket in this world does that make sense yes. Or yes. Type it in the chat remember this is an interactive seminar. So the more interactive you get the more stuff.

I tend to give okay. I love you all right. Excellent um okay. So let's talk now about what we're going to be focusing on now.

I. I went through a really exhaustive laundry list of things you were going to be able to do the beautiful thing about that list that. I just read and had you guys raise your hands for is that a small handful of techniques used properly can allow you to do all of those and that's what's exciting that's what's. So cool about the technology.

I'm going to share with you now there's a lot more to learn than what we're going to be able to cover tonight obviously there's complete systems. But if you stay until the end this is what. I promise you. I promise you.

I will teach you the fastest most powerful and ethical way to influence people to like love trust and. Obey you because they want to not because they have to although that will be part of it too okay. I will teach you how to have people hanging on your every word and literally salivating to do what you want them to do because they want to do it not because you ask them to do it okay. It's 100% ethical and honest.

I'm going to teach you how to control and and and manage your emotions. So that nobody can push your buttons ever again right. And. I'm going to teach you how to remove resistance to your influence how many people here have ever been told no.

Way too many freaking times anybody raise your hands or type yes. That's me in the chat everybody saying no. To no. Right.

Now. I'm going to give you the the. The. Meta principle right.

Now. But the fastest most ethical way to get somebody to do what you what the thing you just they just said they didn't want to do is to have them create their own reason for doing it let me repeat that in a less tongue twisty way the most powerful ethical and honest way to get somebody to do something they just told you they do not want to do is to have them create their own reason for why they want to do it and it's very simple to do that if you follow the formula okay. So if you stay until the end you'll have an opportunity to learn that okay. Finally this comes mostly in part two of the of tonight's webinar.

I'm going to give you the exact steps needed to go from interesting information to maximum transformation and minimum time now once again information is great. But it's impotent if you don't take the right. Actions. So when you get the opportunity to grab the additional trainings and things like that.

I want you to take advantage of that okay. Not because. I say you should. But because you know it's where you need to go okay.

That that's it because again if you keep doing what you've always done you'll always get what you've always gotten if you're happy with that that's fine. But if you want something more if you want to level up your life take the steps okay. Action is is all about action okay. So here's what we're going to start with.

I want to teach you today the secret back door into every human being's nervous system this is such a simple seemingly obvious thing and yet. I am blown away every single day by how it just opens people up and allows you to get to know them and let them feel more importantly like they know you better than they know anybody else in their life it's really really cool and it forces a person to pay massive attention to you okay. We're going to talk about emotional bonding and attraction this is one of the the the solid like everybody has. Kryptonite in their heart we're going to show you how to play with it okay.

I want to teach you about the four pillars of irresistible hypnotic influence fact. I'll teach you about those right. Now okay. There are four areas of macro persuasion macro influence that you as an influen professional an agent of transformation because that's what you are whether you're doing those.

Transformations uh in a coaching context a therapist context a sales context a management or leadership context you're an agent of transformation your job is to make things change and happen right. So. Authority. First and foremost the absolute king of all influence triggers is perceived.

Authority okay. The moment somebody perceives you as an authority socially professionally militarily financially right. Lifestyle-wise they will automatically become hyper suggestible to you okay. This is really important because we want to learn how suggestibility is a is a willingness to be open and accept the suggestions and follow the instructions right.

So the. First one the top the king is. Authority okay. The.

Second one is called attractivity now attractivity is the attra the phenomena of. Attraction there's two aspects to this being attracted and becoming attractive and. So that's the whole secret of attractivity how do you become not just physically attractive which is something you should learn to manage. Anyway.

But how do you become emotionally attractive to people right. How does that happen and how do you up your emotional attraction. But even more importantly how do you keep somebody else from hacking that attraction how do you keep somebody from getting access to a part of you that's very intimate and very um easily. LED if that makes any of sense we're going to show you how that works on from both sides how do we remove um and.

Finally you have. Affinity. Affinity is they're just like me connection. Rapport if any if you've been through classical sales training or ericon hypnosis even.

NLP training you hear a lot of people talk about. Rapport we're going to go a little bit higher than just report we're gonna about talk talk about something called the identity principle the identity principle is simply this people gravitate migrate towards people they identif ify with people who have something that says you're like me and the more you you become uh focused and realize you're like me with this person. Then the more you cleave and hold on to that okay. This is a really really powerful connection to have and if you understand how it works you can create filters in your mind that keep the wrong people out.

But also send up little red flags that whenever somebody's pushing those identity buttons you can become more aware of it and make a more informed decision about who you should pay attention to and who you shouldn't right. And that's really what what that's about and. Then. Finally the.

Last one is called it's called acquiescence and acquiescence is the goal to getal factor one of the things you'll discover as you begin to amp up your your influence and your charisma because that's a lot of what this a lot of what goes into charisma um goes into these these tactics as well one of the things that will start to happen is that a certain percentage of people in any group will just do what you say because you told them to do it it's it's it's a very weird right. I. I think there's a correlation between the level of natural suggestibility like a. Third of the population are hyper suggestible and.

Hyper you know they'll go into somnambulism or or those deep hypnotic. States at the drop of the hat. But the difference is is that let's say uh. I'm in a group you're in a group and there's a bunch of other like there's five or six other people all things being equal the the the.

Third of that population that will do what. I say no. Matter what just because. I said it and.

I'm there in the room will be different from the. Third of the population that does what you say just because you're there in the room and that's that that kind of kicks the whole idea of of of uh. Universal suggestibility in the teeth a little bit. So those are the four if you have any two you'll automatically generate a.

Third right. So if. I if. I combine.

Authority and attractivity. I'll get acquiescence right. If. I if.

I combine. Affinity with attractivity. I'll tend to get. Authority right.

So this is kind of what's really cool is they can stand alone or they can be combined. But what's really interesting especially where. Authority and attractivity are concerned is the kind of compliance that you get is different when you have somebody who has a high level of authority and authority is the only the only uh principle that does not require necessarily does not require high levels of. Rapport or.

Affinity to function right. When. So when you when you have a high enough level of authority people will do what you say. But they will find a way to to to get payback we call it passive aggressive or reactant behaviors they'll find a way to [ __ ] you back okay.

So you you've all seen this where people who've gotten a little. Napoleonic complex because they were given a little too much power and they were just throwing their weight around you had to obey him. But you found a way to make him pay for it right. So too much.

Authority without anything to buffer it will create compliance. But it will also create things designed to uh be. P to passively aggress against that that through reactants okay. Whereas high levels of attractivity in other words you have physical and emotional attraction going on people will simply do what you ask because they want to please you because they want to to be validated by you right.

So you get a very different and and. So they'll have much more of a fawning type of a behavior to them. So you'll get compliance from each of the four. But the.

Dynamics of how that's expressed and what can happen as a byproduct of that training is is very very different. So we'll talk more about that in in the killer influence training okay. Um of course we're going to talk about how to remove resistance we're going to teach you. Finally how to really take control of your life.

So you can get the life you want the way you want it and master yourself from the inside out does that sound like a plan yes. Or yes. Participants raise your hand. I don't see the hands raising.

So type yes. In the chat for me excellent very good. I like to see lots of yeses going by it makes me happy all right. So let's talk about where this let me give you the gun right.

So think. I want you to think of each of the techniques tonight that we're going to cover like bullets for a gun. I know. I don't care.

I don't. I'm not you know or whatever whatever tool delivers a a projectile to a. Target if you like bow and arrow think of them as bow and arrows right. All right.

Uh what. I want to share with you tonight is the core of the killer influence in defense against the. Dark. Art system this is something.

I. I would like you. I would encourage you to take a screenshot obviously. I don't have time to go through every single step because we need to get you into content as soon as possible.

But this is what uh this would look. Like out in the field. So. I'm going to go ahead and share my screen okay.

So what you're seeing here is called the. UN the. CPI killer influence system the. CPI model we call this the universal persuasion protocol it's a formula a recipe that you follow.

So it starts with knowing what you want this is the most important thing when it comes to being an influencer or an agent of change when you are an agent of transformation there are different types of conversations that you have some conversations are to create understanding some conversations are designed to create an action or a change some con some conversations are designed to allow somebody to express themselves. So let me be very clear there are three types of conversation in any given interaction there is. UN um. Communications designed to convey understanding.

Communications designed to create results and communication designed for expression yes. You yeah you have my permission to take a screenshot. I just don't want to find it in anybody anybody else's product all right. So it's important to understand that in the context of what we're going to be talking about you have in your mind a specific outcome that you want to achieve right.

So the. First thing is what is that outcome is it to express yourself is it to create a direction or behavior or a product of a be you know something you want somebody to do as a result of that or is it something that is designed to convey understanding most people when most people communicate they try to communicate from a place of expression or understanding. But from this moment forward as an agent of transformation your. Communications need to create a result in the mind of the subject that you're directing these communications at in other words there's going to be something that you're going to want them to do okay.

So you've got to know what your outcome is and you have to be able to measure it right. Now if. I this were an. NLP class.

I. I could go through this long drawn out keys to an achievable outcomes smart goals yada yada yada what's most important is that you have some way to know if you are moving towards what you want or away from it that's reliable. I don't care what that is okay. After you know what you want and you have a way to measure it you've got to control your own psychoemotional.

State okay. You have to move through the world in a place in a state that allows you to deploy your resources in a comfortable and appropriate way you have to get rapport with your subject you know words you have to connect with them and let them feel that connection in such a way that they open up completely to you and me and. Then use the language that you skills that you have to manage the state of the subject. So you have to you have to be able to uh profile where they are and where you verses where you need them to be on the behavior scale and move them from state to state to state until they become the person that's willing to take the action you want them to do now that sounds really difficult it's actually really really easy if you follow this formula and do what you're told to do okay.

You don't have to believe it that's the best part about um the content of tonight's webinar you don't have to believe it you just have to do it you have to follow the instructions and you'll get your result after that you want to jump into whatever process is normal for them to want to do what you want them to do and. Then notice it says here link to their criteri and values what does that really mean it means bond to their emotional needs words you're going to find out as a byproduct of tonight's training how to elicit and evoke the emotional needs that anyone has for anything you want them to do and as long as you can keep those connected they will within a certain amount of time do what you want out of default because it satisfies their own emotional needs and gives you what you want we call that a win-win right. We call that a win-win situation right. And the best part about all of this is that this will allow you to ethically and honestly influence people to do what you want them to do without ever having to lie cheat or steal now obviously we don't have time to go through all of these.

So. I'm just going to cherry-pick some of the biggest bang for your bucks in this process. But let me let me. Circle back to the the core about tonight's webinar it is not necessary for you to lie cheat prevaricate mislead or coers somebody to do what you want with these skills.

But there are people out there who have no. Scruples about doing exactly that because if you understand how to bond to people's emotional needs you can get them to eagerly want to do whatever it is you want them to do if you're willing to lie right. We don't. Advocate that.

But you've got to understand that that's a possibility if you want to be able to protect yourself from these. Predators out there we call them we call them persuasion. Predators manipulators right. The narcissists the.

Triads the sociopaths right. The human traffickers the the con artists the grifters right. They're these people are extraordinarily good at zeroing in on your emotional needs and stimulating them in such a way that you feel. So good when you're around them that you will do what they say because you don't want to lose that connection okay.

We don't do that. But there are people out there who will and you need to understand both sides of that coin. I'm goingon to. I call this sharpening the knife that protects you.

So let me let me explain that. Principle as you saw from my my resume right. I've been a martial artist for a long time a long time and one of the things that. I learned from some of my.

I had had some great instructors some super great teachers one of the things they taught me was that if you ever go to a self-defense class and the instructor tries to teach you something like how to protect yourself against a knife or a gun. But they don't teach you how to use that knife or gun. First leave the school why because if you don't understand how that weapon is used how that tool is used because that's all a weapon is is a tool right. The gun doesn't care who it stab who it shoots the knife doesn't care who it stabs it's the person behind it wielding it that's who you've got to deal with.

So the thing all of these tools are tools if you're a good person you'll use them for good if you're not. So good person you should log off the webinar because. I don't want to teach you right. But there are people out there and there's lots of high highly paid highly funded three-letter agencies out there doing this stuff to you every moment of every single day and if you don't have the eyes.

To see and the ears to hear you are going to become a. Target and a victim of these skills. So my job is to take you off the menu. But.

I can only do that if you follow the instructions and do what what. I what. I need you to do to be safe does that make sense is is is that clarify things because well what does all this have to do with protecting myself from manipulation everything right. I need to teach you how to get the things you want without crossing the.

Jedi line into the. Sith territory right. But. I also need you to be able to to to do both sides right.

I have to teach you how to use these things before. I can teach you how to protect against them because if you can't perceive it this was something that um one of my more colorful mentors uh. Dr. John larette taught me was that if you if it's not inside of you you aren't going to perceive it okay.

If you own these. T tools and these techniques when somebody uses them at you or in your presence you have a far greater likelihood of detecting it and raising your. Shields. So to speak than if you don't anything out outside of your awareness is outside of your control and that's what.

I want you to really if you have to put a big heading under this section anything outside of your awareness is outside of your control we good type yes. If you got it perfect all right. Matthew says yes. Good good good okay.

Now. So that's the universal persuasion protocol okay. If you took. A screenshot good um if not.

Circle back now here's the. Next piece what would it be like if you could literally have people salivating and hanging on your every word what if well let me ask a different question because this is one that always comes up how many people here would consider themselves an introvert just type me in that in the chat if that's trip okay. All right. Extrovert that's cool excellent how many people here hate.

Small. Talk anybody completely me right. So what if there was a way that you could walk up to just about anyone even a complete stranger ask a couple of questions and for the. Next 20 30 40 minutes hour three hours whatever 80% of the talking came out of their mouth and you didn't have to say anything cute funny or clever and they came away thinking you were the most fascinating enthralling brother from another mother sister from another mister uh person on the planet would that would that be useful yes.

Or yes. Well three we're getting to three magic questions. Chris. But what we're actually talking about what if you could walk up to somebody and have them have have their undivided attention on you and think you're the most fascinating conversations they've ever met right.

What if there was one simple language tactic that would allow you to do that right. And that's what we're going to talk about. Next this is called the echo technique okay. The echo techniques oh he's teaching that again yeah.

I'm teaching that again because people don't get it people don't understand just how powerful this stupid thing is and. I. I. I just proved it again.

I was. I was invited uh my good friend. Chase ues invited me to teach his. Mastery group um uh.

First time. I've ever done it. I. I.

I taught it was scheduled to go for an hour. I taught for two hours. I taught them the echo technique and. Ted them to go out and just test it and see what happens and people the report started coming in this morning fre servers and waiters just spending ridiculous amounts of time talking to them sharing the most intimate details of their life with just a few simple things.

So the most powerful words any human being can hear at any given moment are the ones that just came out of their mouth okay. When you use the echo technique you literally force a person's neurology to pay attention to you to the exclusion of everything else now remember guys attention is the currency of relationships some of you were talking about a book. Called. The.

Celestine. Prophecy in the chat well one of the things that they talk about in. The. Celestine.

Prophecy is what you focus on and what you find beautiful builds energy what is how do you focus on something you put your attention on it attention is energy. So anywhere attention goes energy flows when you use the echo technique this is important for you energy people when you use the echo technique it literally forces a person's nervous system to exclusively pay attention to you and nothing else which means their energy field opens up their mind opens up their body will start to open up and you can for those of you who do any kind of energy work therapeutically or what have you this is solid goal because the moment they open their armor goes away and you can do better healings and they'll like you more okay. It will automatically create openness which levers up suggestibility. So they'll be more compliant to the things you ask them to do it completely eliminates the problem of small talk and eliminating boring conversations these people will talk to you for literally hours you have to say barely anything original or snarky or or witty or whatever and they will think you're one of the.

Most. Fascinating. People they've ever met right. The best part is it sends powerful signals of sameness to this person.

So what happens when you start sending signals of sameness you start. S you start amping up. Affinity remember. Affinity was one of the four uh the four pillars of irresistible hypnotic influence.

So this person starts to think oh they're just like me they get me they understand me and they have this massive endorphin release oxytocin dumps uh dopamine you name it because they very seldom met people who resonate with them like you're resonating with them it will cause them to become progressively more connected and. What attracted and positively disposed to you. So this not only does it actually ramp up. Affinity it ramp it ramps up attractivity right.

There's another one of your pillars what also happens is when people do this and you do this effectively with other people they feel heard they feel understood right. How many people here have ever been in a situation where you had to express your feelings to a group of people and you weren't sure that they would agree with you and when and. Then when you expressed yourself they were all behind you 100% like they were all on board with what you said how did you feel in that moment how did you feel in that moment amazing proud why because you received validation you received that affirmation from the group the group that you were approved of when you do this with another human being they feel like that feeling you just had now the only way the only way that could have happened by the way in in your group situation is if you felt in some way that that group was a higher authority than you true not true true not true makes sense right. When you do the echo technique with the person for a long enough period of time they feel validated they feel like they're approved of now where did that approval come from percept you know from from their perspective where did it come from [ __ ] he's asking us questions he's making me think.

So says raises social proof that's right. Your social status in their world goes up which means not only have you amped up. Affinity not only have you amped up attractivity you've also amped up. Authority you just nailed three of the four pillars of irresistible hypnotic influence.

So anything you do that's based in the. Echo technique will move their level of compliance and desire to obey higher and higher and higher now that we're not even going to stop there. Jesse. B.

B says. I did it today with a patient she told me her beliefs to the core perfect perfect segue the best part about this from a neurolinguistic perspective guys is that it matches every internal filter that they have right. One technique hits every single filter that that. NLP wants you to.

Target individually okay. So how do you do this it's very simple you you use as close to verbatim all the words that come out of their mouth as close to verbatim is possible when you respond to them it's it's. I'm going to demo it for you in a minute. So if they said did you know the dog was brown you can say that in the form of a statement you can say that in the form of a comment a question you can say that in a form of command or you can use fragments okay.

This is again we'll teach you how to do this in killer influence and and. NLP. Ultra and defense against the dark arts. But for right.

Now just use as many of their words that came out of their mouth in the order and sequence at it came out and you'll just be you'll be cooking with gas. So what does this sound like an application right. What does this sound like um when we do it. So for many years.

I was a martial artist obviously. I told you for many years. I was a professional martial artist. I've been kind of semi-retired now now for about five six years.

I'm thinking about maybe getting picking up the sword again. So to speak uh and getting back into it. But right. Now uh.

I'm mostly a couch potato and. I'm shaped like one. But because of my influence skills. I still.

I still get things done. But this is kind of what it sounds like uh when. I would when. I had my school in.

Coral. Springs and it sounds like this when a lot of my uh my admins like. Mia and. Moss answer the phone and start working with people on which programs they want right.

Because ring ring good afternoon corl. Springs martial arts academy this is. David how can. I help you oh hey.

David um my name's. Brenda and. I was. I saw your sign and.

I was interested in in in maybe getting karate lessons for my 10-year-old son. Josh can you help me hey. Bice how you doing. So you saw a sign and you're interested in maybe getting karate lessons for your 10-year-old son.

Josh yeah yeah can you help me yeah of course. I can help you. So tell me just. So.

I understand you better. Bernice um what's what's important to you about uh about about karate lessons for. Josh well. David um that's a that's a really good question well.

First and foremost. I'd always heard that that the martial arts was a great way for kids to learn how to protects and develop focus and concentration and confidence and um. I. I thought that might be good for.

Josh because. Josh is a really sweet kid. But he's small for his age and he's. So smart in fact that uh his teacher moved him up a grade and.

I'm worried that the the big kids might pick on him and. I. I heard martial arts could could really kind of help him with his confidence and his. Focus his concentration and to protect himself oh.

I see. So you heard that martial arts was good for confidence and focus and uh self-defense and you heard and. Josh who's a little small for his age um is smart he was. So smart in fact that his teachers moved him up a grade and you're worried that because he's small the kids might pick on him a little bit you heard that martial arts was good for develing concentration focus and confidence as well as protecting from bullies is that right.

Yeah yeah. David that's that's exactly it. C can you help me absolutely. Bernice you see for centuries the martial arts has been one of the best ways for kids just like.

Josh who are small maybe not great athletically or just just small for their age to develop the confidence the focus the concentration and the ability to protects against bigger people more athletic people uh and. So it's a perfect vehicle it's a perfect tool for. Josh to develop that. Focus that concentration and uh and to be able to protect himself from those bullies.

So. I'm curious just. So. I understand and make sure that.

I can give you the best service possible. Bice if you were to if if if you when you enroll. Josh and he gets that confidence and that focus and that concentration and the ability to protect himself from bullies. I'm curious what's that going to do for you what's important about that um well honestly.

I. I think. I just. I just have more peace of mind.

I know. Josh is okay. He's gonna take's gonna be able to take care of himself he's gonna he's going to be able to to. Really you know um level up and and and be the best version of himself and.

I just. I just really think that would take a tremendous tremendous load off my mind knowing he's he's got what he needs to really thrive in that environment bernise. I can't help. But completely agree with that you you know one of the things that happens as a byproduct of martial arts training is that people often level up their confidence they level up their focus the concentration they they develop the ability to protect themselves and.

So that no. Matter where they go in life they can really level up and become that best version of themselves and. I think one of the things you'll really enjoy as you see that process happening in. Josh the peace of mind it's going to give you because you can recognize that he's okay.

That he's got the tools he needs to be his best version of himself and exactly the way. You' always wanted and you'll enjoy the piece of mind that comes with knowing that. So. I'm excited for you and.

Josh to get started. So here's what. I've got going on uh. I've got a two programs that we run as introductory one is a a two private lesson one group class comes with a free t-shirt uh we have an opening available for that program today at uh 5:30 and.

I have a slightly different program which is two group lessons in one private class also comes with a free t-shirt for the same price um. But that's tomorrow at 6:15 which one of those do you think is going to work best for you um. I think tomorrow at 6:15 uh that way. I can make sure he's got his homework done he's had his dinner uh.

So he can come in with a clear head fantastic. Bernice. So. Josh will have his homework done he'll have his dinner he'll come in with a clear head.

I'll pencil you guys in for tomorrow at 6:15 do you have any other questions uh before before we uh. I take down your information and we uh we get you locked in uh no. I'm good what do you need from me end of conversation uh. Crystal's asking can you use synonyms when you use this technique or is it best to use their own phrasing.

Crystal that is an amazing question one that's going to piss off a lot of neural linguistic programmers if the word didn't come out of their mouth don't use them do not substitute words. NLP and classical. NLP they're big on word substitution. I'm telling you right.

Now the minute you start trying to substitute words or paraphrase or active listen you're going to start to lose them you're. G to because what happens is when the words come out of their mouth there are certain brain parts of the brain and certain cor cortical circuits that are firing if anytime you deviate from the exact words they use you start activating other cortical connections and turning off others when. So when the words come out of somebody's mouth they are a direct connection to the an indirect connection to all the files and human experiences that they're not talking about and the the emotional values that are at a deeper level the moment you use a different word you start firing different set of neurological connections there may be some overlap. But they're not exactly the same.

So the idea here is to make your your persuasion skills as absolutely bulletproof as possible while laying the foundation for more. Advanced. Techniques right. Because if you can't if if the fundamentals don't work for you.

Then the. Advanced. Techniques won't either because the the. Advanced.

Techniques are based on the fundamentals. So. Echo technique especially when you're fledgling and. I don't.

I don't use that light because our our baby stuff is more advanced than most people's um advanced stuff okay. It's the difference that makes the difference. So the reason. I love this technique is because it takes what would have what would have required six or seven different processes in.

NLP. I can do it with one and it and you remember that control your state get. Rapport use your language manage their state jump into their process bond to their values it activates stimulates and creates five of those levels this one technique hits four out of five five out of five out of six of the the the. CPI model you understand why this is.

So important it's your. First language technique it's your. First. Rapport technique it's your.

First. State. Management technique it's your. First process technique and it's your.

First emotional bonding technique okay. One technique five levels and. Then it just gets deeper you see why. I keep coming back to this can can is that does that make sense why this is.

So important if you learn nothing else from this webinar you've just upped your your conversion rates across the board by a significant amount okay. But. I know it's it's natural for people want to speak things in their own words this is especially one. I got you got to watch out for.

So what. I'm hearing you say is don't do that do not do that right. I know it's a very common thing. But if you want to activate a person's neurology to the greatest degree possible in the direction you want them to go or you want to neutralize animosity their exact words will do it better and faster okay.

Now on a self-defense. P from a self-defense perspective when you find somebody who's actually reflecting your own words back to you which by the way is extremely difficult to resist or detect if the person's doing it well right. But when you hear somebody doing that and you don't know them that's gonna that's gonna that's going to be one of the. First things that should pop up into your awareness this person is using the echo technique why are they using the echo technique what's their agenda right.

Now when we use the echo technique. I teach the agenda that you should have when you're using it and here it is if you if you follow what. I'm about to tell you and you have good ethics you will never have to worry about getting caught using the echo technique in fact getting caught will only make the person like you more would that be helpful and useful yes. Or yes.

Okay. Here it is if you can move through the world with a operating from a sincere desire to connect and communicate and signal that you're just like me and. I'm just like you to this person right. You can correctly con come from that place.

Then even when they catch you using the echo technique all you have to do is look. At them and say. I do this because. I want you to have the feeling and.

So. I can understand you better and let you know that. I understand you is that okay. Now if that person says no.

You've got bigger problems does that make sense right. Because who who who who. Who's what person who is operating from a sincere desire to be heard and understood is going to object to being understood you the answer is nobody nobody who doesn't have an agenda that they're they're hiding behind if that makes any kind of sense. So that's where we go with this okay.

We move through the world emanating sincere authentic curiosity and a desire to communicate with people and if in the rare circumstances when people catch us that's all we have to say right. That's all we have to say the other part is don't stop doing it just because you get caught this is another big. Chestnut from the end the classical. NLP world if you if you get caught using.

Rapport techniques uh and you keep doing it it's going to piss them off it's not true it only pisses them off if you stop doing it why because when somebody calls you on using a rapport technique and you stop doing it you've just agreed to their interpretation of what you're doing which is usually negative okay. It's usually negative right. You'll learn more about that killer influence okay. Okay.

Some of you are getting ready to vent it's okay. Vent away guys it's all right. All right. So is this is this useful is this helpful yes.

Or yes. Okay. Now if you were paying attention to the demo. I just did.

I went right. From the echo technique right. Into the. Next nuclear powered technique that we're going to talk about and that's called the emotional bonding checklist you got how many of you who are not new to.

Planet. David picked up when. I transitioned from just the echo technique to the emotional bonding checklist just type me in the chat if you picked it up if you didn't that's okay. All right.

So during my demo. I was. I was talking to. Bernice and.

I said. Bernice you know. I'm curious about something if. Josh were to get the focus and the confidence and the concentration and the ability to protect himself against bullies.

I'm curious if he had all that and you could perceive it you saw it if he was becoming the best version of himself. I'm curious. Bernice what's important to you about that why is that. So what's.

So important about that for you and she gave me a list of things uh seeing. Josh is his best self peace of mind um you guys remember that right. And what did. I do.

Then what did. I do shared values right. She gave me her value she gave me what she would be feeling the emotional benefit she would have when she saw. Josh having all those things and that's what she was buying she wasn't buying.

Focus she wasn't buying concentration she wasn't buying confidence she wasn't buying uh defending yourself against bullies she was buying the peace of mind that knowing her son had the tools to be his best self now does that mean we we don't talk about folk it no. There's a ladder there's a hierarchy of a values con or of emotion connected to those words and if. I just use those words. I will stimulate the emotions they're connected to and that's what people want satisfied the emotional needs that they have are the most powerful triggers to our behavior that exist.

So write this down because we're going to have this. I'm going to share this experience with you in just a moment. I. I demonstrated it.

But now. I want you to have. I want you to feel what this is like. So you feel good about going further with it all right.

So remember this a person cannot have their values stimulated elicited or discusted without feeling immediate emotional pleasure and desire conversely they can't have their values violated disregarded or disrespected without experiencing emotional pain. So in that in that one set of principles you have everything you need to know about what to do to get anybody attracted to anything you want you also know exactly how to make people move away from anything you want or leave you alone. So. I'll say this again because some people are asking a person cannot discuss have elicited or uh described their emotional in other words a person is attracted or or or feels immense pleasure from having their values stimulated discussed or elicited a person feels immense pain when those values are violated in any way shape or form either through words through actions or situations okay.

So people cannot have their values violated without experiencing emotional pain they cannot have their values stimulated without experiencing emotional desire does that make sense in that once you understand that you have the ability to make to either attract somebody or repel them anytime you want uh real quick on this question. So uh. Pingu was asking what if you screwed up already that lost the. First impression connection fundamental values are.

So different go back to echoing go back to echoing their words and ask different questions plus if you understand reframing you can you can fix it. Matthew says. I feel like this is. Finally clicking in for me good good everybody there everybody has to cycle through this material a certain amount of times before it clicks in that's why we recommend watching the videos over and over and over and over and over again as well as coming to the.

Live. Events and stuff like that okay. Every time you go through it you're going to learn something new you're gonna you're going to be ready for the. Next level because there's a lot of levels to what.

I'm teaching okay. So for this. Next drill. I want everybody to get out a piece of paper and a pencil if you haven't done it already um.

I missed talking about that at the beginning um. Duncan. McLoud says. Hey guys hit the like button yes.

Please if you like what's going on please like and share right. Please let people know what about the resources that you're learning and about what we have to offer uh don't send it to your enemies or your competitors of course. But uh we want you guys to have all the advantages all right. So here's what.

I want you to do you guys ready to play type in the chat this is the this is the interactive portion of the webinar okay. Right. I want you to experience this okay. I want remember.

I said at the beginning of tonight's webinar that there were certain things that you wanted to be able to achieve or have or do or experience as a by product from tonight's webinar true or not true type it in the chat true or not true okay. Perfect. I want you to write that at the top of your page it's better if you can physically handr write them on a pad of paper. But if you have to type well we'll work with it okay.

Now just like. I talk when. I when. I talk to.

Bernice. I'm gonna ask you a question write write down what that was and if you were to have that in other words you got the tools as a byproduct from tonight's training to have that in your life to experience that for yourself okay. Under what you just wrote write write down what's important about that in other words you got that thing for a byproduct from tonight's webinar and it it manifested for you and now it allows you to feel what to have what to experience what. So for example if one of the thing a lot of people talked about tonight was making more money.

So let's say you got things like the echo technique and what we're doing right. Now the emotional bonding checklist right. And you learned how to use that to make more money and now all of a sudden you're making more money what's what's that going to do for you what's important about that some people it might be oh. I can pay all my bills for some people it might be um.

I can. I can buy my new car uh for some people might be. I can start my new business right. Whatever that is once you've got.

So you've got what's. G to do for me this what's important about that now that might be you know the. Next level might be well if. I could start my own business.

I'd have more freedom and and joy right. Okay. Freedom. Andy.

Joy perfect it might if it's security it might be or if it's uh start my own business it might be security right. Making more money paying my bills number be security. So you notice how there's a hierarchy to what we're doing. I want to show you the screen in a minute um.

But uh. I just want. I want you to follow the process. So let me show you um really quick emotional bonding okay.

So on your on your paper it should look. Something that's not what. I want oh motion motivation check all right. Here we go.

So this is basically what. I just walked you through. So what do you want as a byproduct of tonight's training you write that out ask what's it going to do for you pay attention to the exact words that come up okay. Write that answer out and.

Then what's important about having that. So whatever you answered here what's important about that to you write your answer right. And. Then ask that question again now you've got you've got it here right.

What's important about that write your answer and ultimately if you got this and you got this and you got this ultimately what's that going to allow you to experience okay. So. I'll let you guys take a screenshot of that we'll talk about softening. Later that's a different that's a that's a force multiplier we won't deal with that.

So this is where. I want you to guys to really focus on for this piece right. Here right. Can you guys see it okay.

And when you've when you've written out the answers type done in the chat and we'll continue with the. Next part of the drill you guys are really deep in thought okay. Columns done. Sean.

Sean is done excellent all right. So. I'm. GNA jump out of screen share.

MaryAnn's done excellent all right. So here's how this works um here's a paper well this will do okay. So now ideally on your piece of paper you've got what. I want to get as a byproduct of tonight's webinar what.

I want to have be able to experience what's important about that what's important about that what's important about that what's important about that should have at least three or four answers to those questions here's the secret to this whatever your unconscious mind answers when you ask yourself that question write it down verbatim don't try to analyze it or edit it or or oh that can't be right. Whatever your unconscious mind gives you is its real motivators okay. Just because you don't understand it consciously doesn't mean it's not operational for you this is a big deal in any form of influence we have what we call the six dynamics of an unconscious response your unconscious mind always answers. First many times non-verbally it always answers honestly it always feels like you're making it up you always have an urge to edit what just came up it's never loud it's never linear the one thing that.

I want you to be very very aware of and all the. Precision techniques that we're teaching is whatever comes up. First is almost always the most accurate from an unconscious mind's perspective and it's what your unconscious holds to be true for you okay. So trust your unconscious okay.

And you'll get what you want faster than ever before okay. So now what we're going to do is we're going to hold this up at about a 45 degree angle and you might want to make sure your door is closed and you're not going to you're not going to be disturbed by pets all. I want you to do is look. At that list that you've made and.

I want you to read only the answers. First of all before you do that check in with how you feel right. Now check in with your body notice the state you're in notice the. Body.

Sensations you're having how you're standing your emotional state hold this up at about a 45 and. I want you to verbalize. I want you to read that entire list out loud five times you can do more. But.

I don't want you to do any less than five times read them out loud five times and. Then type in the chat what you experienced when you read them out loud okay. Crystal says her stomach sort of clenched okay. Mar says.

First impression. Lamar says feel powerful okay. Scale okay. I me anybody else come on.

I know there's more people out there tense because you just had a guy argue with me okay. Remind me in part three. I'll show you how to get rid of that [ __ ] ping wo to know what. I want to ask okay.

Do do you feel better than when you started tingling sensation in shoulders and neck. I feel more expansive right. Are these things you want more of or less of got stronger more excellent all right. So you guys remember.

I'm excited and energized now here's my question for you scale of 1 to 10 rate the intensity of the good feelings 10 10 10 seven good that's fine now on a scale of 1 to 10 rate your desire for those feelings. I don't asked this question scale of 1 to 10 rate the really really 26 why. So much why do you want that. So much why didn't you rate it less because you associate with success the more the better okay.

Excellent you feel you deserve it absolutely. So that being said are you guys ready for part two or. I show you how to level this up by the way do you think that might be a good feeling to give to all of your prospective clients your lovers your family your team you ready to learn how to get it all right. Then with your permission.

I'd like to share something with you right. With your permission. I'd like to talk about the unlimited influence. Ultra persuasion.

Mastery home study course this is a set of programs that. I developed many years ago and we make them uh available to you uh for a super super awesome uh investment um every now and. Then the secrets of human influence is all about helping you take your life to the. Next level it's about making more money closing more deals getting more dates helping more people and.

I know a lot of you really want to make a difference in the world there is nothing out there that will level you up in your ability to do that than the skills and the trainings. I'm about to share with you okay. And it's going to allow you to become more powerful it's going to feel more confident if you're going to win the game of life more often. Then you won't in fact if you're tired of hearing know you want to become more charming and charismatic irresistible and and.

So forth this is the. FasTrack to getting all of that and. So much more okay. So this offer is good until.

April 22nd 20124 that's today 11:59 p.m. tonight all right. Recommend this for first-time buyers especially and here's what you're going to here's what it's going to do for you. First and foremost you're going to get a 17 video program the set which is going to include the seven stage. Universal persuasion protocol you're going to receive very specialized very in-depth training on each of the stages that.

I walked you through at the beginning of today's webinar you're going to learn how to think like a master of human influence you're going to learn how to control your state how to get. Rapport how to use your language how to manage the states of the subject how to uh jump into their process how to bond to their emotions. So step by step we're going to walk you through in a very easy systematic way um how to think like a master of influence it's a $297 value we're going to teach you how to control your own emotional states. So no.

One else can do it for you for those of you who are into energy this is going to make you very very very bulletproof it's really really powerful okay. It's a $297 value as you can think of all the ways you can use it you'll see the value go up we're going to teach you. Power report skills for connecting with anyone anytime anywhere under any circumstance we've tested these things in in some of the most aggressive and hostile environments you can imagine not only are we going to teach you how to connect with anybody anytime anywhere we're going to teach you how to bridge that connection. So that you can actually transfer feelings and emotions to other people.

So they start seeing the. World. Through. The.

Eyes. You want them to see the world through. So they become more and more predisposed to doing what you want them to do. I want to teach you seven of the most irresistible neurologically active language patterns that exist these are language patterns that are.

So primary and fundamental to the way your brain works that you can't hear them without them changing how you think and you can't communicate without using them and that means that anytime you listen to. Somebody's communication you will know exactly the way they're thinking and how to match what they're doing. So that you can get them to eagerly want to do what you want them to do. But on top of all that what if you could what if you had the following superpowers what if you had a magical ability to literally direct a person's focus of attention to exactly what you want them to pay attention to and ignore everything else think about what you could do with a with a a superpower like that what if you could cause somebody to literally what if you could literally split a person's conscious mind and unconscious mind and tell their unconscious mind to directly do things automatically that's language pattern number one all those things were in language pattern number one what if you had the ability to make anything you want seem to cause anything you want in the minds of your listener even if those things had absolutely nothing in common in real life what could you do with a superpower like that what if you had the ability to make anything you want mean anything you want in the minds of your listener even if those things had absolutely nothing in common what if you could make somebody imagine exactly what you wanted them to imagine with 0% chance of resistance or mation and have them think it was their idea that's what the fourth language pattern does okay.

That's that's just four. I'll. I'll. I'll surprise you with the other three right.

We're going to teach you how to systematically manage and influence the emotional states of other people. So you can get them out of their limiting transes and limiting beliefs and traumas and things like that if that's what you're inspired to do and move them into states that are more healthy and resourceful and positive and desirable okay. We're going to teach you how to literally hijack a person's internal processes. So one of the things you'll learn about are what we call strategies which is something from an.

Indian. World you'll also learn about evolutionary scripts life scripts and personal anchors and trans wordss you will learn how to how to uh spot those those patterns in people and how to utilize them. So that people want to do the things you want them to do and feel good about it okay. Then.

Finally we're going to teach you how to bond emot. Al to anything anybody's desires and have it and link it to what you want them to do. So they eagerly do what you ask them to do because it satisfies their own needs and desires and they feel wonderful and love you for the opportunity to do that all without ever having to lie cheat steal uh coers or manipulate people in an unethical way ever okay. We're also going to include the uh the original killer influence manual which includes uh training on spatial hypnotic operators this is how you actually can begin to use the spatial relationships around people that will cause them to think about you more positively or how to sit where to sit at a conference table or meeting or negotiation.

So that you're automatically given more deference. Authority and compliance where to put your enemies or the people who oppose your point of view. So that they have a weakened position. So that when they try to stop you from moving your agenda forward they're they're coming from the most uh strategically weak position possible we're going to teach you about social hypnotic operators social hypnotic operators are things that.

Society has programmed into you though the minute you hit things like scarcity reciprocity liking commitment and consistency these are buttons that are hardwired into every normally socialized human being around the world and if certain triggers are pressed your behaviors become automatic you're going to learn what the most powerful triggers are how they're used how you can ethically use them. But most importantly you're going to learn how to protect yourself when other people try to use these things on you it's one of the most important important manual or modules in the training you're going to learn instant speed profiling how to look. At somebody and start to create a personality profile of them that you can use to influence them or avoid being manipulated by them in as as little as 90 seconds it'll include training on face reading as well as cold reading it'll include what we call. Meta programs which are a different kind of filter that allow you to understand how people process information information or make decisions.

So you can change how you present your information or your message to them. So they consume it and process it in the way that's easiest for them to do what you want them to do and a whole lot more there's actually quite a few more pages quite a few more modules in the killer influence mind control. Manifesto we're going to include this with you it's a $418 value and the total value on that plus an act we'll talk about the access to the online community in just a moment total value on this is24 $197. But because it's a package we wanted to make sure that you absolutely had the best training for you.

So we're also going to include if you grab your course right. Now you're also going to get the following special bonuses and that's. First one is our. Flagship number one training program in the world defense against the dark arts counter manipulation and hypnotic influence and behavioral profiling.

Secrets this is a program that pulls back the curtain on how people hack the techniques of influence to bypass your critical faculty tap into your emotional needs and fears and use those to make you make decisions that are not going to make your life better and they walk away with all your stuff we're going to show you how those things work you will be you will be able to flag and profile narcissists machiavellians dark. Triads um sociopaths you'll be able to uh look. At somebody's social media and create a personality profile on them by focusing on their. F their their.

F their focus when you're with them there's. Lifestyles their associations their groups you learn about the the conversational behavioral red flags that all character. Disturbed individuals from con artists and grifters to sociopaths and textbook. Narcissists utilize to avoid uh taking responsibility for their actions.

But not only that you'll also learn how to profile how to detect lies how to know what to do in order to find out if someone has a high probability of being deceitful how to protect yourself from falling victim to these very very. Adept uh manipulators we'll talk about. Predator psychology we'll talk about how these people select victims we'll talk about the five stage. Predator process that the people use to create very very imbalanced power dynamics and how you can put a dead stop halt to all of that with just a few simple basic exercises not only that we're going to teach you the art of radical reframing now notice.

I have a program called. Renegade reframing this is a little bit different in radical reframing what you're going to be doing is you're going to actually start to learn how narcissists and character. Disturbed individuals think and reframe attempts at them at holding them responsible. So you're going to get a a an experience of what it's like to be those people.

So you can get inside their head and turn the tables on them whenever uh you're you experien it we're going to teach you about micro. Expressions okay. And and and a lot lot more there's a huge amount in this. CL in this course on top of the the classic influence techniques that killer influence is famous for okay.

So this is something that if you're really serious about not being a victim if you want to learn how. Cults indoctrinate people and and brainwash them this is the course that you want to you want to have on your shelf and in your playing in your head when you're moving through the world trying to become the best version of yourself to keep other people from taking your stuff from hurting yourself or the people you love okay. This is one of the most important courses. I've ever created and it will change everything for you okay.

If you're tired of being being manipulated uh abused what have you. Then this is something that. I think is a. GameChanger now.

I'm going to be upfront and honest with you and don't get this course if you're someone who just likes to collect information. But doesn't want to do anything with it the information in this course is solid gold and it will change your life and it will keep you safe. But only if you have the will to use it okay. And that's the secret you got to be willing to act on the information and train the information that goes with this it's a $1,997 value we're going to give this to you 100% free combined value if you look.

At the secrets of you and influence home study course and the defense against the dark arts program is $4,495. But we're not done yet if you grab your click your link right. Now or. I registered before the end of the webinar we're also going to include one of the most powerful courses and one of the most fun courses honestly that.

I've ever taught this is called. Renegade reframing how to overcome any objection or change any belief in seconds there was a question asked earlier what if you screwed up the. First part and you you messed up your. Rapport you didn't get their values.

I don't know if you guys remember that that question being asked this is this is what you do. Next this is like the oh [ __ ] moment what if for every objection every argument every insult um or limiting belief you've ever encountered you have at least 14 different ways to completely change that belief and install a new way of thinking what could you do with 14 responses to any problem that somebody threw at you how would that change your life what could you do with that think about it for a moment okay. This program is actually one of the most fun ones that. I've ever created it was based on a set of patterns from neural linguistic programming known as slight of mouth uh and these are the patterns that.

Richard. Banner would routinely use to. Pummel his master practitioners anytime they tried to metamodel him or attack his belief systems. So this was how you turn the tides on convers on narcissists grifters dark.

Tri anybody who's a conversational manipulator who. G lights you or tries to press your your your insecurities or whatever this is the way you turn the tables on them this comes with an actual card game inside the manual as well as um templatized language patterns that you can use to create your own reframe patterns um it's a lot of fun we actually thought about turning this into a drinking game right. Anyway it's uh this is a $1,997 value it's yours absolutely free uh total combined value is 6,491. But we're not done yet okay.

Charisma and conversation how many of you are in the business of influencing more than one human at a time or maybe in a situation where you have to influence more than one human at a time if. So you're going to want to pay attention to this because this. Next course is. CPI level four in the world according to.

David it's called. Charisma and conversion hypnotic presentation skills for presenters and public speakers if you want to be the best teacher humanly possible if you've ever wondered how guys like. Tony. Robbins.

T harveer. Mark. Victor. Hanson.

Lisa sasich um. Robert. Allen um. I'm trying to think of other people that.

I know do use this. Richard banor get people stampeding to the back of their room to buy their coaching program to level up their lives right. This is the course that pulls back the curtain on this that you see a lot of these people have different levels to the people in their organization and they have a train and a lot of these people have trainers trainings and they'll teach you about how to present the material and where to advertise and things like that. But what they won't tell you is that there's a system behind the system this is not a course that's going to teach you.

NLP this is going to teach you a what. NLP looks like when it's used from the stage to to install things in people to uh program large amounts of people or audiences to uh uh to learn faster or to take more actions okay. It has two maps of persuasion architecture in other words you have one map that teaches you how to create talks for small groups like up to about 19 or 20 people with about a 20 25% conversion rate maybe a little bit higher and you'll have a group you'll have a a. DI persuasion diagram for creating talks designed to influence groups of two three 400 people and higher with a 25 to 35% conversion rate if you suck okay.

Uh you'll learn about all the different ways that people use stories and embedded commands and proxemic hypnotic operators and things of that nature to program people to go to the back of the room. So if you're interested in learning how to become a speaker become a presenter and all of these things work really really well in social media as well. So again uh you'll also get my my. David's personal.

Meetup model how. I use meetup.com and. YouTube to build my business to the point where. I had a a six-month waiting list of people screaming to to work with me and even when.

I raised my prices it just made the list longer um we'll talk about persuasion architecture we'll talk about basic stage craft we'll talk about sound systems we'll talk about what you need and what you don't need we'll talk about the five. PS of hypnotic presentation positioning yourself positioning your audience position positioning your talk positioning your topic positioning your offer how to create the offers that you need from the from the from uh from the outcome to the intro right. How to be perceived as authentic and credible as a real human being these are all things that are are high value skills today right. It's all part of this amazing training okay.

So $1,997 value we're going to give this to you free. But it presupposes you have training in killer influence it presupposes you have training in some in in some version of the. CPI model. So if you're interested in working on large groups of people this is your.

Next step okay. Total value is $848 we're going to give this to you absolutely free if you register before the end of the webinar okay. So let's just review what we've got here for you guys you're going to get as part of your secrets of human influence home study course package you're going to get the 17 video seven stage. Universal persuasion call videos plus all the other bonuses.

I mentioned you'll get the killer influence mind control. Mastery manual it's a $418 value you're going to get the killer influence defense against the. Dark. Arts.

Special. Edition counter manipulation influence and behavioral profiling secrets to $1,997. Value you're going to get bonus number two. Renegade reframe how to instantly overcome any objection or change any belief in seconds.

So $1,997 value we're going to give this to you free and of course you're going to get. Charisma and conversion hypnotic presentation skills for speakers and presenters it's one of again it's it's an amazingly powerful set of trainings that you get each one amplifies the other trainings total value is 8,488. However. I want you guys to have a leg up.

I want you guys to be able to really uh make some serious inroads in your life. So. I'm going to give you the best deal. I can give you today.

So. I'm not going to charge 8,488 bucks. I'm not going to ask you for six to pay $648. I'm not going to demand that you pay 5347.

I'm not even going to demand you pay 3347 fact we're not even going to do it at regular price for those of you who really want to to level up who want to work with me and have me as your mentor and your guide to have the support you need to get the life you want the way that you want it to never hear no. Again and be safe and protect yourself you can get it all for a low onetime investment of just 9.97 think about that for a moment one installment of just 9.97 gets you everything. I've described and. So much more.

I haven't even begun to talk to to exhaust all the things we're going to be teaching you in those programs if you want to you can break that up into three easy installments of just 3.97 all you got to do is go to www. killer influence.com slgo click the link www. killer influence.com go one more time with feeling click the link right. Now go to www. killer influence.com slgo operators are standing by now before. I go any further if you call and. I think.

Mia and. Moss just put their their customer service lines uh up there if you call and you get voicemail because this is when the. Stampede starts please please please make sure after you click the link you leave your name and number and your contact and and uh the time you called if you call and you get our voicemail. But you don't leave your contact information you will not qualify for any of the bonuses that.

I'm about to talk about shortly let me be very clear if we can't if we don't have your contact information before 4 11:59 p.m. tonight if you call us tomorrow you won't get any fast action bonuses or anything else okay. But if you're in our system if you if we have your contact information you will qualify okay. So all you do now is. Click your link uh www. killer influence.com slgo click it right.

Now and and make sure that you've reserved your course now for those of you on the fence saying well. David this sounds really good. But how do. I know it'll work for me.

I promise it'll work for you. I'm double dog. Dar you all right. Take this program click the link take the program test our course for a full 60 days if a if by the end of 60 days you're not on the.

FasTrack to making more money closing more deals and that deal could be a job interview it could be booking more clients it could be more dates it could be uh getting more compliance from your team getting better better treatment from your spouse or uh or your boss if you're not on on your way to becoming more financially free and independent feeling more secure confident and. Powerful. I will refund every dime that you've invested in this program. I may ask a couple questions.

But. I'll still refund you 100% if you're not satisfied if this program doesn't deliver to you you the way. I know it will because. I've used this for decades.

I literally went through my entire undergraduate education on writing scholarships because of the material. I'm teaching in these courses okay. I was named to the the. Oklahoma.

All. State academic team. I graduated with a 4.0. GPA.

I was the only work study in my undergraduate education who had his own office. I was hired by every college that. I would ever. I ever attended to work in the recruiting department right.

And this is before. I ever decided to teach or create these programs this was the stuff that. I created for me. I know with 100% certainty that this will work for you if you actually take the actions and do the drills okay.

Test it for a full 60 days if it's not working pick up the phone that moner me and no. And we'll refund every dime of your investment and you can keep the courses you've downloaded just as my way of saying hey thanks for trying it out 100% satis you have nothing to risk guys and everything to win take the action click the link okay. Www. killer influence.com slgo okay. Now.

I always believe that the behavior that gets rewarded gets repeated and that the behavior that gets repeated gets reinforced and fortune favors the. Bold fortune favors the people who take fast decisive action and. I want to reward you for that for those of you who click that link right. Now and get the entire program for just 9.97 now before.

I go any further the following bonuses are for firsttime buyers and and they go away when. I log off the webinar everything. I've talked to up to this point is available until 11:59 p.m. tonight. April 22nd the bonuses that come.

Next are only available while. I'm actually teaching the webinar. So we've got we're going to finish phase two we're going to go right. Into phase three where we customize and talk about specific applications for you this is your time to shine when.

I log off the webinar tonight the following bonuses go away okay. We're going to include a three-month trial membership to the. NLP power. Mastermind mentoring program this is that.

Community. I mentioned earlier remember that one of the problems that people have with this material is they don't have anybody to talk to about it they don't have anybody to practice with we're going to fix that for you as a byproduct of the training we're going to include this fast action bonus when you click that link right. Now and you grab your course we're going to give you three three months 90 days to try out the. NLP power.

Mastermind mentoring. Practice. Group you're going to log in to your. Zoom account or you're going to come to my facility on the.

Third. Saturday of every month from 11:00 a.m to 4 pm. I'm going to go around the room and. I'm going to ask you.

Josh what do you want to learn. Jason what do you want to learn mag. Margaret what do you want to learn. Leanne what do you want to learn.

Jeff what do you want to learn right. And. I'm gonna write those things on a board for you and. I'm going to look.

At everything you guys want to know about and. I'm going to create a lesson plan for you right. On the spot and for the. Next five hours.

I'm going to drill you on those skills until you can do them in your sleep you will not get a certificate from the power. Mastermind mentoring program what you will get is a skill set you will get a skill set that will allow you to actually write your own ticket in this life and that's what separates the the the the information collectors from the. Achievers from the doers from the people who are actually making things happen. So.

I talked to you earlier over and over about taking action are you a collector are you a tourist or are you someone who's going to change their life it's up to you this will help you do it you will be surrounded by people who want the same things you want who want to learn about the same things you want to learn about who will support you and practice with you and give you feedback and you'll have me and my inner circle of high level students and training assistants to help make sure that you get the absolute best support for the skills you're learning in your home study courses this program has been running non-stop since. October 2010 that's over for almost 13 years that this thing's been going okay. Okay. We videotaped and recorded and archived every single training session and as a an a member of the.

NLB power master. I mentoring program you're going to get unlimited access for the full 90 days to every single video from every single training okay. Every single training now uh part of that is archived on the. NLP power website part of that is archived on our uh membersonly.

YouTube page part of that is archived on our face our private. Facebook. Archives right. You'll be able to binge watch content that has never seen the light of day that's never been featured in a product that's never been shown on.

YouTube this is 100 almost 100% virgin content that you people have specifically asked for behind closed doors everything from remote viewing to remote influence energetics energy psychology face reading energy building profiling regression accelerated learning enhanced memory trauma resolution l attraction. U behavioral profiling body language uh attraction and dating skills if it has to do with. Mind. Body.

Energy spirituality or human um self-actualization it's in there okay. You'll be able to binge watch it for a full 90 days if at the end of 90 days you want to stay well let us know we we'll show you how to extend your membership if after 90 days you got what you needed decide you're going to go and do things on your own no. No. No.

Harm no. Foul you just go off into the world and practice your skills and when you're ready come on back total combined value of everything we've talked about. So far is $1,852 this is for people who want to get a super fast start this is for people who want to watch a couple videos today start hypnotizing people tonight or tomorrow depending how fast you go through the videos this is our stealth instant conversational hypnosis crash course this was a course. I developed several years ago and it's designed as a fast start.

No. Holds. Barred this is exactly what you need and no. No.

Fluff uh approach it's got uh at least uh 12 you only need to watch two videos to be ready. But it also has videos on the most powerful hypnotic language patterns emotional bonding checklist the three magic questions protocol which allows you to create powerful connections and trust and bond with people bordering on love in as little as 20 minutes it's got a course on instant and. Rapid hypnosis inductions um it's got a a home video course uh called uh instant influence where. I'm actually teaching the seven most powerful language patterns live it comes with manuals transcripts.

MP3s. So you can listen and learn while you're driving it's a powerful powerful program and it's designed for people who want to learn how to hypnotize tonight. So they can start hypnotizing and influencing people tomorrow it's a 997 value we're going to give this to you free just to help you get a fast start in you in using the influence tools that that uh. We've teased you about.

So far. So $1,082 value we're not done for the. Next 21 people. I believe it is 21 people to register today you're also going to get this amazingly cool package now remember this the fast action offers are for firsttime buyers we're going to give you a free.

VIP super ticket to our. Next killer influence 2024 live secrets of covert hypnosis 5-day certification boot camp. August 6 through the 10 2024 right. Here in.

San. Diego it's a $3,150 value and during this amazing program you're going to learn um you're going to get a faceful of exactly what uh. I talked about at the beginning of the program let me just go through some of these bullets for you really really quickly um. First and foremost we're going to teach you secrets of.

Rock. Solid. State. Control how to control your state anytime anywhere under any circum.

IR an for any reason this is the beginning the building block for those of you who are interested in energetics and want to transition into our vibrational influence training this is absolutely essential training we call this the empathic superpower training because it allows you to modulate your vibrational frequency to be whatever you want it to be to be effective in any situation or circumstance. Then we're going to teach you the. Power report training that allows you to synchronize with another person's nervous system and energy field and using your state control you can begin to cause the other people to vibrate at the frequency that you want them to vibrate. So that their perceptual filters shift and they automatically are become more receptive to all of your.

Communications and influence we're going to teach you how to emotionally bond to any subjects deepest desires and. Link them to what you want them to do. So they feel utterly compelled to do what you want them to do for their own selfish personal reasons and they'll thank you for they'll love you for it because they're getting everything that they want callum's asking if. I can't make.

August 6 to the 10th will they be able to join the training yes. We'll talk. I'm going to talk about the. VIP ticket a little bit more in just a moment as.

I when after. I finish my description of what we're going to be doing in. August you're going to remember you're going to learn in-depth techniques that that fall under each of the four pillars of irresistible hypnic influence that cause people to need to obey want to obey and feel bad when they don't obey. I'm going to teach you how to read people and do c.

So that people become progressively more open to your influence and become hypers suggestible to you uh we're going to teach you how to we're going to again we're going we're going to revisit the secrets of social hypnosis the secrets of pro proxic hypnotic operators. The. Meta filter system that every human has that you can learn how to tweak and and use to your own. Advantage for for the good of all attractivity secrets for advanced social dynamics attraction and dating and romance applications the simple resistance removal formula that allows you to create causes people to create their own reasons for doing what they just told you they didn't want to do the simple language patterns that literally force a person to hang on your every word you'll learn about the amazing three magic questions protocol that will cause anyone you meet to like love and.

Trust. You bordering on love in as little as 20 minutes. I don't recommend you do it in 20 minutes. But it can take as little as 20 minutes how to automate any emotional state or behavior in your subject.

So you can have an almost push button level of influence on demand how to communicate. Direct with a person's subconscious mind without them knowing it during regular conversations and give them subliminal suggestions that their unconscious mind will process and act upon how to bind the thoughts of others. So that they think the way you want them to think and automatically do with the things you want them to do and feel good about it right. It's all ethical it's all honest and the best part is you will learn what's out there and how to protect yourself from it being done to you okay.

Okay. All right. So that's what we've got coming up. So a couple of more things about the.

VIP ticket. First and foremost if for example uh you can't come the question was asked what if. I can't come to the. August 6th to 10th training well that's fine if for some reason you can't make the training hold on a.

Second am. I still in my. Mr my screen again if for some reason you can't make make the training all you do is pick up the phone that. Moss or.

Mia know and they will move you to the. Next training this ticket does not expire until you use it okay. So if you get this ticket today and you can't come to a killer influence event until 2027 well if you're in our database that ticket's good and the best part is if the class is full if the you'll get in if the class if the price goes up you don't pay anything extra if um something happens at the. Last minute and you can't come like you getting ready to come something comes up at the.

Last minute well pick up the phone we'll move you to the. Next training this is yours to keep until you're ready to use it let's say you've already had killer influence. But you have a friend or a colleague or a family member that you think would really benefit from this killer influence. VIP ticket right.

You you can gift it to them now one thing. I. I do want to caution you about that we re this is primarily for firsttime buyers if you've used one of our. VIP tickets in the past you can still get this package at a discounted rate it just won't be the same as a fur first-time buyer.

So if you're one of those people if you qualify for that. Then just reach out through. Mia or. Moss at 858 282 4663 let.

Mosser me and know your situation and we'll we'll we'll will show you how to get a great deal even if you're not a firsttime buyer the other part of that is a lot of times uh if you look. At the total value of this it's a 3,000 it's a $3,150 value we're giving this to you absolutely free if you click that link right. Now before. I log off the webinar if.

I when. I log off the webinar this ticket's gone okay. When. I log off the webinar the.

F uh stealth is gone if. I log off the webinar. The. Mastermind is gone you they're perfectly worth it at full price okay.

But you can get everything. I've talked about $1,232 of amazing training including five days with me live total value is $ 4,232 all you gota do is click that link to get yours right. Now it's just one low installment of just $9.97. So all you got to do is.

Click your link right. Now go to www. killer influence.com go click your link right. Now don't wait don't hesitate the person who hesitates meditates in a horizontal position we don't want that all right. I want you in the game.

I want to teach you. I want to hear your success stories as you apply this material in your life just to review you're going to get the secrets of human influence home study course 204 $2,497 value you're going to get defense against the dark arts counter manipulation and behavioral profiling training $1,997 value we're going to give it to you free you're going to get the. Renegade reframing one uh conversational belief change and objection obliteration home study course $1,997 value you're going to get it for free you're gonna get. Charisma and conversion $1,997 value you're going to get that for free you're.

G to three-month trial membership to the. NLP power. Mastermind mentoring program $1,597 value we're going to give it to you free guys stealth instant conversational hypnosis crash course $997 we're going to give this to you free and. Finally click that link right.

Now you're going to get a free. VIP ticket to the killer influence uh five-day convert hypnosis certification boot camp it's a $3,150 value absolutely free now some of you may have taken advantage of these offer an offer like this in the past if you want to take advantage of this offer right. Now and you click that link. But you have already have some of the courses listed here you're in luck because all you have to do is after you click the link call.

Moss or email. Mia let her know that you'd like to substitute something else for one of the courses you already have as long as the course is of equal or lesser value we will allow you to substitute that package are substitute that course. So you can customize your own webinar package after you click the link just let me. Moser.

Mia know and they'll happily customize the package for you. But you got to click the link right. Now okay. We're coming into the home stretch the total.

B total value of this oops total package value is $1 4,232 you're going to get every single thing and a whole lot more. I guarantee see you you're going to be amazed at what you get for just 9.97 or if you need to three easy installments of just 3.97 each as is my tradition. I'm going to give you guys a six or seven minute break uh to to go click the link get your questions answered send off the emails whatever you need to do grab a drink and. Then we're going to come back and we're going to come into part three of the webinar and we're going to we're going to customize and apply.

So on my intended list was to talk about resistance removal lie detection and victimology how uh what what do the social predators of the world actually look. For. But when we get back if there are other things you guys want to know about more. Then.

I'm happy to change my agenda and teach you more about those things until it's time to to end the webinar. So that being said it is 4:57 my time um. So. I want to let's take a 7even minute break we will be back at 604 give or take click your links right.

Now go to killer influence.com reserve your package save your seats and let's get this let's get on the fast track to getting the life we want the way that we want it. I'll see you in about seven seven minutes e e e e e e e e e e all right. Folks um while we're waiting if you guys have any questions that. I can answer.

I am absolutely happy to do that for those of you um in our. YouTube world what would now be a good time uh. Raj is asking could you please clarify what you will not get on buying you will get uh you will not get the full 997 discount if you're a first-time buyer there will still be a discounted price it will just be slightly different for non-ir time buyers versus firsttime priers right. If uh for for more clarification and customization give.

Moss a call at 858 32 4663. Mia is already online for you guys. So you can also email. Mia.

NLP power.com regarding that all right. It's it's that time. I'm gonna jump out all right. Guys welcome back.

So this is where we get to have some fun hopefully guys were having fun already my question for you now is what is it that you most want to know about. I gave you kind of what my tentative agenda was. But. I want to make sure that that this is a customized training for you.

I want to make sure that you're getting the most value possible. So. I'm. G to ask type in the chat what you most want to learn about over the.

Next 35 45 minutes of our remaining time together what would that be type it in the chat go ahead and do that now eer it's awful quiet guys don't have a clue all right. Hello is everybody there type in the chat guys what do you want to know about or do you want me to just go ahead with the uh the lessons. I had planned protect from all from the dark okay. Well.

I can't cover every single thing in this thing in the training. But we can talk about a couple of things. So let's talk. First and foremost fast.

Rapport beyond the echo technique okay. Matthew veto okay. All right. Let's talk about let's talk about one thing that.

I think is really important and it was in alignment with what. I wanted to share with you guys. Anyway you need to understand something that that predators are a very they have a very unique mindset and a very specific skill set and one of the things that. Predators all have in common is the ability to spot prey the ability to select the right.

Target okay. Mary wants to know about protection from. Dark. Energy ja wants to know about what.

I had plan okay. This kind of goes into that way um. So what are some things that these people look. For well.

I. I'll tell you one of the. First things that they all look. For is your body language all right.

Um one of my. I. I mentioned him earlier one of my more colorful martial arts instructors that. I learned mostly through video from was a guy named.

Dr. John laret and. John. Vette used to say if you walk around looking like a baloney sandwich don't be surprised if someone tries to take a bite out of you and one of the things that predators are going to look.

For is going to be your posture they're going to look. For your level of social interactiveness. I mean in other words are you with part of are you with a group are you more by yourself are you a bit of a loner right. Um do you have a lot of social connections or not and.

So. I'm going to go ahead and go through a list of conditions for lack of a better word that a lot of people have that directly impact your body language and your level of social connectiveness that high level predators are going to zero in on we call this victimology and if you find any of these relevant to you these are the things that we need to remedy to start taking you off the menu does that make sense okay. Now. Mary's asking about protection from.

Dark. Energy the thing you need to understand about protecting people from. Dark. Energy protecting yourself from dark energy is to learn how to how to preserve and purify and strengthen your own okay.

I have all classes devoted to energetics this is not directly one of them. But one thing. I can tell you is that anything that direct that is that is pertains to emotions pertains to energy let me say that two more times. So it sinks in anything that influences emotion influences your energy one more time anything that influences your emotion influences your energy yes.

Good emotions can protect you 100% in fact. I use. I use these emotions many times to transform disease conditions um because when we're talking about emotions we are talking about energy. But some people don't resonate with that model in this context right.

Yeah. I. I got. Mystic training out the.

Wazoo energy training out the. Wazoo influence training out the. Wazoo. But people tend to think in blinders like most energy people actually are not if energy is your primary they actually have a very negative view of influence and persuasion people who are primarily in influence and persuasion driven love energy right.

It's it's kind of an interesting it's an interesting dichotomy. But either way one of the things that that. I can promise you is that if you fall into if you can check any of the boxes uh in the list. I'm about to go through.

Then your energy is vulnerable and. So is the rest of you okay. And. So these are the things that you're going to want to begin to change.

So that you get the menu. So that the. Predators who are going to select the victim don't select you does that make sense okay. All right.

So let's look. At this picology okay. Let me just make this a little bit smaller all right. Victimology how narcissist sociopaths maavan melan and mindcontrol.

Cults select their targets now remember vulnerability equals suggestibility especially if you're applying what we call the uh the. Predator protocol the predator protocol has five distinct phases okay. First one is called proactivity in other words predators are going to profile you they know exactly what to look. For behaviorally emotionally.

So socially um professionally you name it and they're going to create and identity that matches your profile follow me we call this phase the proactivity phase move this over here okay. The irony oh hold on a. Second this is getting all. C caty.

Wampus. I don't want caddy. Wampus. I don't want my.

Wampus is to be caddy and that's really small okay. I apologize for all the little stuff going on. So they're one the productivity they're going to profile you and create an identity for themselves that matches your profile. Then what are they going to do they're going to put themselves in your path.

So that when they meet when you meet them you identify with them we call this the identification phase in other words you start to think oh they're just like me okay. So it's proactivity identification credibility they're going to assume some kind of. Authority or status position that'll come from the way they dress the amount of money they throw around the clothes they uh the cars they drive the the job titles they hold something's going to give them social status or credibility in other words they're going to become someone that you trust that you believe has a right. To tell you and give you their opinion once they have that they're going to affirm your beliefs you're gonna they're going to support your emotions and they're going to create an.

US versus them mindset okay. So the. Next phase of the. Predator protocol is affirmation after that is emotional appeal now these can be done in any order.

But they are going to act or behave behave and provide access to experiences that are emotionally appealing okay. So if you're a you know if you're a a loner little school girl you know who kind of kind of a little geeky maybe not the most popular doesn't have a lot of friends they're going to show you ways that you can be be seen as popular build your status get a lot of attention all the things that you're being denied in your regular life they're going to provide access to those experiences because there things you really really want it will be very seductive and and during that process they will affirm your beliefs your attitudes they'll support your emotions and create an. US versus them mentality oh your parents don't know what they're talking about or whatever those other people they don't have any taste right. And because they're coming from a place where oh this person is kind of like me and they have some kind of social status you will believe them and why is that because you're getting the thing you want most attention validation and affirmation you guys with me.

So far does this kind of track with what your experience has been now here's the problem with this here's the problem with this these things happen with people who are good people too don't they don't a lot of the people that we actually value in our life also kind of do this that's the problem that's the problem you see the best. Predators on the planet really really good at looking like the good guys like really good right. And. So you here's here's the biggest obstacle to spotting these people you're not going to want to let me let me let me say that again the biggest obstacle to spotting these people aside from the fact that they're really good at.

Social camouflage is that you're not going to want to figure out or perceive them as anything other than what they appear to be why because being with these people makes you feel good you don't want to destroy that most people when we talk about light detection you learn about this. SEC killer influence we talk about lie detection most people are well even the best lie detectors on the planet people train like the. FBI. CIA they're only about 60% accurate most of the time and that's after watching the same guy lie multiple multiple times.

But a lot of people do detect when something's off when something's not right. But because the the emotional pain is connected with or the fear of. Confrontation a person will accept a lie or not look. Below the surface or the veneer of what somebody's presenting because they don't want to know the truth because if they know the truth.

Then they have to do something about it that the pain of finding out this person isn't who they say say they are is actually worse for them than believing a lie this is one of the things you need to understand um there was a book. By. Malcolm. Gladwell um not blink.

But there was one where we talks about getting through the truth or why we don't believe people why we trust people outliers well out no. It wasn't outliers it was a different one um. I forget what it was called um. But one of the things that you'll talk you you'll learn about something called the truth bias we as a rule human beings in day-to-day social interaction automatically give everyone you meet the benefit of the doubt we don't just automatically assume they're lying we assume they're telling the truth until proven otherwise right.

And the problem is when you when you learn actual lie detection and. I actually trained in actual lie detection before. I even started studying with. Chase.

I actually. I went to kinesic interview and interrogation training when. I was in my undergrad education when when. I was trying to decide if.

I wanted to go into law enforcement and become a criminal profiler and stuff like that one of the problems that you have when you're an interrogator is you have to go into detection deception detection mode. Square which means you only focus on the things that don't fit because the moment you start focusing on all the things that are true you start overlooking the flags it's a very different mindset and it's really important when we're talking about protecting ourselves because nobody wants to think negatively nobody wants to start being. Ultra security conscious right. Beyond a certain level we don't want to instantly assume everybody's a predator until proven otherwise it just goes against.

So much of what how we are trained to be good people. But when you want to spot. Predators you have to actually flip the script one of the things you'll learn at killer influence when you come we start teaching you three magic questions protocol three magic questions protocol is one of the most powerful connection and attraction uh techniques out there it's also one of the most powerful profiling techniques out there because people will start divulging more and more information even if it's negative information and they'll be happy to do it because they feel. So safe and comfortable with you the problem with it is that connection and communication goes both ways and.

So if you not if you don't remember to keep the always be testing mindset that we install in you when you're doing this process you'll just accept whoever's on the other end of that conversation and give them the benefit of the doubt for things that you shouldn't be giving them the benefit of the doubt for admit it raise your hands type that's me in the chat how many of you have ever dated the same person with a different face right. How many of you have ever dated somebody that had potential wasn't actualizing it just yet. But they had potential. So you gave them the benefit of the doubt yes.

We don't do that anymore okay. Once you've been through killer influence training. NLP. Ultra training defense against the dark.

ARS training we don't do that we don't give people the benefit of the doubt anymore they either pass our tests or they don't. So here's the rule. I want you to write down and it's something. I really need you to embrace always be tested let me say that two more times always be testing right.

There was a saying. I was looking at um an old saying says one one day a little. Shepherd boy was talking to uh his his father he says father do you believe in. God he goes yes.

Do you believe. God. Watches. Over.

Us goes yes. So. Then should. I just tie up my camel or should.

I believe in. God he goes believe in. God and tie up your camel right. It's okay.

To trust people after they've passed enough of your tests that prove they deserve your trust uh. J. JJ says. I need the tools it gets too much when you can't see who's in the zoo yes.

100% okay. I'm going to introduce you a killer influence. I'm going to introduce you and in the and in defense against the dark arts. I'm going to introduce you to a program developed by.

Wendy. Patrick called. Flags it's a it's a profiling system and. I.

I think it's very very useful for people who are still dating that makes any kind of um or vetting potential caregivers right. It's really useful we'll talk about it in killer influence can you see the. Last screen sure. So proactivity identification credibility information emotional appeal that's called.

The. Predator protocol in order for predators to be able to do what they do they need all five ingredients okay. The big biggest one and this is this is you're going to be learning the same skill sets only you're going to use it for for good instead of and to keep yourself safe instead of uh taking advantage of people. But you're going to have to learn how to profile people right.

So that you can identify people that match your profile you got to learn how to create identification. So that people will bond with you you've got to learn how to generate. Authority and social status. So that when you give people an opinion or a direction or an instruction they actually take it seriously you've got to learn how to affirm people's beliefs.

So they know that you you support them right. You don't necessarily want to create an. Us. Versus.

Them mindset that's where it gets a little bit manipulatively a little uh you know dodgy you always want to generate emotional appeal because people chase emotional appeal okay. So is this is this helpful is this useful all right. So in the spirit of proactivity let's talk about how to take yourself off the menu what do these guys actually look. For well one of the things that you want to watch out for is if you're taking any form of.

SSRI an. SSRI is a serotonin uh reuptake inhibitor okay. Selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor if you're on ssris these this will will affect your mood it will affect your perceptions and make you a bit more susceptible to influence if there's been a recent death in the family this will create emotional instability and a vacancy uh and aoid that these people will want to fill this is especially true with the death of a spouse or a parent right. Um history of mental illness if you've ever been diagnosed you are high on the list of people looking to infiltrate your life okay.

If there's been a recent divorce or end of relationship there's a void in your life that has caused your sense of identity or sense of self to be diminished let me talk about that one because this one's this is something that's really important one of the things that you'll learn about in killer influence is that when. PE when you're doing three magic questions protocol people tend to associate who they are with what they do. So if you go up to somebody and you say say what do you do for a living they'll say. I am an accountant.

I am a neural linguistic programmer. I am a school teacher okay. Anytime you hear a sentence that starts with. I am what you're hearing is what is known as an identity statement identity is the the result of our values now one of the things that.

I've learned over many many years of dealing with humans in their natural habitat is that there's two things that go that be that we become identified with remember. I started that with the identification principle one of the things that we become identified with is that the job that we do okay. Most people don't say. I do accounting most people don't say.

I teach elementary school or. I teach. NLP they'll say. I am a right.

I am a metaphysician exactly right. That's a belief now what happens if all of a sudden the. I am an accountant all of a sudden he's no. Longer an accountant what happens to his identity when the job that he's become identified as being part of who and what he is is no.

Longer there it's like getting an arm lopped off right. They're not whole anymore and their desk they people become desperate to fill that hole to feed that need right. Same thing happens when we lose a loved one or in a relationship ends the other place where people become super identified is in their relationships. So anytime a.

Rel this is why many times when somebody loses a job their relationship suffers any time somebody loses a relationship they often wind up losing their job because the pillars of who they are and the stability of their world is in complete chaos now it's completely open to be restructured right. And. So these are the thing and. So and where do we go when those things happen we go to support groups we look.

For a community of divorce people people going through divorce people suffering from addiction people suffering from the loss of a spouse people suffering from uh gambling and where do you think the. Predators go because why because there's buttons there they know how to push. So any kind of loss in your life that is either diagnosed recent or being medicated for is a lever that will flag you as somebody who's potentially manipulatable to these kinds of individuals okay. What else do they look.

For well. I'm glad you asked uh financial problems this is a huge flag right. Um one of the things that grifters love to look. For they're looking for people who have two basic qualities they're greedy they need money for some reason and they are okay.

With shortcuts okay. You they're they're looking for a shortcut and they're looking to uh they need money or want want more okay. So any recent financial problems loss of credit foreclosure loss of a job again usually equals loss of money. So people start getting desperate okay.

That makes you prime. Prime real estate for grifting okay. History of seeking help from suicide prevention lines these people will tend to be very high on the neuroticism spectrum neuroticism is actually a form of socialization normally socialized people have an average level of neuroticism neuroticism is what teaches us how to behave in public. But there are people who are super neurotic and be and because they're super neurotic everything is.

Amplified every shame every blame every pain every emotion and. So these people will seek out people to talk to they're what are they doing what are they really doing they're looking for support they're looking for a state change okay. Most of your bad guys are really really good at pretending to be good guys. So once again again be very careful if you're if you're if you're identifying with any of the things on this list that should be high on your priority to resolve in some way history of very few close friends loners oops bullied people outcasts right.

They look. For people who are detached or estranged from their family once again these people are feeling ostracized. God my spelling is terrible today you know what. I mean we're abandoned okay.

They're looking for connection they're looking for validation they're looking for. Safety and. Security this is a big one and you'll see this a lot in girls who are high on we call the. Deviant decision scale they're looking for attention and difference.

So these people will tend to be uh are very very good. U candidates for human trafficking strong desire for self-expression these are people who want to be and express themselves a certain way. But are persecuted or. But perceive being themselves as being persecuted being that okay.

So. I'm just elaborating a little bit on these things if you again like. I said before. I'm not.

I'm not pointing fingers. I'm not saying if you have if you're on these you you know you you you qualify for any of these things that you're going to be uh targeted what. I am saying is that these are the things that these predatory types look. For and.

So the more these you can remove from your life or find some other way to amarate the better off you are history of abuse physical or sexual it's been shown that a high number of people who are raped tend to get raped again. I don't make the rules. I just report them right. Um history of disconnection from friends and and family school and work remember that these guys are playing a numbers game they don't really care about the person at all if they fail one they're going to go on.

Next uh social stability scale we won't talk about that right. Now we'll talk about that. Later love bombing right. These are things that you might encounter okay.

Let me look. At the the chat really quick here. Anyway. So questions on that yes.

No. No. Questions most of you are like holy [ __ ] this got dark right. Is love bombing gaslighting no.

Love bombing and gaslighting are two very very different and opposite processes can you save the chat yes. You can okay. Questions about any of that how can we educe neuroticism um spend more time cleaning up your [ __ ] and reprogramming your behaviors your beliefs and how you. Express them if you get um if you get self-mastery supercharger or secrets of.

Personality transformation those are kind of do-it-yourself programs that can help you reduce some of that um. I recommend you get with somebody a human being who can actually guide you through those steps. But self-defense or self-mastery supercharger goes a long way in helping you kind of balance out that neuroticism stuff okay. So let's see what we got here uh bullies love hurting people.

I love how to protect people how to protect people. I love from okay. Well. First and foremost there's this this this belief that bullies only target people that they're that um who can't fight back that's not true uh bullies.

Target people they can overpower. So you may be able to fight back. But if they can overpower you you can still be the target of bullying bullying okay. Um the difference between love bombing and gaslighting gaslighting is where somebody you somebody does something and you call them on it and they deny it and they tell you you're crazy right.

They try to make you think you're the one that's wrong that you're nuts that you're insane that you're got it completely off love bombing is where they people bombard you with. So much affection and connection and support and validation that it completely overwhelms your critical faculty and you come to look. At those people as your new family right. Most.

Cults will will oscillate between gaslighting and love bombing. But it'll always start with love bombing they will love bomb you and love bomb you and they will move you to different location they will separate you from your family and all of your other identific identity anchors and context anchors they will put you in a new set in a new environment with a new f a new family structure lots of positive affirmation specific sets of rules to follow and. Then they will systematically accuse you of breaking those rules even when you haven't punish you for it and. Then love bomb you again until you're.

So conditioned to doing whatever is necessary to be accepted and approved of in that group that you completely um overwrite uh your previous identity numbers game are you psychic am. I psychic no. I'm not psychic. But.

I play one on television right. So um here's the thing about bullets you need to be willing to stand up for yourself no. Matter what win or lose you need to be willing to do it over and over again when it when when it's appropriate. But most importantly you need to have the will to fight back the thing about bullies is that they're they're looking for people they can overpower okay.

And. So while they're not necessarily cowards or. Freddy cats they're not looking for people that are going to give them a real fight right. So you may be willing to fight.

But not have the physical or emotional strength to to win in that battle that doesn't mean you don't try that doesn't mean you don't fight because the hardest thing to cultivate is the will to fight back the other thing that happens when people are are are dealing with bullies and this is something that we all have to find a way we all have to kind of find a way to to reconcile in our own way is there are things that we know are legally wrong to do to protect oursel. But are in our own minds ethically and morally right. Remember cops and police governments they're not in the right. Or wrong business they're in the legal illegal business.

So sometimes in order to protect yourself you've got to be proactive which may violate laws a lot of times more damage is done by choosing not to fight in whatever way is appropriate and walking away than if you took. The shot okay. Uh speaking of someone who grew up as a bullied kid who was the son of an abused son right. Who did the a father who did the best he could with the upbringing he had and this is what.

I teach my kids and. I'm not advocating you teach this to your kids at all violence is rarely the answer to anything. But many times when it's the answer it's the only answer. So my recommendation is everybody learn some or or obtain some form of self-defense and be willing to use it and establish for yourself very firm rules and boundaries tics if you will for when to make when to apply that that level of self-defense and response if you take the time to actually on paper externalize these things it makes it much more likely that you're going to actually do them if the situation arises it gives your mind a lot less doubt as to what you're doing cops are taught levels of escalation and deescalation why because they're going to be confronted with these.

PE these kinds of people all the time we can learn a lesson from our our law enforcement brothers and sisters. Rules of. Engagement rules of of response right. If you take the time to outline what those are and and.

Then you set about building and acquiring the resources to allow that to be done successfully. Then you can move through the world with a lot more safety confidence and security. But a lot of people are waiting for somebody else to save them they're waiting for somebody else to save them nobody's coming to save you the government's not coming to save you the cops are not coming to save you your mom or dad are not coming to save you the only one who's going to save you is you now it sounds harsh it sounds harsh it sounds mean this is the dark side this is the truth the people who are hunting you the people who are chasing you do not live by the rule of law in fact they hide behind the rule of law they they operate by the law of the jungle survival of the fittest the strongest survive the people with the power can do whatever they want because the people without it can't do anything the rest of the she the people who think who believe in the rule of law they're waiting for the law or the government or somebody else to step in and say no. You can't do that by the time somebody does if they do the.

Predator's long gone okay. There's a bunch of when you come to killer influence. I'm going to give you a reading list as long as my arm on things you need to understand. But if you aren't willing no.

Matter how afraid you are if you're not willing to stand up in the face of tyranny and. I'm sound like. I'm. I'm talking about politics now tyranny is any form of bound imposition or violation of your boundaries of people are trying to impose their will on you in a way that you don't allow or accept or want if you don't have the strength of character and the physical or emotional or financial or resource strength to back that up you got to get it because the only rights you have as a human being are the ones you can fight for and and and and protect.

I love the constitution of this country. I think it's one of the most amazing documents ever written. But the truth is predators don't care about the. Constitution what they care about is what they can get away with right.

Now okay. You need the only rights you truly have in the eyes. Of those people are the ones you can protect right. That's not something a lot of you are going to want to hear right.

You're. GNA want to hear that there's some magic language pattern that keeps you safe there are systems that you can do that you can use to to make that easier for sure. But if you're not willing to use the tools doesn't matter. So before.

I go on to the. Next phase let me just uh review what we got going on because. I'm going to have to jump off soon um. So for those of you who want the real tools here it is secrets of human influence home study course it's a $2,497 value you're going to get the defense against the dark arts home study course $1,997 value we're going to give that to you free you're going to get the.

Renegade reframing uh how to overcome objections and eliminate uh limiting beliefs in seconds by the way when you're dealing with the manipulators and. Bullies of the world. Renegade reframing is the bee's knees it is the [ __ ] okay. You want to turn the tables on narcissists and gaslighters and love bombers and all that crap cult recruiters oh my.

God you you'll see the [ __ ] brains dribble out their ears when you hit them with with the reframing stuff it's crazy. Anyway. I digress it's $1,997 value we're going to give that to you absolutely free you're going to get your copy of. Charisma and conversion uh $1,997 value absolutely free you're going to get the.

NLP power. Mastermind mentoring program $1,597 value absolutely free and if you click on click that link firsttime buyers uh before. I log off you're going to get a free. VIP ticket to the.

Next killer influence 5day covert hypnosis certification boot camp it's a $3,150 value you can get it absolutely free total value on this package is4 $1,232 you can get it all for one teeny tiny investment of $99.97 or if you need an even teenier tinier investment you can break it up into three installments of just 3.97 each all you got to do is. Click your link right. Now www. killer influence.com slgo that's. HTTP www. killer influence do oops. slgo right.

And yeah just click that link right. Now grab your course and. I will take you as far as. I can down the prot personal protection rabbit hole for those of you who are do want more uh training on physical self-defense we actually do have a training coming up in.

October 17th through the 20th called secrets of internal power designed for non-martial artists to teach you some dirty rotten sneaky uh self-defense tricks you might want to check that out also uh you can actually use your. VIP ticket for that instead of the 5day killer influence if you think you need the physical skills more than the uh the mental skills all right. That being said let's move on to uh something else. I think what we're going to talk about.

Next. So we talked about the. Predator protocol we talked about victimology let's talk about resistance. Removal really quick unless unless you guys got something else you want to talk about.

I can talk about resistance removal or uh we can talk about something else that has to do with the defending yourself against the dark side column says that's perfect how does this fit into all the advice that they give to stay out of the narcissist crosshairs it's very simple narcissists are looking for people that are looking for. Heroes that are looking for saviors. So anytime they can position thems as the. Savior the hero the support um they're going to do that right.

Think about emotional appeal think about credibility and affirmation all right. If you have very low sense of self-esteem selfworth and somebody comes along most narcissists come across as extremely confident if a bit selfish uh. But when people are seeing. Through.

The. Eyes. Of. Attraction they tend to take a lot of negative traits and and process them as positive traits you'll learn that when we talk about the flag system um.

So people who are very controlling will come across as very um safety oriented right. Things of that nature it's it's a really interesting lens that. PE it's like a it's like a funhouse mirror uh when people are seeing seeing predators to the eyes. Of.

Attraction okay. Okay. Any other questions before we move on to um resistance removal. I'm not going to spend a lot of time on.

Resistance rle because. I've taught it in the past. But. I think it's really really really important um because every now and.

Then you're going to hear no. And people don't want to hear no. If you've used the emotional motivation checklist the emotional bonding checklist that we we've described and we've demoed and we walked you through if you use that with your clients just the way you saw me do it with. Bernice um most people are going to want to do what you want them to do okay.

So. First thing you got to do when you want people to do things they just told you they didn't want to do is you have to acknowledge and support they're right. Not to do it and you have to make them believe you we call this we call this restoring personal autonomy okay. A person needs to have their own sense of freedom and choice validated and orted and it has to be done in an authentic way because if the person you're seeking to influence views you as having an agenda.

Then they're going to spin everything you say as an attempt to manipulate them and the one thing that has to happen in order to get somebody to do the thing they just said they didn't want to do is they have to believe that you acknowledge validate and support their right. Not to do it without any judgment right. So the. First thing that has to happen is you have to do that.

So what does that look. Like uh let's say. I have a client coming to me who wants to quit is is there to learn how to stop smoking right. But he's there or she's there because her husband wants her to quit her kids want her to quit her boss wants her to quit her in-laws want her to quit everybody wants this woman to quit except her and.

So one day she. Finally has had enough having her her her her butt busted because of the fact that she enjoys smoking. So she says okay. Fine.

I'll go see a hypnotist and she walks into my clinic and she says hi. David. I said what what can. I do for you today he goes.

I need you to make me stop smoking well there's a red flag right. There if you're a change worker and somebody says. I need you to make me do. X.

First thing that should a little flag should go up right. Away and say this person doesn't want that to happen this person doesn't want that because if they wanted to do it they would need you to make them do it okay. We call that a modal operator of necessity which means that the impetus the the force the power that's promoting them to change is coming from outside of them people always look. At things that are external to themselves as pain.

Centric they look. At things being imposed on them okay. So the that should be a flag right. There.

So the. First thing you have to do is you have to convince that person in front of you that they don't have to change if if they don't want to that you're not on the side of the people trying to make them change that you're on their side. So it might sound something like this you know. Miss.

Jones. Betty. I get that um your mom wants you to change your husband wants you to change your kids are on your case your in-laws are busting your butt too. But.

I need to tell you something and and. I and. I mean this from the bottom of my heart when you walk through that door and you sit in that chair you are my responsibility you are my primary concern. I'm your guy.

So. I don't care what your husband wants and. I don't care what your kids want and. I don't care what your in-laws or your boss want you to do.

I want to help you get what you want. So the simple truth is if you don't want to quit smoking. I'm not going to try to make you quit smoking fact if you want to enjoy smoking more. I'll help you do that right.

If you want to sit in here for an hour leave and tell your your your in-laws that it didn't work. I'll support you there if you want to come here once a week sit in my chair and work on something completely other than smoking. I'm good with that too because. I'm here for you.

I'm here to support you and help you make your life better because of what you want not because of what everybody else wants. So let me ask you this just. So. I understand you better if you were to want to quit smoking though not for your wife your husband's reasons or your your kids reasons or your boss your in-laws if you were want to quit smoking for you for.

Betty's reasons why might you want to do that why might you want to do that now most of the time they're going to hem and ha a little bit and. I say well well because of this you know if. I wanted to quit smoking it would be you know. So.

I could save some money. I could have better health you know it' be nice to not hear everybody complain. So much okay. So.

Better. Health save the money not hear people be nice to hear not people not not complain. So much. So.

I'm curious. Betty just for the sake of of conversation on a scale of 1 to 10 how much might you want to you know save the money have better health and not hear people [ __ ]. So much oh. God like a nine really a nine wow.

I'm. I'm really curious why. So much why didn't you rate that less what why do you want that. So bad what's what's.

So important about that well because. I want to be healthy and. I want to be there for my kids and obviously it'd be nice to have a nice peaceful home not worrying about hearing people complain all the time of course. I want that okay.

So. I'm curious what's the. Next step we need to take to help you have that and how soon do you want to get started well. I guess.

I. I need to stop the smoking. So. I can you know have that and.

I guess now's a good time okay. So. I've done that process on. So many different situations and circumstances.

But for those of you who want to see it in action if you after you click the link and you you reserve your package if you go to my. YouTube channel and you type in instant conversational pain relief a video will come up the audio is not. So great because it was an impromptu breakout session at a convention you will see use a version of this process to completely argue somebody out of back pain swear to. God and what was funny is she was a hypnotist she never saw this coming right.

It was completely impromptu. But you'll see the power of this protocol right. The basis of this protocol is from a book. Called instant influence by.

Dr. Michael pantelon okay. So what. I'm going to do is.

I just. I just gave you the demo and. I just did each of the steps. So now.

I'm going to let you guys take a screenshot. So you have it for your records we'll cover this far more in depth at the. Next killer influence and it's also covered very much in depth um let me just get rid of some of this we cover this very much in depth in your defense against the dark arts course and your killer your secrets of personal or of uh persuasion home study course okay. So here it is restore their personal autonomy if you were to want to do.

X why might you want to do that validate their response. Echo their words ask the. Next question on a scale of one to 10 how much might you want to do that they're going to give you a number from 1 to 10 whatever it is you repeat it you. Echo their words you validate their response you ask the.

Next question. So. I'm curious that's validate and soften why. So much why didn't you rate that less they're gonna they're gonna this is this is where the magic happens by the way when you ask this question why didn't you rate it less it reverses all the resistance that they were mustering to not do it and for and and pushes them to want to do the opposite the.

Next question is that's amazing. So what's the. Next step we need to take to move forward how soon do you want to get started right. So there's the whole process right.

There let me kind of close this up a little bit. So it all fits on one page okay. Questions okay. That being said.

So that's about all we have time for folks um hopefully you guys saw the light grabbed your courses and are ready to go in case you were on the fence now's the. Last call when. I log off tonight's webinar all the fast action bonuses. The.

Mastermind mentoring program the stealth instant conversation hynosis crash course and of course the. VIP super ticket they're off the table. So if you've been on the fence up to this point what would now be a good time to click those links and uh reserve your programs okay. That being said uh let me just review what you're getting one.

Last time you will get the secrets of human influence home study course right. At $2,497 defense against the dark arts $1,997 value we're going to give this for you free you're going to get the. Renegade reframing uh objection obliteration and conversational hypnosis. Mastery $1,997 value free crisan conversion 997 value free the.

NLP power. Mastermind mentoring program $997 value. I'm sorry $1,597 value the stealth instant conversational hypnosis crash course $997 value and of course that. VIP super ticket the.

Next killer influence secrets of covert hypnosis uh certification boot camp live in. California all you got to do is. Click your link click your link click your link uh and if you need to we can break that up into three easy installments of just uh 3.97 each okay. That's all.

I got remember if you have questions uh when the replay goes live should usually it takes about 30 40 minutes for the replay to show up in the live stream segment of the. YouTube channel please type your questions all right. Re reach out to. Moss and.

Mia. Moss at. NLP power.com. M.

NLP power.com call the office leave your name and number. So we know you qualify 858 282 4663 special thanks to. Holly. Bigalow.

Seth breart uh. Brandon. Burr and. Moss.

Lightman and who are. Manning the uh back of the room making sure you guys get what you need in the fastest way humanly possible. I hope you had an amazing time if you enjoyed this content if you'd like to see more please like and share these videos send this to people you think you would benefit from it and by all means click that link. So.

I can personally guide you into the um into the wonderful world of persuasion influence and defense against the dark arts this is. Dr. David. Snider.

I love you good night and. God bless take care.
