Title: wME1-bW-mIc.txt
Video Id: wME1-bW-mIc
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wME1-bW-mIc

Foreign hello hello everyone this is. Dr. David checking in um just. So you know um what.

I've decided to do since today is our uh our. Saturday. Mastermind meeting what. I decided to do since it is a double long.

Mastermind. I decided to share the. First half of today with the you folks on my. YouTube channel okay.

Um you're gonna see us you're gonna see me taking questions you're gonna see me creating a lesson plan for folks and. Then start drilling them and interacting with them. So um. I will not be able to answer uh comments or questions in the.

YouTube because this you know as much as. I wanna. I wanna share everything with you uh this is part of our premium membership our. Diamond membership and.

So these people have have raised their hand to to get extra one-on-one mentoring and attention from me if you're enjoying what you see um by all means. I encourage you to go ahead and join our our members. Channel at the diamond level and you too will be able to come in and participate with us during our. Next meeting.

So we'll probably only do the. First half of today. So probably maybe around uh 12 1 o'clock. I'll either give them a break for lunch or um or what have you and.

Then. I will just turn off the live stream to. YouTube and uh and you guys can decide for yourself what you guys want to do and how you how much time you want to spend with good old. David.

But thank you. So much for for sharing uh time with us and uh and. I hope you enjoy the the class uh take care oh by the way if you do have questions obviously. I won't be able to answer them during the live.

But. I will make it a practice to go over the comments uh the the the questions that you ask in the comment section of the uh of the video after this goes live by the way just. So you know also uh because this is a private session once um. The.

Mastermind is over. I will be setting the permissions on this back to private. Diamond level and are actually gold and above only uh it's the diamond level who gets to interact with me personally everybody else can get to watch the replays. But you still have to be a member of the channel at one of the paid levels to do that.

So. Anyway that's what. I got and as you can see behind me here on my uh my background is our upcoming seminar secrets of internal power for those of you who are into energetics martial arts self-defense. Spiritual.

Development this class is the one time of year where. I kind of pull back the curtain on how all these things come together. So you can learn how to protect yourself physically mentally emotionally energetically and spiritually and. I invite you if you're interested and you have it interested in those things please go ahead and type your comments.

I'll post a link for you that being said it's time for me to start letting folks in and uh because we're starting a little early it might start off a little slow. But we'll go from there hello hello hello everyone we've got about two minutes until the officials start of our. NLP power. Mastermind mentoring program.

I see some familiar faces we're gonna go ahead and uh since we have a couple of minutes before the fish will start time uh let's start with. Christine. Sutton. Christine what do you want to learn today what do you want to focus on maybe she's away from her let me go to.

Brady. Bunch mode here really quick all right. Well let's go to. Jake.

Jake welcome long time no. See my friend yeah. So what's going on what can. I do for you today how what do you want to play with no.

Just uh. I guess how to get more in touch with your body get out of your head. I guess get out of your head yeah okay. I actually have stuff for that.

But usually to get out of your head. I have to get inside your head. So. I don't know those weird things your uh your microphone is a little bit scratchy or or staticky is uh is that is my sound okay.

Yeah it just sounds good okay. All right. All right. Okay.

I'm up now you think you're up now okay. Christine what do you want to talk about today what do you want to play with well. I'm going to play with is just remind us why why when things are going good and. I we've covered this before.

But. I forget when things are going good we always have this thing in the back of our mind says something's going to happen on the other end and it's not going to turn out good at all right. Go ahead we're constantly doing that well a lot of it is pattern pattern installation from the time we were little you know um the other thing is is that when if you if you look. At your life your life is kind of like a timeline right.

Cause and effect um sequences right. Yeah and if you if you if you travel along that time long enough something good is going to happen and. Then something bad is going to happen it's it's there there's a constant change what happens is over time your unconscious mind starts to link things together does that makes any kind of sense and. So and it starts to anticipate the other thing that happens a lot of times is we inherit programs from our parents one of the things our parents will say because they don't want us to be arrogant right.

And. So oh. I'm. So great this is.

So awesome you know some people you know when that. Pride goeth before a fall and they say a few minutes we start to feel happy and proud about something you know uh see. I told you. So and all these things happen.

So we get all these weird programs from our parents and we don't realize just how pervasive that programming is um and. So we we take those external programs and we actually install them in ourselves right. Once you become aware of them you have the tools and the. Technologies to begin to to change that you know.

I just did a class um. I just did a three-day class on hidden. Laws of. Attraction where we talked about the characteristics of lucky people uh and things of that nature and one of the things that that comes up a lot of times is um lucky people are kind to themselves what.

I mean by that is is that like when hits the fan either literally or metaphorically um they don't beat themselves up about it right. And. So. But seven times what happens is because we're having this really really great experience there's a part of us that wants to protect us from losing it and.

So we start to anticipate the bad thing happening and we don't realize that a lot of times that anticipation that protective response that we have actually brings it about right. So there's lots of different reasons why this can be right. I like to think of the the one way. I can tell you that can.

Empower you no. Matter what's going on around you is if you think of everything you're being presented with as a test from the universe that's trying to that's trying to suck you into a certain way of thinking about the world that isn't in your best interest s right. Rather than why does this always happen to me it's like something bad comes up or something less than positive comes up and you like. I said ah universe is testing me again.

I got this right. Just the way you think about things determines the behaviors and the perceptual filters that you act upon right. So remember that when in your in your identity by. Design training we talked about the somatic search engine right.

That that part of you that's designed to answer questions and we all know we've all had this experience right. We've all met someone or have been the person where something crappy happens and we say why does this always happen to me right. And your unconscious mind is down there going oh wants a list huh there you go right. It's the same idea um the quality of your life is determined by the quality of the questions you ask.

So when a perception um when perceivably negative things come up or less than positive things come up ask yourself a couple of different questions what else could this be what is the universe trying to teach me and how can. I make this a good thing if you just ask those questions your neurology will start to give you answers and if you accept if you're willing to act upon and accept that those answers could be equally as true as the crappy meaning you assigned in the. First place it frees you up and it empowers you. So.

I hope that makes sense yes. Because. I deal with because honestly. I have to come up with these things because.

I'm the poster child for all this crap right. Um. So. But we can play with that a little bit the somatic search engine if you guys are not familiar with the somatic search engine um there's a you guys are often you're all familiar with.

Google because you all got here through. Google or some very some. Google property right. You ever notice that when you uh when you go to.

Google for information the kind of information you get is based largely on how you ask the question right. Well human beings always create technology that mirrors or reflects what they do with their neurology not necessarily how they do it. But what they're doing and. So many times um when we ask our own inner search engine uh a question no.

Matter how badly formed the question is the neurology is compelled to answer. So by learning how to monitor the self-talk that you have and being aware of the questions you're assigning to yourself or assigning to an event you have tremendous tremendous power over the meaning of events in your life and one of the things that you'll discover the longer you're implanted. David is that it's the meanings that you assigned to things that determine what level of. Consciousness you operate at it's a feedback loop if.

I'm at one level of. Consciousness. I'm going to process data points in my environment at in harmony with that if. I if.

I see something in my in my environment and. I decide and. I assign a meaning to it my. Consciousness will shift up or down depending on whether on on the meaning.

I assign right. And. So a lot of times it's it's not the facts of something that screw us up it's the meanings we assign to those facts and that really does make a huge difference in the direction. Our.

Lives take and the behaviors that come from that. So let me go ahead we got a ton of people uh in the chat let me go ahead and get everybody's names. So. I don't miss anyone there's.

Rebecca and. I see. Renee uh did. I just see a peat no.

There's a. Chris there's. Chris. Lee good to see you again.

Chris. Evan hold on a. Second. I don't think many people see here helmet yeah all right.

Make sure we're all muted. So that nobody gets we don't uh we don't get distracted if we can help it there's. Jax it's. John.

Christensen. John's in twice. I guess he he can't get enough of us uh let's see here there's. Voice or.

Royce. Bivens sorry. I had a had a. Brazilian moment rice.

I wanted to call you. Hoy. So satyrus and. Then.

V got in early. So he's. Next on our list. V what do you want to learn today what do you want to talk about hey.

David good to see you again it's been a while um. So at two things one is pretty quick and the other one is more drill based uh. First one is. I was going through some of the older videos and you'd mentioned some stuff on image cycling um.

So. I wanted to know more about like the applications of that um as well as like just the general structure. I saw like the the file in the group um that someone had created like a year ago um. So.

I wanted to know more about the image cycling process okay. And the drill based thing is uh language patterns like. I'd really like to work on. Magnificent.

Seven uh if we can okay. Mag seven sure thing awesome um yeah we can uh once. I have everybody's questions and. I know where we're going as far as the lesson plan goes we'll see how we can work all that in to uh into the training.

Rebecca what do you got for me. I'm. So new that. I'm not sure what to ask all right.

Well as we go through the process um again this process this part of the. Mastermind is sometimes a bit lengthy based on how many people are in the group and uh the kinds of questions that they're asked sometimes if they're asking just a basic question. I'll just do a little monologue on that and. Then that'll be it sometimes there are things that need.

Drilling and they're. Universal to everyone. So we'll put that into the lesson plan in the practice remember today is a double. Mastermind all right.

Because we because of my training schedule. Last month um. I couldn't do the regular. Mastermind.

So one of the things that we make a policy is is whenever we have to uh reschedule a training or or not do a training because of that the. Next month we always double it up. So you never you're never ever ever going to lose your training time with me you just may get a big bunch of it one month and. Then you know regular size increments at other times.

So. I do appreciate your flexibility all of you um because the training is gonna it's gonna be a little bit more crazy uh as we move towards the end of the year. But fortunately um most of what. I'm doing is either local or virtual.

So it shouldn't affect us all that much in terms of um doing our training and stuff that. But. I do with. I would.

I do want to encourage you um if at all you can get to um you can get to our. Live. Events oh since this is. The.

Mastermind group. I might as well tell you starting. Next month we are going back to live event live. Mastermind training another one.

I mean. I know this is live. But what. I mean is in the room with me.

So if you are in fact in the. Southern. California area and you are and you want to you can literally drive down to. San.

Diego meet me at the venue and from 11 to 4. P.M we will do this stuff in person in the room together don't worry folks we will still it will still stream to you you'll still be able to participate. But we're going back now you know covet is long gone pandemic's long gone it's time to get back to living and. So we're going back to what we've been doing successfully for almost 12 years which is getting in the room rolling up our sleeves doing the drills and getting the skills.

So for those of you who are currently. Mastermind members you just show up. But new. Mastermind members coming in uh because we're doing these things live there is an a little bit more cost we are going to be raising the entry level price uh to that.

I haven't decided what that's going to be yet it'll still be stupidly cheap compared to what you're getting. But um. I love doing things live in a group it makes for much more entertaining video as well um and it keeps me sharp. So.

I'm excited about it our. First meet our. First actual uh. Meetup if we reactivated our.

Meetup program as well we've filled up instantly with over 40 people in a room that holds 30. actually we got close to 60 people in a room that holds 30. um. Monday night uh. August 28th uh down here at the country and in. Suites if you're in the.

Southern. California area and you are a mastermind member you're allowed to come right. Um we'll find a seat for you that's kind of what we're gonna do okay. I have.

I do have something. I knew you would. Rebecca if. I just kept talking yes.

Um. I'm still at the point where. I'm trying to figure out sort of how to apply some of these things to myself before. I think about applying them to someone else.

So that's. So it starts with and and here's here's the secret to to starting anything what do you want it's a really simple question. But we don't really think about it well what do. I really want right.

What would be fun what would be nice you know what do. I want everything starts with an outcome once you know what you want and how you know you're getting it the. Next thing is what state do. I need to be in to begin the process of creating that right.

So if you look. At some of our our training materials uh we'll talk about the universal persuasion protocol know your outcome control your state get. Rapport use your language manage a state of the person you're you're targeting jump into their process bond to their. Criterion values what you're going to find is that when you apply that formula or that algorithm to the most important person in the universe which is you you're the most important person in your.

Universe. Things become very formulaic now formulaic doesn't make it bad it just gives you a road map to follow that still has a lot of flexibility in it that you can do uh some pretty cool stuff right. So start with what you want let's go to. Renee.

Renee you with us all right. We'll. Circle back uh. Chris.

Chrisley talk to me. I'm here my mute. I was muted. I didn't realize.

I muted myself again um one of the things that um interests me is there's a couple things one thing. I was watching one of your replays on your masterminds or ask me anything. I can't recall now and one of the things that somebody was asking you about was in the visual stuff and he mentions something about the little black dots in the vision and he and he said to you he goes he goes. I know what to do with those.

I know those are negative ones. I didn't know about that and. I've had that happen when. I've tried to do visualization stuff and.

I've noticed. I've had like little looks like little tiny black circles dots somewhere in my vision. So what exactly does that mean. I.

I'm not sure. I'm following exactly what you're asking. So when you're doing visualizations and you're picturing something little black dots are showing up in the in the in the visualization like when you're doing a clearing when something comes up that you're trying to clear and you see like some or a vision and there's it's just like um little black dots are in the picture um. So you can't see any color or anything it looks like just a little tiny black dot and.

I'll see them sometimes in things that. I see and he had mentioned something about those being like negative blocks or something within that memory or something okay. So what. I would do with that because.

I haven't. I haven't experienced that. But if that had happened to me what. I would have done is.

I would have ex. I would have just stepped back in my mind looked at the image looked at the black dots and said okay. Where in my body does the feeling connected to that dot live point to where. I feel it and touch it and.

Then. I would have done either my color breathing or my magic frame or my transformational. Triad depending on what other skills. I might have.

I might also say okay. How young was. I when. I.

First felt this and who was it with. First impression and now you're going back to the original sensitizing event and now you can clear it um the way you've been trained to clear it right. Sometimes our our system sends us visual metaphors uh somatic metaphors sometimes even tones and smells. I remember one time.

I was doing some internal work and internal mindfulness work and. I went into my liver and when. I went into my liver even though it's a met you're doing it through metaphor the there when. I the the stuff.

I was clearing had such even right. Now. I'm starting to like want to vomit because. I'm remembering how intensely bad that that odor was right.

Was there an actual odor there was energy being interpreted as odor. So be open this is one of the things that that when we're really starting to to explore our inner. Universe we have to become aware of let me go to. Brady.

Bunch mode because. I really want to explain this because you're all you've all encountered this whether you realize it or not. So how many of you have done the gray room just by show of hands okay. How many people don't know what.

I'm talking about when. I say great room raise your hands up or actually you've never seen the gray room. I've seen. I've seen it.

I just don't have a lot of experience with it okay. You got it all right. That's fine. So.

But you've all done visualizations and done little metaphors in your head and stuff you ever notice that sometimes like if you go into a metaphorical room in your head if you're if somebody's guiding you and they're telling you what's in the room you see the things that are in the room. But sometimes there's other stuff in that room besides what the person mentioned or sometimes the stuff in the room is different from what the person mentioned have you ever noticed that yes. No. Okay.

That's something to pay attention to because it's all you right. So here's what normally happens is you you create your conscious mind creates an expectation of what that experience is supposed to be like and. Then you get into the meditation you get into the metaphor and all of a sudden there are differences what you're seeing there is extra. Communications from your other than conscious mind it's not your unconscious mind being rebellious it's not your unconscious mind trying to hurt you or screw up your process it's your unconscious mind communicating in the only language it knows how to the problem is is that you're viewing those differences and those deviations from the expectation through the lens of your conscious mind which automatically makes it wrong right.

You guys go back to basic six dynamics of an unconscious response unconscious mind always answers. First it always answers honestly it always feels like you're making it up you always have an urge to edit what just came up it's never loud and it's never linear foreign in this aspect now because when you start going into meditations you're going to encounter stuff that is different than what you intended to be there and rather than making it wrong mine it for what's going what the the communication it's meant to be now depending on what processes you're engaged in that's the appropriate way to do it if you're if you're engaged in for example uncovering processes clearing your stuff that's where you go if you want to find out more about you that's what you do if you're engaged in learning how to transcend and connect to higher abilities or higher. Powers unless hold on a. Second.

I gotta. I gotta mute everybody um if you're trying to develop a certain attribute or quality. Then you have to acknowledge that thing put it on a shelf and continue focusing on what you came in to do does that make sense depending on your application it will depend what you do with those unexpected things. But the the one thing you don't want to do is say that can't be right.

Or that's that's wrong there's information there that is being provided to you from your other than conscious mind in the form of a metaphor right. And again once. I realized this um. I was it was much.

I was much more lenient on myself and because. I unders. I. I.

Later be able to understand the concept of the somatic search engine and the primary encoding all these things that you've been exposed to at one level or another. I was able to learn more about myself. I was able to unlock things and let and get rid of things because. I wasn't denying them which is what happens when your conscious mind when your conscious expectation meets an unconscious response we go into denial we try to make it wrong we we try to get the two-year-old to beat up the 50 year old metaphorically speaking because remember the older the part of you the more power it has now we don't want to vilify the conscious mind.

But we need to understand its. Dynamics. So we can integrate it into our processes does that make sense even if it doesn't that's how it kind of plays out. So some shit's true whether you want to believe it or not.

So going back to your question. Renee if you've ceased black spots. I would. First thing.

I would do is acknowledge it dialogue with it where my body is the feeling. Then. I would unpack it and. I would use whatever tools um in my in my toolbox to resolve that does that make sense yeah what.

I had done when that came up before. I just did my vision grabbed a hold of a little black dot and tossed it out of my picture that's what. I did and it seemed like it did some of it um sometimes it would be like come back like in a smaller you know or in a different space in that case. Magic.

Frame it yeah yeah yeah anytime something goes away and comes back it's it's textbook. Magic. Frame that means lessons lessons yeah remember the whole thing. I wanted to ask you about was um what kind of practices should.

I use to do the type of work where you reverse um the signs of aging process most of it's emotional clearing okay. Yeah one of the things that you know you know my wife and. I. I think.

I've said this before um. But 10 15 20 years ago when my wife and. I were. First getting together we came up together with this we both came to the same conclusion kind of independently.

But we agreed we we started to really believe that most physical aging is a result of emotional toxicity um and almost 20 some years. Later as. I delve deeper and deeper into the the inner teachings of. Buddhism uh the.

Taoism the. Christian systems the the nagong and the the shengong systems. I'm finding that same truth for example in all five systems when the when when the soul is escorted into the physical body it's escorted by five they call it five lights and these lights actually are virtues they're not yours per se they're things you have to develop and that's actually what the the heart and soul of of many of these mystical practices is is developing these virtues now each of these virtues each one settles in an organ. So like uh inner peace and and and joy goes to the heart now when.

I say. Joy. I mean good like happy joy not like pathological. Joy which is also a.

National. Guard the inner peace is really what goes to the heart um integrity goes to the lungs kindness goes to the liver trust goes to the spleen and when we come in with these things part of our spiritual. Mission part of our energetic mission is to cultivate those frequencies of energy the attribute is kindness. But the energy itself is a positive healing nurturing rejuvenating energy.

But what happens is any time we lapse into the negative aspect of that that energy. So let's let's use let's use um the liver as an example right. So the energies that heal us and rejuvenate us are kindness. Integrity uh gratitude trust wisdom okay.

When we actively cultivate those things we get healthier every time we get angry which is the negative aspect of the liver energy we actually consume the kindness energy we actually burn it up. So if. I spend you know a week practicing and and developing kindness and and cultivating that virtue in myself. I get mad at my kids once.

I just burned it up oh wow now going back to. Neuroscience the game is rigged why do. I say that. First of all if you want to check up on me the book.

You want to reference is the power of bad by. Roy. Baumeister there's a four to one negativity bias in the human nervous system okay. If you know one unit of of good of good stuff one unit of bad stuff okay.

One unit of bad stuff the nervous system assigns a gravity of four one unit of good stuff nervous system assigns a gravity of one this is the. Neuroscience of it okay. So if what the taoists and the. Christians and the and all the other.

Mystics are saying is true. Then. I have. I have to cultivate at least five units of a virtue just to be positive against one.

So this is why we're always kind of. Aging in the wrong direction right. Because we burn up the energy that rejuvenates us right. One of the things you'll you'll you'll see over and over and over again is that the higher the frequency the healthier it tends to be right.

The more. High the higher the frequency the the more healthy it is for the body right. So a lot of it is just clearing your if you going back to face reading if you look. At somebody's face and.

Then you start working on them with the markings on their face as they clear it the markings go away or shift and change right. So a lot of it is emotion in my opinion the is equivalent to emotional toxicity which is a vibrational energetic phenomena. But we don't even need to talk about you know just take the energetics out of it the more joyful you ever notice that when people get very happy and start laughing and are filled with joy they just automatically look. Younger yeah hello right.

It's the hormones that are released right. Everything rejuvenates right. It's connected you know again whether you want to take it as a purely uh hormonal thing okay. You want to take it as a vibrational spiritual thing you can do that the mechanics are still the same thing we spend more time because of the default system we spend more time zeroing in on negativity and trying to get back to some some semblance of.

Happiness um. Then starting there and just maintaining it right. So if you're working with the spleen in trust would you do something like um one part clearing things that you would do four parts trust issue comes up no. This is actually again poof big poof moment for me um you need four four to five times the amount of clearing versus cultivation we want to work on the positive instead of working on getting rid of the negative yeah you know in every system.

I've studied the full system eighty percent of the work is clearing and if you understand the unit the nervous the the system's negativity bias that kind of makes sense right. Now as you clear that you're going to go through some rough patches okay. There's it's it's not going to be a cakewalk you're going to want to quit you're going to hate me you're going to hate the world anybody who told you to do this in the. First place you're gonna you're gonna be like.

I wish. I never met that in the best right. Because you're going through you know the way it was explained to me by one of my. Seafoods was like for year or.

So several years you're gonna feel like a walking apology right. Because you're as you as your body starts to energize and purify it starts to purge well actually it's coming out the same way it went in. So the idea is to understand the process accept the process and let it happen which we don't want to do right. We we we're not we the moment we feel bad we start doing anything we can to make it go away yep right.

You know and and that we honestly like. I could keep telling my students impatience is my superpower right. So if you want to go to my my. Seafoods trainings and.

I look. At how they're doing things and they work really well. But they take a long time and. I'm like why don't we just spin that right.

It doesn't matter how you get there you just gotta you just gotta have you just have to have a purging process and understand that as you move towards health it's gonna feel like you're getting worse for a while because your system's purifying yeah. I get. I get that. I've.

I've been through that with my clearing stuff and. I. I like you it's like okay. This isn't working fast enough it's like.

I gotta find something materialistic that. I can do to make me feel better all right. Okay. Okay.

So that's all. I got thank you cool yeah um hold on a. Second uh. I want to make sure.

I didn't miss anybody that. Teresa came in late. So. I'll put her in here who's on.

Next on my list um. Chris. Lee talk to me. David hey buddy just a question on you know um when you use the pendulum to see the chakra and stagnation what if what if one is spinning backwards well the other way the thing to remember is that the chakra has been as.

I was taught the chakras spin both ways. But there's a predominance. So as. I again this can change depending on what part of the world you're in.

But generally speaking clockwise is when it's taking in energy counterclockwise is when it's uh giving out energy. So um you have to look. At what is it you're trying to work on and is that the appropriate. Direction for the activity right.

Some people are you know especially if they have like retirement lines or over nurturing lines. I guarantee you most of the time there's doctors are going off the counterclockwise because they're putting out and putting out and putting out and they're not they're not replenishing. So when you measure the chakras in the front and measure chakras in the back are they balanced are they bringing in as much as they're taking out right. And if there's an imbalance.

Then there needs to be a you need to shift some things around does that help okay. Let's go all right. Um lots of interesting people today hold on a. Second okay.

All right. Uh let's see here. Evan the mighty. Rada what do you got for me hello hey well uh there's something.

I've noticed what. I've been doing my like we're having regressions done. I mean it seems like every time. I have like this jolt that starts going through my spine okay.

But it's only with regression. I'm trying to figure out if it's because it's purging or because. I'm just trying to call attention to something that's there it's they're not mutually exclusive. So what happens is you have three major energetic blocks some some systems say five.

But three basic ones there's one at your sacrum there's one at around your solar plex hard in the in this in this and at the back and. Then there's one at the back of the neck what happens a lot of times is as you start to clear things and those blocks start to break little jolts of energy shoot up right. Sometimes you'll feel like a wave moving up through your spine it's almost like somebody's squeezing and pulsing up what is the feeling like for you uh it's like an electrical current shooting up and down yeah that's that's again you're activating those blockages are clearing and more and more of the sacral energy is moving up through the system. So it's combination as you clear and you tap into those areas the the.

Energy starts to try and re-establish itself because that that energy flow up and down the spine is actually uh how you're supposed to be right. So it's it's the answer to your question is yes. Because. I have scoliosis and.

I wondered if that's caused a lot of blockages does it hurt you well that definitely can can if impact the energy flow. But when the energy moves is it a pleasurable experience it wasn't at. First. But.

Then. I kind of accepted it was going to happen. Okay. And it sort of became manageable because it's like it's trying to straighten me yeah yeah.

I. I'm doing some practices now and and all of a sudden. I'm. I'm dissolving into this sound and the.

Next thing. I know there's things rocketing up and down my spine sometimes they're electrical sometimes they just feel like a like you ever been in a massage chair and they just squeeze you and and that little roller moves up and down and you can feel the. Curves in your spine that's that's what it's like. So yeah um my my intuition is that an energy flow is trying to reestablish itself as you clear the things that are in the way all right.

Okay. Um. But if you if if you need if you want more work with that we can you know give you some. Qigong and some uh some sound work that might help you tap into that.

But it's only during regression usually yeah like it's 98 of the time it's a regression yeah it sounds to me like like something something's reactivating right. Especially because the energy comes from the from the base up right. Usually top down right. So you have below your feet is something called the.

Earth star basically a really big friggin chakra right. And inside of that it connects directly to your protein which connects to your sacrum which connects up your spine inside that zone are all the memories from your past lives and all the skill sets. So the reason. I'm bringing that up is because you say it only happens during regression.

So you may be doing something that's activating that energy center and it's trying to re-establish connection to your what we call your soul star which is above your head or. I could just be full of either way yeah well is there a way to do it to go into that more directly yes. Um. But there are things that.

I don't know that. I'm allowed to teach you yet um especially because there's do you have the uh the pulling down the heavens the one through ten three divine invocations. I have done that yeah all right. Um start practicing that um at least three or four times a day before you do a client do it after a client do it as a way to cleanse and.

Purge uh and. Then um we'll start looking at other things we can layer onto that. But start making it a regular practice okay. All right.

Let me see we got here any other any other things uh not really okay. Thank you helmet what do you got for me plus. I have to unmute uh. I'm very impatient because.

I think. I should make more progress. But there is one thing. I saw in in your teachings that you say before you put someone in trance you get them or let them know the reactions of the unconscious reactions six dynamics of an unconscious response if you uh if you see clients and you use trance work teaching them the six.

Dynamics is gonna make your life. So much easier and your change works. So much more effective um because those six things your your other than your your clients are absolutely going to experience and if you tell them about it before they experience it now you you seem like this omnipotent mentor and guide and they trust you if you try to tell them these things after they've had the experience now it just like it sounds like you're just trying to protect yourself or defend your your process right. Yeah and honestly the one thing that that you can take to the bank in in some cases literally is that those six.

Dynamics are 100 true yeah they are they're absolutely true and whether you're doing client work or you're doing it on yourself especially when you're doing it on yourself you need to really be zealously adherent to those those six characteristics because you're on your conscious mind and the metaphors that your neurology generates will seek to distract you from the work you're doing right. And one of the biggest problems we all have is we create a conscious expectation of how long something should take yeah right. And that's what freaks us out because hey we're trained that we have to make something happen rather than allow something to happen our conscious mind thinks it knows exactly how long the process should take because it knows everything and it doesn't right. If you're conscious again and you have to keep telling yourself this.

I have to do this to myself as long as. I've been doing this. I still have to catch myself if my conscious mind knew how to solve this problem. I wouldn't be doing this right.

Now right. And and that's the whole thing the hardest thing is to surrender to the process and just say hey it takes as long as it takes. But that's actually what gets you there faster because the faster you try to go the slower the process and you actually wind up getting more distracted. So absorption one of the things that um.

I don't usually talk about too much um we did a lot of it at the. Last hidden. Laws of. Attraction class is this idea of vibration and.

Stillness right. The real power the real change work happens in the. Stillness when you dissolve into everything and become fully absorbed in it that's when the real power comes out. So if.

I'm doing like a mantra sound um [Music]. I send out ripples right. But it's when. I become quiet together can you feel the change just from that yeah right.

That's that that. Stillness is where manifestation actually happens. So when we're doing processes on ourselves there's an active part that we do yeah and. Then there's the.

Stillness after that where we just dissolve into it and um. I. I did a special process with my students at the hidden. Laws of.

Attraction where. I just ramped their neurology up to the point where they were like flamethrowers and. Then. I just and the and the difference was like it was like holy crap right.

It was. So there's always this this interplay between vibration and. Stillness and the reason. I bring that up is because the.

Stillness part is where you start to get impatient yeah because you start you want to rush through the. Stillness part and that's what actually shortchanges you from the benefits and just like when we're when we're doing an unconscious process and we're it's process we can we we initiate this process and we're trying to hurry it along right. Like like if you ever spin something right. You take it out you spin it you put it back in and you can feel it unwinding.

But it's not fast enough you want to make it go faster that actually slows it down right. So that's my patience impatience being absorbed speech is there a specific context in which you want to be more or less impatient uh speaking with people and to make a pause speaking with people and make a pause yeah that's the point yeah the ironic part is that to the if you want to persuade people faster you actually have to go slower and one of the reasons for that is is that people make decisions based on their process yeah which is frustrating because we think aren't we we our nervous system is always projecting that they do it like we do that they they process this fast and we they simply don't and what happens is when you when you try to go faster you actually create drag it's like have you ever done any martial arts no. No. Okay.

So in arts like. Tai. Chi and. Aikido yeah there's this timing element if someone comes at me with a push or a punch right.

Yeah and. I grab that punch and. I pull it faster than it's coming at me. I create drag on that limb that actually makes the person stronger and able to resist me if a person's punching or pushing at me in a certain speed and.

I go slower. Then they're moving. I create drag and the person it's able the person's able to recover and resist me. But if the person's coming at me and.

I match perfectly the speed that they're moving they just go wherever my hand goes because they can't tell anything's changed oh yeah yeah right. This is the same idea in a conversation in an interaction people talk basically at the speed at which they process things now what you'll discover as you start working with more and more people is there are certain character certain uh populations of people that have to talk a lot before they make a decision that's part of their process right. Remember the the universal persuasion protocol know your know your outcome control your state get. Rapport use your language manage their state jump into their process some people's process is they gotta talk eighty percent of the time before they'll whip out their credit card or make a decision if you try to speed that along if you try to interrupt it they literally have to start over right.

I. I remember many times. I would get on the phone with with a potential client and. I would try to like do the.

Criterion valuation and. I couldn't get a word in. Edgemont and. I realized that they'd already made the decision to go ahead and become a customer.

I just had to let them talk through it and. So if the average conversation. I have is 10 or 15 or 20 minutes hour and 10 minutes. Later yeah.

I think. I'll do it. But. I haven't said a damn thing the entire time and it's in inside of me.

I'm going because. I'm a very fast thinker yeah it's not about me that's that's the the hardest part for us as influencers to understand if you want to get your outcomes it can't ever be about you yeah it has to be about the person in front of you or the group of people in front of you what do they want what do they need how do they know they're getting it how what is their process how long does their process take. Yeah the more rapidly you can zero in on their process the most more efficient in the entire interaction is going to be. But the moment you start overlaying your expectations onto that outcome shit's gonna go backwards yeah yeah right.

So um again. But if you do have a a big problem with impatience play with this point where you feel it uh-huh close your eyes. Point to where you feel it yeah excellent notice there's a color maybe even a series of colors connected to those feelings what color or colors would that be for you. First impression lick black that's right.

If your higher mind your autonomic nervous system could send you a. Feeling a frequency a vibration a color that would completely dissolve that impatient black energy and turn it into what you most need and want and desire instead what color of colors might it send you orange that's right. I want you to imagine a beautiful ball of that orange energy floating above your head notice how the feelings in your body shift and change is. With.

Every. Breath. You. Take and every beat of your heart that orange energy begins to grow begins to expand begins to fill the entire room from floor to ceiling from wall to wall and all points in between notice how it wraps itself around you like an amazing blanket of patience or whatever words you use to define it a cocoon a shield a suit of armor insulating you protecting you from all impatience all that black energy and kind of anything connected to it real or imagined while at the same time flooding your mind flooding your body flooding your spirit that's right.

With everything it most wants everything it most needs in an infinite ever expanding and. Unlimited. Supply when you know you've got that go ahead and breathe that amazing orange at goodness through your entire being let it fill you up like water fills up a bottle like fluid fills up a test tube like hot air helium fills up a balloon anchor it in. So fully.

So completely no. Force in the universe can turn it off or take it away not even you and when you realize it's true helmet it's locked in test it try to turn it off try to make it go away and notice what happens instead when you're when you're satisfied stop testing allow your eyes. To open notice how good you feel yeah great. Bravo my friend.

So there's there's strategic answers to the issue and there's direct intervention sir what. I call because they're tactical or surgical interventions. But one of the things that we have to remember is that it's if we when it comes to influencing people we have to blend with their process yeah and it's very easy to forget that how somebody else does it isn't how we do it and try to make them conform to us. So as.

I you know when. I wrote when. I wrote the the book. Secret orgasm tips which was all about how to make how to be the perfect lover your partners ever had one of the things.

I told. I said in that book. Was if you want things to happen faster you have to go slower uh yeah right. And this is it's the same principle you have to match the partner and that partner can be a romantic partner it can be a business partner it can be a client if you gotta mesh with their process.

So you can. So you can guide the process yeah right. Does that make sense great excellent excellent all right. Uh.

Jax you're up well what a day huh um. So. I'm totally out of battle out of balance. I've been feeling guilty about everything that's coming my way even though.

I'm not guilty of any of it at least most of it. So my question is about my throat okay. And. I'd love to know a lot more today about.

I mean. I'm listening to a lot of chakra stuff which is cool. I need that. But.

I can't seem to get my throat to clear and also. I've got a floating collarbone that gets over here and bugs my ability to talk. But not. So much that.

I really believe that it's uh energetic because. I started losing my voice when. I got with. Terry and.

I think. I've asked you about this before. But it's funny because now that. I'm trying to do something.

I'm singing. I'm trying to sing among other things even talking can be a chore because it takes. So much care to force my words out and um. I don't know how to clear it.

I don't know how to clear that chakra. I'm mine describe yourself describe your symptoms to me well one of the things. I noticed um a month ago. I landed back in the hospital my blood sugar went from normal to 500 overnight like within about two weeks and.

I don't know why exactly you know. I know. I'm at fault for some of that because. I eat the carbs and.

But. I've been backing off and doing uh 20 or less carbs. John told me about that and. I've been battling to get it down and keep it down ever since and everything else going on with my throat is.

I'm coughing um a lot a lot more than normal and it's. I can feel it all in here mm-hmm and of course the scratchy voice um. I can't keep that collarbone out of anything um. I.

I just it gets itchy it gets. I just don't want to talk some days and for me in meditation the things that. I do are very important like you know the tones the sound boy when you made that own sound my whole body just vibrated thank you for that welcome um. So that's kind of what's been going on and.

I. I don't know what to do with it okay. So is it mostly a scratchy throat or is it feel like there's something in your throat like a pit or something. I felt that.

But that's not what's happening lately um. But it's scratchy. I cough uh. I can't talk okay.

How are you sleeping like crap um it sounds to me like what you're going through is is a kind of a yin deficiency to use a. Chinese medical perspective which is almost always because of poor sleep. So one of the things. I want you to start doing is.

I want you to start um when you when you go to bed at night make sure you do the. Dallas five the pulling down the head you don't have the. Dallas five do you no. Okay.

All right. You do have six healings now though you have six healing sounds yes. You have six healing sounds yes. Okay.

So. First thing. I would do is do your pulling down the heavens you're one through ten three divine invocations and. Then ask your higher mind if your higher mind could send me a feeling of frequency of vibration that would soothe my throat and dissolve the issue what color or colors might it send me and breathe that through your throat now what.

I want you to do is. I want you to focus on clearing this clearing the liver the six healing sounds. But clearing the liver especially um the lungs and the spleen. So yeah okay.

Um spend a lot of time on those um do all through all five. But that's because what happens a lot of times is um we need to we need to cultivate water. So actually another thing we can do is. I'm trying to.

I'm trying to give you these these processes which would be covered by the. Dallas five. But we haven't done the. Dallas five with this group um.

So um. So we're gonna have to go back to to our old favorites color breathing. So if your higher mind could send you a feeling of frequency a vibration of color that would nourish all of the yin and body fluids of my spiritual energetic and physical bodies and my kidney energy what color colors would it send me now in the traditional. Dallas system that's either a very very vibrant blue dark blue or or black we don't.

I don't like to do black. I like. Blues. So.

But whatever color your neurology sends you that's what you use and you imagine your your kidneys filling up and. Then your kidney. Meridian your bladder meridians and your entire body just being saturated this nurturing nourishing vibrational field right. So you purge.

Then you bring the energy in circulate uh circulate the water energy cycle it through your microcosmic orbit this is a lot right. Cycle it through your microcosmic orbit and. Then like a snow globe that's been shaken allow the energy from your that's built up in your head to settle into your heart settle from your heart into your lower. Don.

Tien imagine you have a little drawstring that you can pull it tight bring in. Earth. Chi. Heaven.

Chi lead that energy down once again into your lower dantian seal it and do that three times and. Then go to sleep right. You can also do a gray room on your throat if you want we'll probably. I might actually have us do a group great room just.

So everybody has the the process once. I get through everybody's questions. But for you. I think my gut tells me that it's it's probably a combination of.

Plum. Pit and and. Yin deficiency because when. I when.

I would go without sleep for a long period of time. I would start to get this really scratchy irritable throat if you're not sleeping well you're probably processing a lot of stuff right. So that's where. I would start.

But the emphasis will still be on purging and clearing for whatever reason reason. I'm sleeping a lot and. I only get to sleep for a few hours in a day or night and like this morning. I think it was 4 30 or 5 o'clock and here.

I am up nine you know eight nine o'clock moving and. I'm obviously not getting a lot um. But my brain. I don't know.

I think a lot of it's blood sugar period. I've they've got me auto zenpic and lattice for insulin now well again medicines are going to do weird stuff. But if we can. Purge and regulate we can get you back on track could there be emotional stuff almost definitely emotional stuff.

So you might want to get with. SD or some of the other folks who are trained in regression and and do some uncovering work on that right. Yeah any transformational. Triad right.

So. I would definitely do that all right. Okay. Uh let's go to.

Royce or. John. I'm sorry. John you're up.

Royce is. Next. Mr. Christensen done going once.

John going twice three times the. Christensen all right. Royce you're up my friend long time no. See oh it's been too long.

David what are you doing my brother yeah in some ways uh amazing and you know everything is progressing. But uh. I'm glad you remembered the. Qigong thing.

I was wondering where are you uh what is your training on the healing sounds and all is that in like vibrational healing or what um it's really not actually uh um we just. I think we started teaching uh six healing sounds in um in the. Costa. Rica vibrational influence that we did uh.

Last was it. Last year the year before. But we haven't released that video course yet that was the longest vibrational training we've ever done and. I just did a brain dump on everything um.

But some people have the programs. I. I don't know where yeah um the own yeah um do you have seafood. Johnson's uh questions.

I have all five of his books just trying to find something in those things oh. I know. I know if you don't have the syllabi that go with it you're lost yeah. I think you did it intentionally oh.

I. I can find and access that information it's just that's exactly that's exactly the six healing sounds. I teach okay. I also do the advanced sound training that goes with it.

So awesomeness. So um you know. I uh. I've had a little bit of success with uh with the color.

I don't know what you call it other breathing what what did you say call it what it is well you know. I. I was on a a practice session with some group in this. I.

I basically did the color thing where you know it brought you know the ball of color and expanded into the room and and. I uh kind of installed it in and. Then they were just glowing afterwards and. I just yeah.

I. I brought him down and had him spin it a while and got it growing good and and they were just uh they were just amazed and. I. I'm kind of amazed you know uh my some of my struggles are uh.

I've only had an opportunity to do a very very short workshop with you live if you remember it was in icbch. I think a couple years back yeah and uh. I just struggle with learning the processes by myself on the video um which leads me leads me to a a uh one of my my questions where you went right. Here uh.

Anyway leads me to one of my oh. I know why leave me one of my questions is on the the meetups down uh in in. San. Diego what days are those it will be.

Mondays. So the big the big one is. Mondays okay. Um are you doing some on.

Saturdays at all um. I don't have any plans right. Now uh usually when. I do a meet up on a.

Saturday it's a. Martial. Arts meetup or now that we're doing a lot more my hope my whole uh population here in. Planet.

David is is making this radical shift from influence even though. I'm still teaching influence into therapy and actually moving towards energetic. So. I might start doing energetic trainings uh on weekends that are available in lieu of martial arts or are alongside martial arts generally speaking what.

I've found uh works best for people in terms of attendance is anytime you can schedule something on a on a. Monday. Tuesday you're going to get the biggest bang for your buck you start hitting. Wednesday now people got other things going on and they they have social things they do on weekends.

So um. So we do have a lot of activities like. Community stuff like. Planet.

David stuff like we have the coaching programs we have the amas are going to move to the weekends as well okay. So everything that that's not necessarily a revenue generating function we're going to move to the weekends because that's when people want to be social and work. Anyway um. So again we're redoing everything a little bit.

But like. I said. I'm literally just reactivating my. Meetup programs and honestly.

I was expecting like seven people for this one because the. Last time we ran a meet-up for. NLP power was 2017. right. I was in me.

I'm in. Meetup and. I got the notice and. I joined and.

I keep. I keep like disappointing myself because it's like wow that's you know 900 miles away aren't you in aren't you in. California. I'm in southern.

Oregon oh okay. Yeah yeah. So. I mean.

I mean. I. I got some miles. I could.

I could. I could fly out. But. I just contracted with a chiropractor.

I do massage how beautiful. I'm working. Mondays uh until six. So uh.

But. I'm gonna find a way one of these right. Well stays you know keep checking in on the amas um people are starting to ask if. I'm going to stream the meetups um.

I may do that down the line. But right. Now. I'm getting all the technology kind of sussed out um my biggest fear with with streaming the meetups is that we won't get the same number of live butts in the seats which is what made us.

So powerful in the. First place. But. I know.

I get that people want to they want to they want to attend they want to participate uh we will find a way for that to happen um. I just don't know what that looks like just yet all right. Can. I uh uh.

I got a couple more things. I'd like to ask about hi what do you got well. I'm really curious about lucid dreaming do you uh have some some uh guidance on that and unfortunately. I do not uh ironically.

I do have sifu. Johnson's uh training on. Dream. Magic and soul projection.

But. I haven't actually started practicing it yet. So. I.

I won't teach something. I'm not actually doing okay. All right. Uh if you if you run into uh there's a gentleman his name's uh.

John. Campbell he comes in on the masterminds pretty frequently he is an expert in lucid dreaming okay. You run it into. John you pick his brain to your heart's content about how he does it and stuff like that all right.

And. I have uh. I have issues with my health as well okay. What's going on well similar to.

Jax. I'm dealing with uh uh blood pressure and blood sugar things and the odd thing is. So like. I would.

I really think because. I was taking some medication for it and the. Medicaid stopped working. So.

I think there's something inside of me in my unconscious mind some pattern or something that. I've generated that is keeping me in in a state of high blood pressure high blood sugar um and overweight and. I need to kick this thing in the butt and. I don't want to take medication okay.

Um [Music]. I'm. I'm a firm believer that you know our uh our realities are we we've created them okay. And.

I. I want to uncreate that thing and create that okay. Create something uncreative all right. What else is is there anything else that's uh that's pretty much well uh.

I uh again. I'm having a hard time. I've got a lot of your programs. But.

I'm uh. I. I'm stuck on video day one video three on identity and identity by. Design because.

I really want to learn it and. I'm not in a live situation it would be we would be practicing in three different roles three different times right. And. I don't have that and it's it's like taking me forever to to learn it are we focusing on um are we focused day one video three would be great room no.

Uh that was that was uh. So that uh. I did. I have started practicing the the color thing.

I think the pictures the color yeah okay. So you're doing magic frame and color breathing and spinning yeah. I yeah. I think that's pretty much where it at and.

I just need a lot more practice that's on the menu for today you're about to get a whole mouthful yeah. I just. I want you know. I'm a master in a lot of things.

But. I want to master your stuff right. Well and all you gotta do is keep showing up yeah all right. All right.

Um let me get through everybody else's stuff we'll create the lesson plan and we'll spend the rest of the day. Drilling and. Skilling. So.

Tyrus what do you got for me hello hello. Dr. D right. Simple simple like thing for me today is like more grid work now specifically um when.

I see myself or like when. I'm at public places or when. I'm talking with people in a public context. I want to find ways to like use my hands just like sometimes how you like talk and like probably eventually intentionally as.

I'm talking. I'm like once they're projecting. I'm not sure what the right. Word is.

But like you know use my body mode to play with my pictures in my. States and. Then give words uh what. I want to people.

I'm talking instead of just like nodding and echoing and not just shooting that much you want to play with people's pictures is what you're doing uh yeah. I guess. So yeah we call that analog marking or proxemic influence okay. Um it's a little bit more advanced a little bit more invasive.

But it's actually if you if you're if you normally gesture a lot. Anyway it's actually pretty easy to do. So and pictures okay. Kim what do you got for me.

Kim. Rios talk to me. Kim going once. I know you're here.

Kim going twice all right. We'll. Circle back uh let's see uh. SD hi.

David hey um you know. I'm really happy that you talked a little bit about the six dynamics of the unconscious mind and. I've been um looking into that lately more and more and trying to find the source of that where did that come from. I want to do some more reading on it uh honestly it comes from me oh it does okay.

One of the few things. I've actually come up with on my own um well thank you thank you yes. I. I very much enjoy uh bringing that up with people as well and and um.

I highly encourage any of us to um bring that up with our clients like you said um and even when we're doing one-to-one work with each other just giving us each other the reminder of how to listen to the unconscious mind um. So uh yeah. I think you just answered my question right. There.

I'm enjoying what you've been talking about. So far and as usual um things fit together very well in. The. Mastermind.

So that even if you come in without a question your questions are answered you know what's funny is that's when. I actually tell people that it that that's. I feel embarrassed to say that because. I'm.

So used to telling you. I got it from this book. And. I got it from that book.

And. I got it no. That one that one's mine uh. But well that's a good thing to uh get over.

So you might want a magic frame that or something yeah. I have to point to where. I feel that exactly all right. That's all we want is me more humble right.

Yeah yeah exactly well humble it fits in very well all right. Thank you you're welcome. Kavita talk to me hello. Dr.

David hello. I'm sorry uh yeah. I'm not timing. But.

I'm in the car. So you might hear some uh ambient noises and all that um the thing was. I had a very uh challenging. Last week uh.

I was uh diagnosed with the slipped disc and having a severe pain actually. I was hospitalized and most of my time in my hospital was spent listening to all your past masterminds okay. So. I did a lot of the meditations and lot of the techniques that uh that were you know that you were guiding through and all that uh it's had helped me a lot.

But uh what. I wanted to ask you was what what can. I do. So that.

I get out of this situation uh real fast. So that. I can get back to things all right. I have a story for you that.

I think might be very useful um let me get through everybody else's stuff. I'll tell my story because. I think. I see where we're going today uh the the trajectory starting to gel and uh everything it will all be relevant.

I. I there was actually um a time where. I wound up with three herniated discs um and. I kept re-injuring that was stupid and my uh my regular techniques weren't working and.

So um. I was uh actually had to go do a. Meetup and. I was panicking because it took.

Me 45 minutes to walk across the street to get into my car and. I had no. Idea how. I was going to teach a three or four hour meet up um because.

I could barely move and while. I was driving to my clinic to get my equipment. I got this download and um on what to do instead and. I was literally parked at a stoplight.

I did the download. I did the download. I got and by the time. I got the four or five blocks from the stoplight to my clinic eighty percent of my back pain was gone and it just kept going away wow throughout the course of the night.

So. I don't you know. I can't say that that's going to work for you. But it's it's interesting that that um the system is very flexible.

So you you can play with different aspects of it until you find the combination that works with you and. I'll give you that tweak um as we go through the training process today okay. Okay. And.

I want to make sure you're not driving while we're doing these things that will be really helpful. I'm not driving another 15 minutes. So. I'll get back through my laptop yeah excellent excellent.

Theresa you're up yeah. Teresa. I'm here sorry. I just had.

I had it um. So. I feel like. I've just have.

So. So. So much that. I don't know and.

I feel overwhelmed like is there like if you got any advice on like how to. I don't know what am. I supposed to do there's just like all this stuff like. I feel really overwhelmed with all the things that.

I don't know and how am. I supposed to take this stuff in and like. I feel like. I get like this analysis paralysis yeah well you've jumped in no.

To nothing you've jumped into some very deep pools and you're desperately trying to catch up and you're trying to go faster than your neurology can assimilate. So. I'm going to go back to what. I always tell people whether it's my stuff or other people's stuff fastest way to learn nothing is to try to learn everything right.

You want to get powerful you want to progress start with the stuff that's fun that's easy and works for you right. Not the stuff that other people make work for you right. Start with the things that are simple easy fun effective because if it's not simple and easy and it's not fun you're not going to do it right. It's even like to like if.

I'm in school and. I have a lot of workload like how like what's a. I just don't know where to start to like yeah. I know what you need what's the priority okay.

One of the things that when. I was when. I was training with uh. Lisa sasovich.

So many of her students and there were hundreds of them were all in some some degree or some stage of overwhelm and they were all looking for time management this and prioritizing that and everybody was asking. Lisa how do you do it all and she said she sits at her desk and she goes and she asked herself one question what do. I need to do right. Now what do.

I need to do right. Now and she just does it and. Then she asks again what do. I need to do right.

Now right. Uh my wife. God bless her she would spend eight hours organizing and. Then wonder why she ran out of time in a 10-hour day to get it all done right.

I'm very. I'm very much ready fire aim kind of a person. I. But.

I immerse myself in things and. So when. I'm in front of people this stuff comes out in whatever form it needs to that's why every time you come to one of my trainings it's the same material. But it's different material because it's based on who's in front of me.

But a lot of it when it comes to my day-to-day work activities or my day-to-day duties. I sit at my desk and. I say okay. What do.

I need to do now what needs to happen right. Now and. I do that and. Then.

I sit and. I ask the same question what do. I need to do right. Now right.

And that has worked for me right. But if you're if you're if you're if you've got a gazillion you know if you've got 50 things to do in a day that only suits 20 you're going to have to prioritize. So what's imminent and. Urgent what it's what has to be done get that out of the way okay.

What's important. But not urgent do that. Next right. What's just what can you blow off right.

And that's how. I do it if it's not if it's not something that's again from the businessman's perspective it's not only generating revenue for me today if it's not taking care of me immediately now it goes to the back of the line right. Because that's how. I roll right.

Um when. I'm when. I'm doing business coaching with my. Megas and uh like a lot of them are really successful in certain areas.

But they have priority problems too and they they they they try to balance long-term profit strategies with short-term profit strategies. I say. I actually this is how. I built my business and it's actually something.

I'm going back to what do. I need to do to generate. Revenue today not tomorrow not. Next week not six months from now what do.

I need to do to generate. Revenue today right. Remember when you hear me joke impatience is my superpower right. This is how it works for me what do.

I need to get. I'm in pain right. Now what do. I need to do to get rid of my pain now that's that won't that that isn't harmony with my values and that's what.

I do right. If. I need help. I ask for help um if.

I can. Outsource it and have other people handle it. I do that if it's cost effective for me to do that right. But again my my basic premise is what's urgent and important and takes care of me because it's not taking care of me.

I don't need to take care of it does that make sense yeah that's that's literally how. I prioritize. I take care of the things that take care of me believe it or not you guys take care of me. So you're one of my priorities.

I take care of you guys right. But. I'm always thinking okay. What needs to happen now what do.

I need to do now what do. I and. Then what's. Next.

But. I don't go beyond what now what's. Next because the moment. I start saying what's after that what's after now.

I'm in the planning stages and now. I'm on a hamster wheel. I'm not taking actions all right. Does that answer your question yeah it gives a little bit of a.

I just need to sit down again and prioritize. I just feel like even with that it's just holy again. I know some of the things you're doing. But the one of the problems that we have as humans is we get hooked on that dopamine.

Rush every time we learn something new and we want to do those things because we want the rewards. But it tends to pull us away from the day-to-day activities that actually help us survive right. And that's the problem. But you have to remember like like sifu said to you and and.

I said the other day you have to learn to live in both worlds and regardless of what your spiritual orientation is you chose to come here to do. So you need to do everything you can to be effective here which means taking care of the meat taking care of the money taking care of the vehicles right. That mundane has to actually come it's almost. First.

So that you can stay here and do the other stuff until you reach a point of. Evolution where the universe is just sending stuff your way right. But for most of us we're not there yet right. And because of all the practices you're doing you're going to feel like a walking apology eighty percent of the time.

I've been crying every day at least once twice every day you still got to get up and pay the bills [Laughter] me too right. I had a major meltdown on uh the night of the. Second night of my hidden. Laws of.

Attraction training all the stuff. I've been doing just came to this massive eruption. I still had to get up and teach the. Next day you know what control your state get report and go to work right.

That's just how it is. I don't make the rules. I just exploit. I mean.

I just report them foreign let's see here uh. Peter. Peter. Chang oh.

I got people in the waiting room. Pete are you with us. Peter going once. Peter going twice three times a.

Peter don't say it some of you are thinking it uh it was. Stacy and. Carlos all right. Uh let's see here shaduja hi hey um when did you change your name young lady ah it's just more for internet and marketing you know change of purging comes and.

Then the name change comes all right. You still can call me dunk. I'll call you whatever you want me to sweetie. I don't know.

David freaking miracle all right. Physical health money sadness depression lack of. Joy on a daily basis and tons of clearing and healing. I've done mushroom ceremony literally a week ago which was good and like even today.

I feel again some kind of sadness which and just meh and. I feel like maybe it's not maybe. I'm just picking up from my environment. But the problem is that if.

I am picking it up on like all the time. Then it's like. I'm all the time miserable. So something is not working okay.

Well one of the things that that uh we don't offer people often don't tell us is that the more time we spend clearing the more comes up well the more comes out. But honestly the more sense you can come to the in our environment and other people's. So one of the things that. Mystics have to learn how to do as they continue to become because that's what you're training to do you're training to become more and more energetically sensitive most people don't realize that you're training to feel as sifu says the micro pulsations of the earth and the energy around you which is.

So you need to learn how to develop. Street armor right. And and and and learn how not to ingest other people's right. Yeah.

I've been trying for a long time and there's been the it's been a struggle and. I think part of my really difficult situation is because. I've been absorbing. So much that.

I've been struggling to get out of bed because yeah by the time. I realized oh maybe it's not even. Me. Maybe.

I need to clear or whatever and. I do some magic. I'm like five minutes and. I'm up it just takes me a long time to to get to that stage because.

I get for example during the night. I get swamped swamped yeah okay. Um and this just popped into my let me ask you a question are you clearing your environment are you clearing your room and creating sanctuaries and and barriers. So that she can't come in and feed on you at night attributes by they're not strong enough or not doesn't.

Last long enough it's. I'll see what we can do for that yeah yeah um anything else oh just yeah some kind of a miracle to be able to get have some consistent some kind of period of peaceful quiet where. I can work on stuff and you know stuff like marketing and earn some money okay. I'll add that to the to-do list and we'll do something that's the.

Miracles list well we'll do what we can right. Again. I'm not there. I don't.

I don't have time you know. I can't do a session full sessions with you like sure. But um we'll do some group work together we'll see what we can do anything that can make you say you know dealing with the energies around could be helpful yep yep um what. I may do is uh.

I may do this. I may do some. Street. Armor training for you guys once we do the other clearing stuff see for those of you who are involved in any form of energetics remember something the more energetic purging and purification and building you do the brighter you glow the brighter you glow right.

And if you don't have ways to contain that energy and and shield yourself you become a food source for anything that likes to eat light or energy right. Right. We call the. Buddhists call those people live bait because they have all they have all this energy uh.

But no. Clue about that they have all this energy or much less how to keep people from feeding off of it right. And. So one of the top one of the things that happens a lot of times is you begin to do purging work on you and whether you believe in whether you're a spiritual person or not one of the things that's going to happen is you continue to work on your stuff people that have been around you all your life aren't going to change not because they're changing.

But because you're changing and the refraction and the energetic relationship that you have with them is going to change and one of the things that's happened a lot is that again. I'm talking editorially. But again this relates to whoever whoever needs to hear this is going to hear it um what's going to happen is when when people are around your new vibration they have basically two choices they can either change or leave. But sometimes the way they leave is by turning the part of them that's trying to try turning the thing that's trying to make them change into the enemy oh yes.

Okay. Now here's here's the thing that both sucks and is comforting at the same time that never changes okay. That never changes here's what. I mean by that if you're on an evolutionary path if you're working on yourself your vibrational signature your sense of possibility your sense of entitlement your sense of deservingness all these things are going to continue to change as those things change people will either resonate with that or they won't if they resonate they'll stay if they don't resonate they will try to it's like the crab trying to pull the crab that's escaping back into the bucket they'll try to pull you back down or they will try to vilify you and.

Then they'll leave oh yeah all right. That's actually a normal process the problem we have is we don't understand that and. So we create a negative narrative about ourselves around it remember. I don't you weren't.

I don't think you were here or you're at the beginning of uh the. Meetup when. I said it's the meetings we assign to things that define the. Consciousness we live at all right.

Watch the beginning watch the beginning of the video. I spent a lot of time talking about the meanings of the assigned to data points in our environment. But one of the things that you need to understand is that people are leaving not because you're a bad person. But because they're no.

Longer you're no. Longer a fit for their life you're no. Longer a fit for the box they've put you in and. So it would be just nice if.

I wasn't for example physically assaulted or well that's a. Wilder. Department again. I understand that and.

I'm sorry that those things happen to you uh maybe there's maybe there's some other resources we need to get you aside from these understandings maybe you need to maybe carry a taser or you know uh work on martial arts training or other things right. Because this is something that one very much that's that that aspect of it by the physicality aspect is something we very much do emphasize see that behind me there right. That's the self-defense super that's coming up in. October.

So you guys wish. I could be there. I wish you could too because. I think you would be really good at it um.

But those are things that you you need to those are resources if you don't have them and you need them right. Because we can be as as mentally tough as as we want. But if we can't physically enforce our boundaries or defend them. Then it's it doesn't help us being mentally resilient right.

It's it we have to have the ability and the willingness to push back and fight back and say no. I'm not going to let you do that you know um and some people they'll just keep relying on their guardian angels and their guardian angel will only protect you on certain things if there are certain things that are necessary for you to grow and learn it's going to happen right. So that may not be the most popular thing. I've said today.

But. But it is the truth right. It's not our fault many times the that happens to us it's not our fault. But it is our responsibility for cleaning that up right.

I'm no. Different than anybody else on this call. I have to clean my up. I have to be responsible for the results.

I've helped create because nobody's gonna do it for me right. So. I think this is my my upset and sort of thoughts from the. Last several years that having gone through a lot of trauma and development trauma like probably a lot of us right.

And. Then in adult life dealing with the outcomes of that and and the sickness and whatever and. Then having to go through the severe healings it's. I guess it's upsetting that the healing itself is one thing.

But resources to be able to continue doing that and to continue facing the the consequences of someone else's. Behavior um that takes a lot of resources um while the paper. Trader walks away and probably doesn't even have sometimes maybe even doesn't have. Second thoughts of what the impact that they had on the live yeah and the people out there who.

Target kind compassionate caring people because they're easy prey yeah yeah all right. So let me see what we can do about getting you back on track kiddo. Shannon how about you what do you got for me hey um. I just moved my screen.

So. I don't know can you hear me. I can hear you okay. Excellent um.

I don't know. I'm just excited to be back. I kind of got depressed when. I couldn't go to.

Costa. Rica because um it took. Me too long to get my passport right. Um and.

I got in the funk. But. Then. I was at.

Wawa the other day and they were playing. Hooked on a. Feeling and. I was like.

God. I miss. David. So much welcome back my friend.

I saw the thing today and was like yeah. I need to get back in and you know. I've been seeing people because. I do hypnosis with my patients in my office because.

I do chronic pain management. So. I've been doing that. But.

I just. I feel like coming into these. Meetup things is soul nurturing good. I'm glad you know my job here on these things is to help you develop your skills.

But sometimes you know there's only. So much that. I can do. I can't as much as.

I would love to reach through the through the video and and and wave my hand and everything is good. I can only point you in the direction of where to go you guys have to take those steps because you want it not because. David says. So you know um the martial arts class is that.

October of this year. I thought it was. October of. Next year it's.

October of this year and we'll probably be we do it every. October we've been doing it pretty much since 2019. oh sweet. I want to go to that all right. Um if people want.

I will post the link uh. So people can get and what. I'll do is um um. I might get.

I may see. I may maybe. I'll put a coupon code you guys can get a little bit of a discount for those of you who want to enroll while we're on today. But we're here till six just in case you guys are wondering uh.

So if you need to go and come back. But uh all right. So. Shannon did you have anything in particular you wanted to work on today um no.

Not really. I. I'm willing to go with the flow okay. Cool.

Mr. Matt what do you got for me yes. Sir. I oh how you doing today.

David getting better all the time good man good yeah. I'm out here living the dream with the kids at the park man. So cool oh yeah um. I'll pop in and out as.

I can. I have a few specific questions. I'm all about the energetics. I would love to hear a little bit about how to use that that kind of energetic stuff to help me convert.

I'm having a little bit of trouble getting the clients in um the. Meetup group is going great it's growing uh. Robert and. I have a seminar.

Next month a four hour seminar you know. So it's things are happening good. But just keep going seriously it's when when you're starting this especially if you're using the. Meetup model that.

I teach it's gonna be slow okay. But you got to be methodical it's the long game. But you start getting momentum and you start putting putting out your content and people find you and they resonate with you and. Then they look.

For you on. Facebook. And. Then they start calling you and that's that.

But you got to feed the beast right. You guys have been doing meetups for a while now and you're starting to see traction. I'm guessing right. Yeah we're getting we're getting about 10. good for the zoo yeah and we're met there were many years where there was four people in the room one was me one was the cameraman and two four guys who were gonna on.

Kaiser gals who were gonna get. Whammy right. You just got to keep going you know whoever's there is supposed to be there right. But take that content put it out and and share it with people and the people who need you will find you you just gotta trust the process that's the process got it cool um also.

I'm finding myself uh kind of playing with my own like kind of spiritual uh ritual kind of my morning routine kind of thing and. I'm thinking. Qigong is kind of kind of drawing me that direction and. I'm wondering what what could.

I have like what's. Next. So. I just need to throw some ape brocade in there every day or um depending on what your resources are and what your times are.

Brooke. April cage and six healing sounds are probably really good um if you can learn the. Dallas five that's kind of our standard routine that we teach or that we practice um you have the pulling down the heavens one through ten and three. Divine invocations yes.

Yeah that's what. I start with yep okay. Keep doing that do it a lot do it before every client do it after every client um do it in the morning when you get up. Do.

It um before a nap do it after a nap do it before you go to bed uh just that set of processes right. There will start to to evolve you and. Purge you and clear you okay. Yeah definitely getting that definitely it's been really it's been an interesting couple of weeks um you're gonna six healing sounds would be the.

Next thing for you which is still purging and. Then focus on the apricades okay. Got it thank you sir oh just and just one more uh quick question for you uh as. I'm playing a little bit more with the on the erotic side um what are what are my responsibilities is that like a universal kind of responsibility or is it personal morals like how do you what's the contest what's the context in which you're uh you're doing this well if you can make somebody feel really really good completely fulfilled there there becomes an urge to kind of do whatever you want and it's like well.

Then. I start to explore what what do. I really want yeah the question becomes not what you want whether they want right. When you're doing when you're doing.

Erotic. Hypnosis or sensuality enhancement remember the goal is never enslavement unless that's part of their fantasy okay. Goal is always what is going to give them the greatest degree of pleasure and fulfillment. First okay.

Is the more fulfilled a person a partner is the more willing they are to engage in the things you want the problem that we talk when. I teach people about fantasies and and teaching about women's fantasies versus men fantasies is that the problem is is that men are focused on giving the women the fantasy they want to have rather than the fantasy they want the woman wants to have and and it's oh you've always got to put your partner. First right. Okay.

And you really need to and again if you're going to continue to play in those areas you really need to sit down and have a rules discussion about you know what do they want what they don't want what are their boundaries what are their their sensitivities you need to know all that because again it's about creating safety it's about connection and intimacy and pleasure ultimately. But there's a tendency for people to get. So involved in that process. So charged up energetically um with what they want that they stop paying attention to what's happening with their partner okay.

Right. So context is really important. But rules rules are are going to be true no. Matter what the context is okay.

Understood thank you um let's go to. Drea hi. David how are you good how are you. I'm good.

I'm cooking. So. I'm in the middle of cooking. I'm making love.

Jamaican food [Music] um um my question is in terms of energetic in the spirituality and the practices um using it on other people in the in the sense of let's say. I have an abusive heart and. I want that person to change what is the. LIE because it starts to feel like manipulation because.

I. I want the person to be the way. I want them. I want them to show up the way.

I want them to. I want them to be healed you know to be healed to be a better partner you know or parent or friends or. God you know any contest when does it cross the line of manipulation when. I'm working on someone other than myself and they don't know mm-hmm the line becomes when you start when you start impacting or or limiting a person's free will it really comes down to that the seek one of the one of the hardest lessons for all of us and and trust me.

I got into persuasion influence because there were people treating me like that. I wanted to treat me good period. And. I started when.

I was yay high and you know and the problem that we. First of all let me let me give you my boundaries and. Then we'll talk about the spiritual aspect of this persuasion influence manipulation are all very very similar my lines are very very simple manipulation begins where coercion starts manipulation begins where deception starts manipulation begins where. I.

I begin to uh get take away a person's freedom of choice in any way shape or form for or or. I mean let me let me let me clarify anymore deception coercion and uh leaving the person in a less empowered. State than. I found them right.

I'm intentionally doing any of those things. I am no. Longer engaging in. Persuasion or influence.

I'm engaging in manipulation and to me that is um that it is just not necessary in my world now in some some systems that's the norm because you're you're it's war crimes and and counter-espionage and you have to seduce people into betraying their countries that's not our system we can do those things. But we don't need to because we're all about long-term win-win chain uh. Transformations without ever having to lie coerce or what have you. But there are forms of manipulation and forms of influence that um that is their emphasis that is their goal.

So that's where. I draw my lines right. Am. I leaving the person better off than.

I found them am. I taking away any am. I coercing them in any way am. I deceiving them if any of if.

I check any of those boxes. I pull back. I don't do it right. Um the.

Next piece that that sometimes comes up and this is a little bit more subjective is how do. I feel about myself when. I'm doing this do. I feel like.

I'm actually moving everybody forward or like. I'm taking something from somebody and and doesn't make me feel bad about me those are my guidelines right. Because. I have to live with me right.

And. So those are that's how. I check in now when we're talking about energetics and spirituality they're two different things they're interconnected. But they're not the same there are lots of ways to overshadow people pull energy out of their you know from their head and and give them the.

Innova and make it harder for them to process and make them more suggestible energetically there's lots of ways to do that should we be doing it probably not right. Um the hardest part from a spiritual perspective and knowing how to do these things is that we have to honor that this person that we're look. That's in front of us isn't their body they're a soul and we as spiritually evolving people one of the hardest things we have to do is learn to accept people the way they are not the way we want them to be now does that mean we we allow ourselves to get beat up or treated badly no. Foreign we have to decide where our lines are what we're willing to accept.

But we're willing to not accept what we're willing to to express to the people who are. Maybe unconsciously violating those boundaries and. Then when they in and give them the uh the the overt understanding that what they're doing is not cool is not good with us and would they be willing to change that if they do. Then we've done we've done what we needed to do because a lot of times we we keep hoping that the person through our subtle body languages and our our inferences and things of that nature will get the message and change and they won't it's not blatant enough.

So we have to. Define for ourselves what our boundaries are what our rules are we have to communicate those to the person involved hopefully in a way that they can accept assimilate and actually change. But if they're not willing to do that we have to do one of several things we either have to leave and find somebody that's a better fit which is hard even though it's the right. Thing to do or we start to change ourself.

So that the person we're interacting with changes to one of the things. I learned when. I was studying. Kabbalah was that what most people try to do is they they learn these kabbalistic techniques to go out and manifest and change the world and they try to change this person and that person and this person that person and my teachers at that time told me that that's actually the hardest way to change anything.

So if you want to change your world change you because you're the center of your universe and if you understand. Third grade physics it actually makes perfect sense because if you ask anybody a. Third grade physics teacher where is the easiest place to move anything they'll tell you it's the center of gravity well the center of gravity in your world is you it's your soul it's your spirit. So if you start to change you and work on your stuff because remember the partners in our life whether we want to accept it or not the partners in our life are reflecting back to us things in within ourselves that we need to work on and.

So many times when you clear those things up within yourself the partner stuff starts to resolve one way or another they either decide to leave or they spontaneously change are there techniques that we can covertly go in and implant suggestions and things of that nature 100 percent should we be using specific communication techniques to enhance our communication and relationships absolutely. But at the end of the day are you coercing are you leaving them better off than you found them um are you taking away um are you deceiving them those are the things that that. I check in with does that help yeah yeah because that has been um that has been coming up a lot more for me and in some cases it's easy to see and some groups you'll have people that want to um and. Put a.

Spell on them is not the right. Word. But kind of use a technique to have someone fall in love with them let's say foreign [Music] okay. And.

But. Then when. I look. Into more into personal relationships like family um or your partner and.

I've done this in the past where at the time. I knew. EFT and. I would do you know uh surrogates tapping on my partner to try to shift him and now.

I'm going. I don't know about that anymore right. But. I hear this come up a lot especially in relationships that tend to be toxic we want the other person to change very common we don't have to work of having strong boundaries yes.

So we'll go in to kind of change that person. But. I'm questioning that too because like you said the person that needs to change is me correct. I can't they they have free will and they have a choice the way they show up and because.

I don't like the way they show up does that mean. I have the the permission to try to influence them energetically to show up the way. I want them to show up yeah it's one of the things that's really powerful in the spiritual world is the permission aspect of it if you can get permission anything else if you can if you can get permission anything energetically that you do will have probably 10 times the impact. But you you brought up the right.

Points is is this you know this person is who they are choosing to be if. I've expressed my needs and my desires and what. I want and they're unwilling to do that that's that's that's it that's that's where you draw the line and now you have to decide what's right. For you do you do you do you deserve to stay in that relationship and not be happy and potentially block the space for somebody who's a better fit for him and for you by maintaining and holding on to that relationship or is the smart thing the better thing the healthier thing for you to realize that this person isn't maybe they were maybe they were a match when you.

First got together. But because you've grown and developed yourself it's time to to shift and transform when. I was talking to shaduja it was the same it's the same formula and. I've said.

I've mentioned this several times in this training as you evolve the people around you are going to constantly be brought to decision points because you're changing and you're growing and you're evolving the vibrational frequency that you're emanating becomes either more uh pleasurable or or or more irritating and it will bring out these frictions and you either have to level up or get pulled back down which if you're if you're working on really leveling yourself out getting pulled back down to that vibration is like nails on a. Blackboard it's just you can't you can't be comfortable there and we have to learn to let go which is the biggest problem every single one of us has is we want we want new stuff. But we don't want to give up our old stuff. But nothing's free right.

You want the newer level you've got to let go of the old stuff right. And and that's that's the hardest part you know when. I was teaching back in my early. Meetup days right.

I would teach romance seminars and. I'm going to talk about the whole techniques for a romance thing in a minute. I would teach romance seminars and. I would teach relationship seminars um and most of the people who showed up actually it was pretty 50 50.

But there was an interesting. Dynamic which. I'll talk about. Later.

But the women would come up to me especially after the training and they would say to me. David. I don't understand. I go to seminar after seminar after seminar and he still won't change right.

Women tend to ask for help more than men do. But they go to seminar after seven after seven are hoping their partner will become different somehow. But that's not how it worked right. So if the partner is not willing to come to these things with you and do the work alongside of you at some point there's going to be a vision right.

Now in terms of technique. I struggled with this for a long time if. I know how to make somebody fall in love with me right. If.

I have a formula or a set of techniques that can do that should. I use them and and. I struggled with it for a long time and. Then a metaphor popped into my head that really kind of um gave me clarity you see there's a there's a a um a thought virus that we have that if something's not natural or if anything's engineered it's not real right.

That's what we see well if. I have to do all these things to make this happen it can't possibly be real well that's like saying in order for me to buy a cake it has to just magically appear with all the ingredients all the ingredients have to jump up and magically uh jump into the poll and pop into the oven for it to be a real cake right. If there's a recipe for getting a result that's honest integral and moves the relationship forward in a way that it's a win-win for both parties. Then you're actually being a jerk for not doing them right.

Just look. With. Echo technique think about it for a moment if you knew beyond a shadow of a doubt the most desirable gratifying pleasurable way to communicate with another human being without fail and you deliberately chose not to do it who's the jerk now the question becomes what's your outcome is the person that you're going to employ these techniques with are they a fit do they check the boxes right. This is why we teach three magic questions and all these other sorting tools because.

I don't want you doing powerful techniques from generating intense emotional feelings on somebody who's going to wind up being a stalker or abusive or you know you love to go do spiritual things and and meditate and and go on. Retreats and do yoga and they're out at the hockey game and there's nothing wrong with hockey games right. Right. Is what your business here's the thing you got to understand is you can you can make anyone fall in love with you.

I truly believe that if you're willing to work hard enough and long enough the problem is. However long and hard you have to work to get to that place that's how much harder you're going to have to work to stay there. So one of my one of my colleagues in in the coaching space. Annie.

Lala likes used to say relationships that work tend to work from the start why because their values overlap their rules overlap the things they love to do overlap and as long as there that those things are there that relationship can grow that doesn't mean they have to be carbon copies of each other. But there has to be enough commonality there that the differences are exciting without being as terrifying or uncomfortable. So it's not about whether you should do these things or not it's about who you should do them with that becomes the question does that make sense okay. And one more question um and it's in regards to toxic positivity they are and.

I find that trying to work with people who practices or do this um it's hard because you're asking people to you know address. The. Shadow address the. Pain address the negativity you know see the reality you know be honest and not done toxic positivity in a way.

So and. I think it's. So ingrained that sometimes you know you will get the fight out of people when you try to you know bring reality to them right. So how do you deal with that because you know.

I think in the beginning of my journey yeah you know you know everything's rainbows and sunshines and you know fairy dust and all that stuff. But that's not the reality of life oh. God no. And it's just when.

I'm trying to you know when people want to do especially with when. I'm trying to deal with trauma or you know pain body whatever it is there is something that's attacked there. But how it's hard when the person just does not want to go you know because it's negative for them. So how do you get around that address it or do you leave alone like how do you address that because the.

First thing that has to happen is you have to unders you have to make a distinction between who are the religious people who are the spiritual people and who's just doing their time what are they what are they engaging in spiritual practices for how judgy are they right. Are they using their spirituality as a way to look. To to raise themselves above everybody else and look. Down and judge people right.

These aren't people that are actually doing the work of spirituality they're just punching a clock and going and engaging in the forms okay. Are they are the people who claim to be spiritual are they actually working on their stuff are they just blaming everybody right. Because blame is just denial okay. Right.

Blame is what we do when we don't want to change right. Poster child right. Here right. Blame is what we do when we don't want to change that's that's the the what we call the soul extension saying.

I have rights. I'm a victim this should be fixed no. You aren't a victim and if you were a victim. So is everybody else we're all we're all suffering we're all we all have trauma we actually create our friendships through shared traumatic experiences.

So what is the behavior they're generating are they constantly blaming they're in denial they're in unders. But understand they're in pain they may not you know they're they're suffering um the way it was explained to me a lot of times is when you do you yell and. Shout at a blind person because they're blind right. Let's talk at a house right.

If somebody's in that blame mode or that. I'm more spiritual than you mode they're they're operating from a place of pain and suffering and hurt and they're they're doing anything they can to fill that hole. But that's not maybe. I didn't explain it correctly.

I'm not saying that the person is blaming. I'm saying the person does not want to deal with anything negative in terms of denial you know right. Everything you know it's just. Somali.

States on everything you know you know everything's rainbow and sunshine and like life is not like that yeah yeah the hardest part to do how do you well again what's the relationship that you have with them my my way of dealing with it is. I try to guess. I try to gauge how willing they are to change um right. And if it if it seems like they on the truth is is most people don't change until they've suffered in.

Austria and the hardest part when you have tools that can help people and you and you're operating from a. I. I hate to even say it in a more enlightened perspective is letting them stew in their own juices [Music] because until they break until until that toxicity that they're denying reaches a critical mass and they're forced to break open and deal with it they won't and they won't love you very much for for putting them in that position if that makes any kind of sense um and. So a lot of times it's like you know.

I'm. So sorry this happened to you and you know. I hope that things work out for you and and you just go and focus on the people who buy their actions and their words demonstrate a desire for healing that you can facilitate as a therapist one of the hardest things for me knowing. I could knowing in my heart of hearts that.

I had tools that could help pretty much anybody who walked into that door and sitting in front of a human being who in spite of everything. I knew how to do was not willing to let me do it right. Because they're in denial it's like a person who thinks they had a wonderful childhood and. Then when you start to talk to them and you start to hear the stories you're like you know in my head at least.

I'm like dude oh my. God. But to them they had a perfectly normal wonderful childhood yeah. I got you this is where it goes back to that influence technique.

I'm always saying always be tested it doesn't matter if it's romance doesn't matter if it's spiritual healing mental healing emotional healing we're always testing to make sure the person in front of us is actually congruent with their desires they say they want help. But they've been through 57 therapists right. And they're they're actually more identified with their problem than they are with the possibility that that's something they just made up right. There's there's always we're always vying for ways to to make ourselves feel better without actually having to rush into the burning building that everybody's running out of.

But that's what spirituality is spiritual growth is all about running into the things that make you want to run away to find out who you really are on the other side. But most people aren't they're they're they're they're they're they're they're they're they're indoctrinated into this belief um that if. I just focus on all the good things the doesn't matter right. And.

I mean if. I had a dollar for every time. I got someone in my chair regress them to cause to the situation and the. First thing out of their mouth was.

But. I forgave them for that no. No. You didn't exactly you wouldn't be having this conversation right.

But most people unfortunately are astonishingly unaware of their own patterns patterns that are blatantly obvious to you and me and people who are doing this work becomes much more obvious and you start to flag those people early on you see what's what level they're at and. Then you have to choose do you want to go and intervene and and fight an uphill battle or do you want to work with the people who are ready gotcha that's the hardest part to watch people go who are obviously suffering knowing you could help them. But they're not ready right. Yeah okay.

Thank you. Namaste namaste uh. Bruce what do you got dude how's it going good okay. So uh a couple few things.

I have today um. First. I want to um follow up with um comments you made in ama back in. June and uh unfortunately uh we haven't met since.

Then. So. I uh haven't been able to mention it until now doing um and um. I asked a bunch of a group that does that you were actually a little bit skittish about acknowledging that whatever you saw on.

I think it was either. Jupiter or more or um in. Saturn it was my other. Jupiter actually yeah it was actually a super there's a there's a whole.

Legion of people around the globe that do this and there's an app called cd5 and there's been. I think about four documentaries by. Dr. Stephen.

Greer in connection with this um it sort of isn't a secret it is because special interests try and suppress advanced technology and we're living in a paradigm of of. Technology from the 19th century and most of uh most of like the. Jets um at petroleum all all. Antiquated all.

Antiquated technology. Anyway. I just. I just don't want to uh comment about that because it kind of piqued my interest um can you talk about it he talked about um the existence of an orange.

I think. I think it's pattern it's like a thousand years old it's huge it's like. I don't know how big like like miles and miles across. But.

Anyway. So. I just wanted to comment about that because like. I said kind of pique my interest um some other random questions about a couple few different things um uh.

First is um you'd commented when a person starts doing pursuing higher. States. Of. Consciousness improving themselves pursuing some of uh new material.

I'm gonna see people leave well that's actually happened to me uh my college friends um always a drink with and party with and that would kind of characterize them as like kind of bravado type type that you just described like folks as far as going to a hockey game or singing watching football uh. Saturday afternoon rather than maybe perhaps doing something like this um they they kind of steer away from me and you know the times where. I feel bad about it. But you know just one thing to say that it kind of makes sense because.

I've seen it and you know the type of guys that you know go out with them and. I don't drink and. I do and they'll be screaming and yelling and being boys. First like like we were when we were 18 and 19 years old going to.

University and um you know the interesting thing is um when you hear things and. Then you see them independently from from the original. Source you know sorry. Anyway um.

So in the comment about that. So. I have a couple uh questions about um different lessons tonight well one is um the information. I've seen that with the um my desires on on my um spell what do you call it um you know cycling um.

So you said that of course. I took. The course um in 2020 in um a manifestation and uh. Network we call it um uh.

Anyway. So. So my question is when you when you do the information and you ask that question um the. First question you actually use the cause and effect language um do you um and.

Then the. Second part of it is the um what's important why is that important um. I'm not sure what that why is important question what is that modifying what is important is about value elicitation. So what what what what that.

Taps into are the emotional reasons underlying why you want that thing or what what it's going to do for you when you're when you have the attainment of that it's going to be the feeling you get in your body that lets you know it's it's right. For you well it makes sense. I understand that. So one what's the the answer to the question actually the question is modifying why why you want the desire what you want to get you to get the desire yeah most people's most people's belief systems are their value system are the are the checklists by which a person defines what is optimally desirable in their world and.

So by asking what's important about it elicits not just the thing they're asking for. But what the emotional payoff or situation is going to be when they have it which is is the is their highest reasons for doing something. So um there's like moral may. I understand that.

But. I was asking more like about the mechanics of it. So um. So if you were doing like for instance like you want to manifest um a new house um.

So. I think the. First one the. First part of it the way.

I understand it is. I. I always manifest um the house or the desire that. I want because.

I'm going to hire a state of consciousness. So. Then after. I would.

I answer that question when. I say what's what's important about some am. I saying um. I think it was.

I think you're you're actually mixing two separate processes mixing criteria and values listation or emotional bonding with the informations both utilize both are our products of the cause and effect structure. But they're used for very different contexts what you had said in um in one of your free events you're describing the information you said there's different levels to them yeah can you see the. Next level after a cause and effect is complex equivalent. So.

I am now uh buying you know getting my 200 000 house because. I deserve it and the universe gives me what. I want and that means. God loves me and it's going to happen that helps right.

Wow um incidentally uh it seems like the uh the image cycling has gotten more potent. I've been doing a lot of meditation in the morning like. I used to cry almost and um. I wanted to point down that happens to.

But. I there's a little um mechanical part that. I didn't quite understand that was actually the. Last um.

Mastermind. So when you're doing that um and on my right. That's that's another way of doing clearing correct yeah the uh the pulling down the heavens the one through ten and the three. Divine invocations will actually it's actually designed to create a very balanced energetic vessel um that allows you to begin rudimentary purging and.

Then you actually bring in you connect to the to the. Divine source and you use that to make yourself an instrument of. God purify and sanctify the environment and create a safe sanctuary in which to train and activate your three at your three bodies and your soul and now as a tool of the. Divine you work without a power and authority for healing or manifestation or influence or whatever it is you're gonna do.

I've been just doing the um just connecting to. Source the way you taught three years ago um yeah um. So um it's a corollary to the um pulling down the heavens just the one mechanical part uh my question is um you talked about um the lower down. Tien.

I wasn't sure the movement or where or exactly how that fits in like mechanically. I know you mentioned it and. I watched the. Last.

Mastermind. But if you could just pretty much tell me what he wanted me to do with the the lower down 10 when you're breathing in okay. So are we talking about um okay. So most of the time you're going to be doing what we call regular.

Buddhist breathing which means as you inhale from the lower. Don. Tien the the energy the admin balloons out in all directions yep as we breathe in the energy the the lower. Don.

Tien contracts if you're doing. Dallas breathing which is almost never done and especially don't do it if you have high blood pressure you actually contract the abdomen from all sides as you inhale and relax and push the abdomen out as you exhale that's actually a more powerful energetic way to breathe. But that's the problem is it's more powerful and energetic and. So if you have blood pressure issues and you don't know how to balance or sensitive to your own energies you can call it in excess conditions.

So we the. Buddhist breathing is much safer it'll get you there um it just may take you a little bit longer to build up that energy well. I don't have high blood pressure. But it sounds like the the.

First one was simpler. So just breathe through the the abdomen like that they uh yeah the the secret to building energy our work our energy is you think of think of your your body the energy comes in and it's like a one-way valve the energy comes in and as you exhale the energy stays and the breath and this turbid energy goes out. So it's always holding the energy in. Then you circulate it yeah for right.

Now that that would be you know you would do what you and all you would want to do is just um whatever exercises you're gonna do you start from rooting and and and and anchoring yourself on the lower. Don. Tien you do your processes and you bring all the energy excess energies everything back to the lower dantian cycle it. So that it rebalances like a centrifuge and.

Then recondense it and seal it in the lower dantean well what about breathing [Music] breathing in depending on what you're doing uh if you're doing. Elemental training for example you breathe the energy in and. Then you breathe it out this is universal from. Barton to.

Dallas systems right. If you're accumulating. Then what you do is you breathe it in and you you store it in the lower dungeon. So.

So that's what. I want to do when. I'm pulling down the evidence um you'll get there eventually for sure all right. Um.

So the. Next thing. I was just going to comment about is. I learned today is um you had done um.

The. Mastermind three years ago. I think it was. November 20 maybe.

December of 20 where you're talking about methods to bridge the frequency or in. Bridge to source and. I remember you you shared equip um you said that would be cognitively constipated if you gave it to us all it was something kind of amusing. But it nevertheless um.

I was wondering if you could revisit that and maybe do that today perhaps if you have um well actually most of what you want to do in terms of connecting to. Source can be handled with the the pulling down the heavens the one through ten and the three. Divine invocations that's actually a a really powerful way to do it um the god meditation that. I teach sometimes where you're doing the four attributes of the.

Divine is really powerful right. And you could actually you could actually combine them if you wanted to um. But really again it's really what's what's the most efficient way to what is it you want to do what's the most efficient way to get there um. I like the you know everything.

I've taught is safe. So and that's the thing. I want you guys to understand is uh there are more powerful things. I know how to do.

But without somebody to guide you through those processes like on a personal level they're not safe. So. I don't teach them yes. I don't want that.

Karma all right. Um well. I appreciate it um there was actually something. I saw on.

YouTube um in connection with growing hair back and it talked about the fingernails having your corresponds to the head. I'm going to put it on the. Facebook. So you can check it out.

I think you'd be amused by it. I don't might be uh maybe not. But. I know you you know you're knowledgeable about corresponding okay.

All right. Thank you you're welcome you're welcome let's go to. Eileen. Eileen are you with us yep sorry.

I turned off my cameras to the event on that moment hi um well you know of course. I want everything. But uh. I think a lot of what.

Drea was saying resonated with with what. I'm you know wanting to learn more about as well as um you know these like unconscious belief change and. Then um getting into hypnosis in a language pacing um the mechanics some of the mechanics of of what's. What's um what's important not to you know.

I know there's the whole idea that like you can forget to do five of you know or half of the things and it still works. But like what are sort of the key mechanics that are um essential. I guess to to hypnotic um the biggest one um there's two really that. I look.

At permission they're consciously or unconscious permission yeah and compliance okay. As long as you're getting those yeah you can pretty much do anything you want okay. Perfect and. Then and.

Then once you do get into into the hypnosis how do you get into the why it is they want to be hypnotized you know like what what they're trying to change and how to help them change. I guess that's where how do you get into it well once you get into the hypnosis it's it's the um that should be established before you even go into the trans process that makes sense okay. People come to you you sit down you do your consultation with them. So what if.

I'm curious what uh what can. I do for you what is it you want what's the problem and they'll tell you what the problem is and. Then you ask them what do they want instead okay. Yeah and and you're off and running perfect okay.

Perfect okay. Um and. Then yeah definitely uh the uh you know defense defenses against the dark. Forces type type speaking language because you know there's lots of crazy stuff going on in the world yeah well there is in fact uh we got a webinar coming up uh the end of the month it's actually uh weapons of social seduction defense against the dark arts it's actually going to be a class uh that teaches you both how to influence people.

But also kind of what to look. For how to protect yourself against evil manipulations and stuff like that it's the. First time that we're really doing uh a class that's gonna a webinar that's gonna actually focus on some of that stuff. But since you brought it up.

I'm gonna do a. I'm gonna have a a proud papa moment um. I went to the just on a lark. I went to the global guru's website yes.

A couple days ago and this is what. I discovered nice look. Who's the number one. NLP class in the world ah good job thank you this actually makes four years in a row we've been the number one training program in the world.

So um. I mean that was my. First live was killer influence and and that was that was amazing. I have to say yeah definitely want to come to the.

Next go ahead and close this um there we go all right. Stop share. So. Anyway um yeah.

So we we can work on some of that stuff. But one of the things. I want you all you know regardless of what you're coming for one of the things. I want you to become very very aware of is when you're dealing with people become aware of when your feeling shifts or when you're feeling the feelings in your body shift abruptly okay.

And the reason. I say that is because a anybody who is good at influence and persuasion and manipulation is going to try to change your state they're going to try to change it very very quickly what you want to become aware of is is the state you're in normal for you right. If you're someone who's usually pretty laid back pretty casual good boundaries and all of a sudden you're you're talking to somebody and you're feeling this intense arousal whether you think it's pretty creepy or not that's that should be a flag there is a definite sensation between what we call explanation and installation and. So one of the things that and it.

But the only way you can get there. A lot of times is by being more self-aware. So that's part of my job as your teacher is to teach you how to become more and more aware of the subtle shiftings of feeling. States in your body and who that's with.

So you can decide what influence to allow and what influence to neutralize there is never going to be a time when you're not being influenced or being attempted at being influenced by someone or something that's just simply not going to happen in a world where humans exist and media is everywhere okay. The question becomes what information or what influence are you choosing to allow versus what you're not allowing right. And as you become more and more aware you have the ability to make that choice without awareness there is no. Choice right.

So that's the. First step whether you're doing this for. Spiritual reasons whether you're engaged in this for romantic reasons or business reasons there is no. Negative side to being more self-aware okay.

With the exception being that the moment you become aware of something and it's something you don't like it's your responsibility to change it if there is a negative side that's it right. Can't go around blaming everybody else for that goes on inside of you because you're the one doing it yes. Maybe the uh the something in the external environment triggered that memory. But it's your memory it's your body feeling right.

It's your responsibility for dealing with it. Alex is asking when would that be uh. August 31st 4. P.M.

Pacific are you guys having fun is this is this um is this useful. I know we've done a lot of questioning and. Q a. But is it is it helpful folks all right.

All right. I got a few more people. Then we're gonna we're gonna drill and skill. I promise uh let's see here um let's look.

At. Stacy. Stacy you got something are you just here for the beer. I'm trying to get my camera to go on it's not overly cooperating um can you hear me at least.

I can hear you ah okay. Technology is not always my friend um. So um do you have a couple other pointers. I have like two things um.

But. I'm gonna throw one ahead since you were talking with. Drea um do you have other guidelines on um how to pick up when people should just sit and stew in their stuff because that would be helpful for me to identify that quicker yeah it actually is quite simple do they say they want help give them something small to do see if they do it if they don't do it they're not ready if they argue with you if you if they if you start if they start talking about their problems and they argue for their limitations or they start or they start playing well what about this game or what about that game they're not ready right. If they knew what the problem was they'd have fixed it okay.

So when. I sort for people. I want people that are open to what. I'm saying not gonna argue with me.

I don't mind if they ask questions. But you can tell the difference between an honest inquiry and a defensive response and. So. I'm like.

I'm looking at behaviors right. If. I'm if. I'm not convinced.

I will. I will do one or two things with them uh just small things. I'll play the frame. Game or whatever and.

I'll gauge their level of willingness to do the work and if. I'm if they're not batting at least 75 to 80 percent. I throw them back or. I refer them to somebody that.

I think might be a better fit right. There's a lot of things. I know how to do. I can guys.

I'm one of the best at the world at this okay. And. I'm not. I'm not trying to be arrogant about it.

I'm one of the best. I'm not maybe not the best in some things. But. I can get people to do stuff right.

But the amount of work and energy and time that. I have to put into that often isn't the return worth the return on the investment. So for every one person you have to fight to change you can see five six seven people who are ready and make the world a better place the most compassionate thing you can do for people who aren't ready to change is let them suffer it's also one of the most painful things for healers to do. But the truth of the matter is is that none of the magic none of the good that you have to share to bring happens until the client does what you tell them to do when.

I tell my when. I'm teaching my my therapist. I said look. Your job isn't about belief your job is to get the client to believe you your client is to your job is to get the client to do what the you tell them to do right.

And if you have maximum compliance. Then if you tell them to believe something guess what happens they do right. But if you have to argue and fight with somebody to get them to do a process they haven't suffered enough yet they're not ready right. And this will be true in relationships too you'll have all these things that you want to help your the person you love most in the world with and you'll present them with it and they'll fight you because they're not ready and you have to be at peace with that you have to have the serenity to accept the things you're not able to change at that given moment and that's hard especially for those of us who are coming to.

Planet. David because we want more control of our life well the secret technique aside the techniques aside the secret to actually getting more control of your life is letting go of letting go of control and being in a position of observing what's going on around you and choosing seeking to understand before you react. So you can choose how best to respond that's an evolution that you have to go through okay. Let me get off my soapbox now um thank you that was helpful um.

I have another question that. I'm hoping if nothing else you can at least give me another what my. Next step might be what to look. At.

So to kind of give some context um. I've been dealing with this autoimmune issue that it seems interesting itself is like uh a rare form of eczema on. My. Hands.

So and. I've exhausted all sorts of other. Alternatives and. I'm on my.

Third acupuncturist and uh not because the other acupuncturists weren't good they just one had a baby and. Then stuff like that. But. I'm working really well with with the current one.

But my doctors really pushed me to do injections. So. I've had um as much as that like goes against my core. I.

I was at a fight and at least it got me some relief and my acupuncture is more effective. But. I've had other people try to do um hypnosis on it and and take me through a different process and. I've tried spinning it the thing does doesn't move.

So. I'm a little lost on on that one the gray room didn't help a lot um and. Then. I'm um.

So. Then. I've also done the control panel that didn't help a lot. So out of desperation the other day which.

I kind of got this. Insight uh during my acupuncture um. So. I took.

The the back of my control panel off and started rooting around in there. So what. I what came up and. I'm going to explain it the best that.

I can is there's something in the control panel that's not me. So the best way my system is explaining it to me is it similar to the thing in like. Wolverine when he had that thing put in them that was preventing him from healing. So now.

I'm trying to figure out well how do. I get that thing that's not that's not out of the control panel because it also its own like intelligence. I don't. I haven't figured out yet if it's come from when.

I had. Lyme or co-infections. But since. I've had the inject the injections that have calmed my system down.

I wasn't even aware of the internal ticking that was going on until basically they put it up on blocks. So it's not that it's gone. But there is like this. Rhythm that.

I had and now. I'm starting to see it in other clients. So which again. I think we were all just vibing at the same pace.

So. I wasn't even aware of it and a lot of my clients all have lime there's this thing that eventually theirs will manifest and it did in me at one point too manifest as a it's almost like a metronome gone wild and. Stacy did you just say that a lot of your clients have. Lyme they do yeah that's one of the things.

I specialize in yeah and now you have it no. I. I had it before which is in the course of my training how. I.

I um figured out. I had it and got over it got over a lot of the co-infections. But since now. I'm dealing with going through menopause the hormonal thing is set off this hand thing and.

I'm. I'm wondering if maybe there's some residual thing that piggybacked that's not on my scanning scale that's affecting my autoimmune system. So a different type of organism because. I'm even getting like intuitively that it's almost like down to the.

RNA system that this thing has latched on. But. I'm not even sure if it's an organism that. I'm even scanning for.

So again. I'm trying to. Pare down. But now.

I'm. I'm starting to see this thing that. I've been struggling with. I'm seeing it's energetic signature in a lot of my other clients as well and like as much as.

I don't like the this injection thing shutting down part of my immune system like all of a sudden acupuncture is like a spiritual experience for me like for the. First time like it's quiet in there and that's a gift like other people are like do mindfulness and stuff and my clients have the same reaction like prior to having this the injections there is no. Shutting it down there's like this constant noise and the only way. I could find for meditation to try to have quiet it was something like.

Zumba. So it wasn't that it was quite in. Stillness it was a way of finding a meditative space that was creating white noise. But again it could only be sustained as long as my physicality could maintain it and a lot of my other clients are having the same experience because we've been dialoguing about it and they're like yes.

That's exactly it like their therapists and stuff tell them to meditate and they're like you just can't it's like asking somebody with no. Legs to climb. Mount. Everest without any equipment it's just.

But now that. I'm having this other experience now. I understand what they're talking about that other people get this quiet. Stillness and it's sort of like oh this is amazing.

But. I don't want to spend the rest of my life having to get injections either. So and and. I asked.

I actually did a little dialogue with this whatever this thing is in my control panel and it said it was there to help me help other people. So clearly it's part of some. Journey. I'm on.

But. I figured maybe you if you don't mind at least pointing me another. Direction what else. I should probably look.

At says spinning and other stuff hasn't given me ongoing relief and since they. I think this is part of a bigger thing that maybe. I can help other people. Then you need to go up you need to go up to the.

Divine and talk to your. Guardians and the source and say okay. What what's the lesson here and how should. I use this because it sounds to me like it's something for you to use okay.

Right. [Music] um and what especially jumps out is like you didn't know any of your clients were having this until you found it in yourself. So in that respect it's already helped you yes. It that's true.

So my my intuition says go up okay. And and see what guidance they have for you if it's something you need to get rid of. Then they'll point you in a direction if it's something you need to work with they'll probably give you that hint too there's probably more than one layer to that. But the only one that can really answer that for you is uh the big guy upstairs or the big hit upstairs depending on what pronoun you want to assign to it my.

Approach would be to get you in a chair and regress to cause and find out what's going on that would be if you were coming to me that's where we go and. Then. I'd work with whatever entity or higher. Powers you have to kind of get you some clarity on that.

But there's not you know other than that going up is going to be your answer is there somebody in the group that you would recommend maybe helping me moss moss or. Seth um. Evan's pretty good match trained. SD of course has been doing a lot of work um.

Moss probably of of all the folks in here has the combination of like all the energetics and and all the other crazy that we do um. But. Christine's. Christine is also good again the idea is you gotta you got to feel comfortable with the people you're working with.

But all those people uh. Rob. Bob. Chase is here.

Matt's here um they're all good um. So again um whoever's willing or interested in potentially working with. Stacy reach out to her on a private channel uh and. Then.

Stacy figure out who you you resonate with and um and work out whatever. Arrangements need to be worked out. But that's where. I would go okay.

I. I just have a quick question on um before. I think the. Last one or whatever we were or maybe two ago you had suggested.

I talked to. Divine and this is actually more of a self-defense question and and. I'm actually glad you did give me that advice because when it comes to defending myself versus defense for other people. I.

I actually expected. I was going to get some answer about a lack of self-love and that is not what. I got for the answer. I got that it was biology.

So apparently defending other people or whatever. I go mama bear. So is there a way that. I can hack the biology to give myself better to self-defense oh absolutely posture and breathing there's a when.

I was training in. Systema with my teacher. Kevin sakur he had this concept he called. The.

Predator prey switch which was a way you know if you think you know most women are kind of. Meek and mild and loving and nurturing unless their children are threatened and. Wolverine comes out right. And.

So he would have us develop the ability to go from no. No. No. No.

No. No. No. No.

No. No. No. Right.

And you do that through physiology and vocalization uh and. Then you can build that and create an anchor for it uh and. Then you have to. Then you have to rehearse the scenarios in which that is likely to happen or when it needs to happen.

So rehearsing it would kind of make it more automatically yeah because again you can create the state. But you need to you need to link the state to the context in which it happens right. If. I just stand in my room and perhaps just getting angry and or getting aggressive and blah blah right.

Well. I. I have that state. But now if.

I'm if. I'm getting in a fight or if. I'm. I'm being attacked.

I actually have to consciously think about that state to put it into action because it's not linked to the. ACT reactivity. I'm doing it's not linked to the context does that make sense right. You don't want to in in a fight or flight situation your butt's gonna pucker up your brain's gonna drop out you don't want to have to consciously think of that you want to consciously create it integrate it into the activity and the context.

So that when the context arises the state engages okay. So pre-programming it in there you gotta you gotta it's all front end stuff it's all front end loading okay. Awesome thank you very much and uh. Steph.

Seth posted a video from from. Kevin or a link to it you can actually learn how to do it thank you. Seth thank you thank you all right. Uh.

Moss you're up take a. Second to unmute um. I think. I'm listening for now waiting for somebody to arise that's worth asking okay.

Carlos talk to me hey. David hey well um since the uh the training in. Las. Vegas at him at all by the way.

I didn't attend the whole conference in him at all. I just paid for the. Hitman that's what. I never enter in any single room since.

I. I decided to go out and enjoy being out with the family good and. I think that was a good thing because um that helped me a lot up to uh relax and you know enjoy it a little bit more of the time with the kids. But uh for today.

I. I'm listening uh to everybody and. Then it's something very related about the energetics and the alignment between the the things that. I um.

I'm doing in my work and my business and the things that. I. I feel. I'm cold or or something like that sort of saying uh because after coming from.

Las. Vegas um. I went back like clean and everything was smooth working perfectly. I even have a a wait list for a roller.

So they called me hey. I just got the watch come get it. So everything this is surprising this wait listed like two years that they called you in three months never happens uh. I have a a property under.

Comfort. I'm closing my. First home. So everything seems to be just rolling out when.

I reached a point where. I start um facing all fears like uh we will be a good choice it would be a good decision um the. Morningside start like slowing down it's not the same cat ball as the the month previous and um like. I.

I will start to receive in some uh requests from people like hey. I saw your. Vegas um yeah. I would like to her to be hypnotized sometimes when can you give me like a a session of saying oh.

I'm not doing sessions um. I'm focusing more on other businesses okay. Well just let me know. I'm interested like many times and start like wait a minute uh something is happening here something is calling me here um and.

I do feel like. I need to do more for others and because. I don't know something like. I feel.

So the question here is uh how can. I uh start like realizing where the dots are to you know to be more aligned with or what. I'm saying because. I.

I'm fearing like uh the. Last. Mastermind we talk about saying how do you know that question keeps popping out in my mind like how do. I know if.

I just do therapy or if. I start training people talking about this how do. I know if they're not the way that. I'm gonna get more money than my actual business right.

But. I know it's a something like a freezing fear and. I don't know where to go how to move or what to do. So let me ask you this.

Carlos do you actually want to do therapy with people or do you just think you should because people keep asking you um if. I if. I think about uh how. I feel aligned with purpose and.

Then. I say yes. I. I think.

I should be doing something like that at least at least not not like hypnotherapy like in a session in a room. But at least doing something to give the tools to people to help them. But if you ask me from the business perspective. I say.

I'll come and. I. I cannot afford to stop doing uh all the different stuff because. I have a ton of bills and stuff the pain.

So yeah. I. I mean that dilemma that. I don't know how to make it something.

Superior unifying the two things where do you live actually right. Yeah huh where do you live you live in. Florida or. San.

Diego. California. I'm in. Miami all right.

So here's what. I would do see this needs to be fun for you it needs to be fulfilling for you or it's not going to work. So hold on a. Second let me tell you something about that that comes to my mind that exactly another thing you don't feel passion.

I don't feel an uh energy rush like. I don't feel connected with what. I'm doing right. Now that's that's something.

I have to mention okay. But. I did therapy. So what you're getting paid to do is not fulfilling you on a on a deeper level beyond the money yep okay.

That's perfectly okay. That's perfectly fine because many times as part of our golden path we're given jobs or our jobs we gravitated to jobs that while they're not the most fulfilling they'll they allow the resources to move those other parts forward until we don't need them anymore. So this is my recommendation for you. Go to meetup.com create a.

Meetup. Group in your area. I guarantee you there are a ton of people in the. Fort.

Lauderdale. Miami area who are fascinated by this stuff and will come out of the. Woodworks to play start a. Practice.

Group where people can come in and if they're hypnotists they can work on stuff after you build up a certain momentum start transitioning your group your meetup groups over to gotta reprogram your subconscious mind uh how to get rid of pain you know whatever the things you really are feel passionate about helping people get over do meetup groups and and do whole groups of people bring them up show. Transformations videotape your stuff and put it out on the internet that's all from prognosis or. NLP or whatever word you want to use energy healing doesn't matter. Meetup will do all the promotion the basic promotion work for you they have a venue wow and and just get in front of those people and fix it show teach them how to fix your own and what will happen is it'll start to it'll start to to self-propel like.

Matthew and. Rob are are doing that now. I just restarted my. Meetup program my.

First meet up. I've got over 40 almost 50 people waiting to get into a room that holds 30. right. And this is after a five-year five-year. Hiatus right.

When. I was doing my meetups. I own the. Meetup space in.

San. Diego in fact. I still have the biggest energy healing meetups martial arts meetups and. NLP meetups uh five years after.

I stopped doing them. I still have more members in my group okay. So. I know a little bit about how this works.

But if. For. You especially pick one night a week where you bring people in who have a problem that you can help them fix talk about how they can fix it bring somebody up fix that problem right. In front of them and.

Then give them the opportunity to raise their hand to work with you and. Then set aside one day a week or one night a week where all you do is just seek a couple of clients and don't go any further it's better for them to have a waiting list for you than to be always available okay. That sounds like a plan yeah that makes sense actually the property that. I.

I'm ghosting um and. Then and this is another thing when. I put the property under contract. I.

I the money to cash everything to close everything perfectly and now. I'm. I'm having issues with the approval with uh the down payment uh people doesn't pay. So.

So it's like uh. I'm gonna make it complicated life is telling me like. I'm gonna make it complicated if you don't turn around and seek on our beans. But uh in the property uh when.

I saw that. I say here is a good place to to gather people because. I has like a like a a tiki. Place cover with air conditioner and everything and say this could be uh.

So it's funny that you mentioned that because it's all related yeah it's all connected again things will come together. But again the secret is make it fun for you it feels fun and fulfilling for you do it and you'll just keep going and eventually you'll gain a critical mass and you'll be able to help people to whatever degree you you find useful no. I feel now. Marvel.

Phil uh coaching the investor. But when. I invest with me in the construction site. I've built more fulfillment talking about their than receiving their investment and making money.

So just don't don't forget the investment's important too oh yeah it is one of the hardest things one of the one of the biggest obstacles. I have when. I'm training the healers in in. Planet.

David is. I demand you get paid to do this work yeah. I know by doing good you know and and that's the hardest part is healers just want to heal people. But they don't want to ask to be compensated for it and they need to you need to be if you deserve you're well trained you work hard you deserve to be paid well for the for the the opportunities that you offer people.

So. I've seen changes it works. I. I.

I. I'm maybe uh sometimes. I see. I feel it all like uh doubt.

I feel like uh. I'm not good enough or if you see this for me it's all yeah some sometimes uh. I'm not looking to receive validation. But unconsciously yes.

I. I'm not doing something to get validated at these words and this is the path okay. All right. Will you keep me posted let me know how you're doing or you need any help reach out to the community or reach out to me and uh we'll support you in any way we can yeah thank you.

David. I'm gonna stay here you're welcome all right. Let's talk to. Alex hey.

David hey um long time no. See since uh killer influence um. I have two questions. First of all one kind of about your background.

I know in. October you're going to have secrets of internal power could you like talk more about what it is about and what skills would. I be learning okay. Uh secrets of internal power is a four-day seminar the.

First day is all me the. Second three days are uh me. Grandmaster. Chris.

Thomas and. Grandmaster. Norm. Johnson sharing very simple very powerful self-defense techniques that anybody can use you don't need to be a martial artist or a black belt or or some kind of super athlete to do anything we call these um uh sneaky old man techniques.

So if you're a small person uh not real strong not real athletic these are things that you can do they're not going to turn you into the. Next. Bruce. Lee or.

MMA super champion what they are going to do is help you go home safe if something should happen right. So the. First day. I'm going to teach uh energetics.

I'm going to teach structure. I'm going to teach powerful ways that you can begin to rehabilitate and rejuvenate your body and make it more useful for you that will actually take uh add years to your life and your. Mobility we'll teach you how to mentally train and program to learn things faster and. Then we're going to teach you small joint manipulation pressure point work natural weaknesses of the human body where you can just touch people in two places and put their ass on the ground and run away um it's a lot of fun you get to learn a lot of really cool energetic and uh secret stuff in the context of personal self-defense um.

But you get to prove both energetics and like martial arts oh yeah yeah this is the stuff that was. Kept. Secret for hundreds of years right. And the reason it's kept secret because once you know how to do it anybody can do it and the people who knew how to do this didn't want everybody to be able to do it yeah right.

So we teach you how to move how to read rehabilitate your joints how to uh activate certain pressure points of the body how to use how to use those uh certain basic movements that are. Universal to self-defense um it does again it's not going to turn you into a black belt. But if you actually train these things on a pretty regular basis you'll develop the muscle memory and you'll be able to just if something happens put people on the ground and keep them there if you need to or put people on the ground knock them out and run away okay. Sounds good and it's like a little bit of system as well involved oh yeah it's a lot of systemic because that's that's my.

I. I. I. I'm actually trained in every single art and.

I have a high ranking ranks in every single art that's going to be taught. But my focus my contribution will be the. Mind. Body and the energetics of.

Systema as well as pressure pumps okay. Sounds good and that's like in the end of. October. I.

I think. I would like to come back because. October 26th is very interesting it's. October 26 and again it's it's not designed for.

Marshall in fact a little feather in your guys's cap every time uh my students come to this thing. Grandmaster. Chris and. Grandmaster.

Norm are convinced that everybody in the room is a black belt because you guys picked this stuff up. So fast and do it. So well they and they're teaching you black belt level technique. But you're you're doing it like you've been doing it your whole lives it's really interesting how the people who go through our training process they just grab onto this material and um they can just do it it's really fun and it'll take care of everything you've learned through these channels and through these trainings to a whole other level because again anytime you get in the live room with us you get changed that's good um and that's in.

California. San. Diego yeah it'll be at. Marina.

Village yeah here in. San. Diego uh again. I.

I if you remind me like after we take our. First potty break or our. First lunch break um. I'll post the links and.

I'll. I'll set up a little coupon code for any of you who signs up while we're on that um if you use the coupon code we'll give you like a 20 discount or something on the seminar okay. But that's only for people who are on the. Mastermind and um people are watching us on.

YouTube. So. I might give it to them too. But they actually got to be here.

So um. But yeah. But uh internal power is fun we only do it one time a year um and it's where. I basically pull back the curtain on everything.

I understand and know between the. NLP the hypnosis the energy the martial arts and we put it all together into a very fun uh useful and empowering four days and and again uh we we do sit in that seminar we don't do any other time of the year. So it's a lot of fun my other question was well she said a little bit if. I ever think um something.

I recently started to struggle with as. I you know learned skills lack of polarity how to like switch from one emotional state to another is that you know when. I kind of like switch between negative. States.

I feel like. I. I don't know kind of like lose myself within those since. I started to switch like.

So often feeling where. I kind of don't know which state is mine naturally if that makes sense. So that's actually quite normal and the reason for that is is because the more you were hurt remember all of our states in spite of our neurological predispositions all of our states are actually habits their habits of thought and feeling when you actively engage in changing your state and holding it it's like nickels in a slot machine just like retraining any other habit if you do it long enough over a long enough period uh consistently not over a long enough period of time your default state starts to change now if you're used to thinking of yourself as being one way and all of a sudden you're spending more and more time as a different way that can cause a little bit of confusion. So who am.

I which which state am. I really the truth is you're neither of them. But the. Habit you're engaging in is changing and.

So you're not sure where you live anymore. So just keep consistent keep like yeah remember that states are like clothing that you put on and take off we all have our favorite our favorite shirt our favorite shoes or our lucky socks or our lucky boxers states are no. Different. So while you are in that state of confusion like what do you do to mitigate like you know the question becomes not when you're in that confusion the question becomes who do.

I want to be what do. I want to feel and. Then just choose to feel that way okay. I guess.

I don't know sometimes time to answer their questions foreign. So like for example like both like emotionally and like even erotically or like let's say when it's emotional and you know your work right. Uh sometimes you want like a dominant position leadership and sometimes you want a more support in it okay. And that's like or even erotically like that confusion like that polarity okay.

Just gives me a headache because. I. I don't know like which. So here's the here's here's again this is like chapter one of killer influence how to think like a master of influence everything starts with an outcome all right.

You're in a context you're in an environment you don't and you don't know whether to be the. Authority or the the the superior the subordinate or the equal that question is predicated on what is your outcome what is it you're seeking to achieve right. Once you know what it is you're seeking to achieve you evaluate the situation you evaluate the persons in that situation and ask yourself the. Next question what state or what identity state do they need to be in for them to do what.

I want them to do um who do they need to be. So they'll do what. I want them to do once you've answered that question the. Next question is who do.

I need to be. So they'll be who they need to be. So they'll do what. I want them to do and.

Then that's the state you take on or that's the frame position you take and to take it like to another level sometimes thinking about this like trying to almost like predict what would give me let's say the most pleasure or the most outcome also like gets confusion because you're like you know thinking too much about well what state would be the best you know maybe. I should just roll over with intuition and just a lot of times your intuition will be right. But the idea is is that to have our intuition work in harmony with our other faculties right. And.

So we want to train we want to have intuition and we. But we also want to have a trained set of skills that we can deploy as necessary what's interesting about all of the things. I teach is that the further along the path you get the less of them you actually have to consciously use because the core skill sets the ones that keep paying off become locked into your unconscious way of moving through the world. So they're largely intuitive.

But also you have conscious control over them. But also you you start to realize that you don't need to use everything all at once and that just your energy the vibration and the the identity that you've created causes people to become hyper compliant things just start. I call it the probability your probability field the probability field around you becomes. So conducive for you getting your outcomes that you almost have to never consciously do much at all.

But it's a process that you go through makes sense um and one more thing. So right. Now uh. I'm kind of like in the process of um you know searching for a new job because.

I don't necessarily like one right. Now and uh just kind of to. I guess a little bit open up um. I am um you know seeking to like.

I changed my status as a part of immigration stuff and you know kind of good job could help me with that and the problem is that right. Now. I'm at a job that can do that. But.

I. But. I you know. I.

I'm not sure. I would say not treated well and. I'm not growing career-wise. So basically it's kind of like a deal with the devil.

I kind of get this one thing that. I have and kind of trade off everything else for a very long period of time and. So. I obviously don't like that and.

I would like to get something else right. As a job and because immigration pause is kind of complicated it's a little bit risky and like logically it's kind of better to just stay safe. But at the same time. I want to feel happy.

I want to enjoy my life and. So. I kind of would rather like take that risk and maybe like sort of find another job that would be able to actually fulfill both like career growth and at the same time that part and. I don't know.

I feel like you know just being because. I was in this comfort zone for quite a period of time. I am like. I know that.

I should get out of it. But. I like something's like holding me and. I'm not too sure what it is.

I don't know if that makes any sense something's holding me back where in your body do you feel it. I'll say around hard area on the harder close your eyes. Let's explore that point where you feel it excellent if there were a picture floating in the space around you that represented that feeling. Alex a feeling you could reach out and touch a picture you could reach out and touch where would you reach out to touch it my brother excellent.

Tracy outline of it with both of your hands. So you know how big it is excellent that's pretty big let's go ahead and make that thing smaller notice what happens to the feelings in your body what happens brother feels feels better excellent let's open it up just a little bit. So we can do something with that now. I want you to go ahead and put a big black frame around it the bigger and thicker and.

Blacker the better excellent now you're probably too young to remember when televisions had real dials and knobs and switches instead of touch screens and remote controls. But. I want you to feel on the base of that frame you're going to notice some dials and knobs and switches like on a touch screen or a remote control once you find the knob that controls the brightness or the contrast when you find that knob turn it all the way to the right. Until the image whites out completely notice how it makes you feel and turn it all the way to the left until the image blacks out completely notice how that makes you feel decide which one you like better and turn it that way excellent now.

I want you to take the index finger of your dominant hand and in glowing golden letters on that white it out or blacked out screen. I want you to write the lessons that this experience is having to teach you the things it's trying to protect you from. So you can keep all the lessons and let everything else go now some people know exactly what those lessons are and they just blasted on the screen like it's nobody's business some people have no. Conscious idea what those things are.

But the part of you that created those feelings in the. First place that part always knows. So let that part. Express itself now when that happens some people just draw squiggles some people draw pictures every now and.

Then you get somebody thumb part of pissed off he goes you you you across the screen some people write with both hands simultaneously the writing. Chinese or. Hebrew at the same time. However your body does it.

Alex just let those fingers flow let the information flow out of you and onto that screen. So you can keep what's worth keeping and let everything else go now the screen will scroll like a tablet will scroll. So you have an infinite and unlimited writing space. So just keep going when my wife does this she writes for 40 minutes it's like she's writing a chapter from.

War and. Peace right. And the shit's all interested in. Chinese.

So. I'll never learn what she's saying about me just keep going if feelings and emotions come up put them on the screen too that's okay. When you know you're done you just nod your head to let me know and we'll continue with the. Next part of our process doing great keep going brother you got this excellent reach up shrink that down to the size of a postage stamp or even smaller notice how the feelings in your body shift and changes your other than conscious mind begins taking that frame moving it up over the top of your head back.

Beyond the. Horizon until it disappears below the. Horizon completely and you know the sound a hammer makes when you're banging on a nail there for all eternity and possible come back you know it's new back there for any impossible to come back to it try to bring the old feeling back try to turn the new feelings off and notice what happens instead now let that process happen you may notice you're feeling a little warm maybe breaking out in a sweat your body's doing all kinds of weird things that's just your neurology resetting itself take all the time you need to let that process happen when you're satisfied test it try to bring the old feeling back try to turn the new feeling off notice what happens instead when you're satisfied stop testing allow your eyes. To open that's right.

You're doing good notice how different you feel better yeah feeling stronger good good good there. I know who what. I want to do good good for you that's just the beginning. But again it's just you get a little warm.

I felt the heat yeah feel it from here yeah yeah dude yeah yeah about 50 of the time or better they'll just they'll just start giving off heat like it's nobody's business right. Why because there is no. Alchemy. Without fire you're dealing with light.

So very good now the process is still happening. So you may notice feelings and emotions come up that's just your body detoxing some people break out in a sweat some people laugh some people yawn some people cry some people twitch some people just feel waves of emotion coming up that's all supposed to happen just drink lots of water you'll. Purge okay. Good good thank you you're welcome all right.

Uh. Last. But not least no. Fear hypnosis you still with us no.

Fear going once no. Fear going twice all right. All right. So here's what's going to happen here's our curriculum for today we've finished going through and and demonstrating some stuff.

So what we're going to be working with today um is going to be we're going to be working on the transformational. Triad we're going to be working on getting rid of physical and emotional stuff using the. Triad uh. Then we're going to move into image cycling we're going to talk about ways that you can begin to create your image cycling lists uh and start using it uh to manifest the things you want does that sound like a plan let me just go to big screen here does that sound good all right.

Then since that's what we're going to do let's go ahead and what. I want you to. I'm going to we're going to take a 10 minute potty break. So you guys can go grab a coffee uh get some get a snack with this oxy that's full of oxytocin or dopamine right.

Um when we come back and if you if you don't want to go do that and get out a piece of paper. I want you to write down three to five things that on a scale of zero or of one to five or one to ten have an intensity level of about a one two or three to do for practice okay. Because one of the things. I want us to do is.

I want to teach you these. I want you to practice these processes. But. I want to teach you something that's almost as important actually maybe even more important in the long run.

I want to teach you the difference between doing this with others and doing this for yourself okay. Because if you want to start working on yourself you have to train a little bit differently than when you're going to do this with other people. So we're going to talk a little bit about bucket listing okay. So any other questions before we do our for our break for the day or for today uh.

Royce can we use a. VIP ticket for the. Martial. Arts.

Workshop. Royce you absolutely can um if you were to call. Stephanie she would she would encourage you to not use your. VIP ticket for the martial art and the reason is is because all of our other seminars are more expensive right.

So it's actually a better value to just pay for the seminar than to waste the. VIP ticket on it. But. I don't it's up if it's your it's your ticket brother if you want to use it for that.

I'm all. I'm. I'm. I support you okay.

So let me go ahead and you go to the potty uh let me see if. I can burn you know throw that coupon code together uh. So for those of you who want to come to internal power. I can give you a little bit of a discount if you're on the call either on.

YouTube or um uh the zoom room all right. We'll see you guys it's uh 113 now. I will see you at 123. and uh we'll get back into stuff talk to you soon. I do that smile.

Renee hi. Jax how are you sweetie yeah you look. Kind of glowy today oh are you muted. I don't hear you are you muted there we go you know what.

I'm just thinking about you. I got this um. I got this new book. And it's opening up the chakras oh and it talks about the um was it.

Kundalini no. Yes. It talks about that in there and what it does is it teaches you meditation and yoga poses that will start opening up the the. Petals of the chakras in your body starting with the.

First chakra of the root and um and one of the things that they were talking about and. I was like just this is like really weird. I've been having a lot of pain and. I've just um been struggling trying to get help with it and you know and all that and stuff and it's you know really been kind of like disabling me more um than usual and.

So it's like you know. I'm just like you know. I'm gonna just try some stuff. So.

I did some of. David's spinning. I did some. Framing and and.

Then. I did some color breathing and for the. Last like four days. I had been doing this thing in my meditation in the morning where the light comes down from above comes up from below and.

Then. I start circuling the light coming up from my root chakra all the way up and to the front of the chakras working on opening them up going down the back and. Then circling and circuline and circling the light and. I've been doing that and.

I was thinking there was one other thing that. I did. I can't oh. I've been um also visualizing myself in um the perfect body that.

I want the perfect healthy body and you know tone leaning and. I've lost like five pounds like the. Last week and a half and um. But.

I found this kind of interesting and. I haven't gone into it. I'm not home right. Now.

But. I haven't gotten into the book. Too much. But it was um.

I thought it was interesting that they talked about the. Kundalini. Kundalini whatever that yeah. So.

I was like gosh you know it's like. I bet. Jax would find this interesting yeah um there's another book. Yeah that called.

Kundalini. Rising my mother used to live by that although you know happened. But yeah uh. So send me the link for that book.

I'm interested it's a hard copy okay. I'll send you the information for it when. I get back home. I'm um all right.

You're all having chakra conversations. I get it yeah we have some uh enthusiastic. YouTubers who want to join us uh. So maybe they'll.

I don't know if they'll make it in or not um they're learning how to navigate all the different membership levels. So if you see people popping into the uh the waiting room please let me know. So um. I can let them in all right.

So let's uh let's go to the diagrams let's get uh let's go did everybody make a list of things they want to work on yes. No. Informational. Triad come on all right.

Let me share my screen all right. This is your working diagram. So we're going to go through each of these um systematically and we're going to explain the theory behind this okay. Remember that you're unconscious one of the.

Prime directives of your unconscious mind is to protect you it's to keep you safe and it doesn't need or your permission to do that it also doesn't need to ask you if it's going to do that it's simply going to make arbitrary decisions that either protect your genes and allow you to reproduce or not. Okay. So one of the reasons that if you look. At the diagram let me see if.

I can it's hard to collapse this thing with this new this new version is not always the most conducive. But notice that the apex of the uh the transformational. Triad is the. Magic.

Frame the reason for that is is that many times what will happen is if something happens enough your unconscious mind will attach a safety lesson to the event or experience to to the event memory it's important to understand a couple of things about this you are not the way you are because of the things that happen to you um you're the way you are because of the way you've recorded the things that happen to you and the way you've been relating to those recordings okay. So what you're dealing with and one of the reasons many times that we we fight to keep something that is obviously making our life hell is that we've identified with that problem we we've we've we've made that problem that recording of the event or experience such an important part of our identity that the idea of giving it up terrifies us because we don't know who we'll be anymore we don't know how to be without it if that makes any kind of sense that's that's one aspect of this the other is is that going back to the protective aspect of the unconscious mind is that if you've had again a bit the ones. I use most often are relationships and um businesses let's say you've had a couple of businesses right. You started a business you worked hard you had to you know bumps and scrapes.

But you made it to a certain level and you're enjoying your business and all of a sudden something comes along and just wipes you out you know maybe you're a restaurant you know maybe you built a restaurant and all of a sudden covet came around and just wiped your business off the planet you you struggle through the through the pandemic you you get the. Eid loans and you you've got a business plan and you're going to restart your you know your business and you get that up and running and. Then you know all of a sudden something happens and stagflation hits the economy takes a and all of a sudden your brand new restaurant goes tits up right. It just it's just gone right.

Every time you've lost that business it was tremendously painful for you it was a tremendous tremendous loss and your unconscious mind is doing its best to help you manage that to lock down feelings. So it doesn't overwhelm you. So you could function. But it's also looking at those experiences and saying wow.

I have to make sure that we never feel this again right. I have to do something. But your conscious mind isn't aware of that and. So what does it do you have these desires damn it.

I'm going to pull a rocky. I'm going to false it. I'm gonna get it's not how hard. I get hit it's how hard.

I can get hit and get back up again you. Embrace that idea you you go out you secure more funding you've got a business plan you've you've tightened up and you've learned from your previous two businesses of what to make sure doesn't happen what you. So you're ready you've got the money you've got the plan you know who to do it with you knew when to do it you know where you're going to do it. But for some reason you can't pull the trigger you can't take the action what's behind that well what's behind that is your unconscious mind is looking at what you're doing going back into its files seeing if you've ever done that before and what the result was and based on the level of pain or pleasure connected to it it decides this almost killed him.

I have to protect them from this what am. I going to do. I know if they never start another business they can never lose it and if they never lose the business they can never feel that pain again your unconscious mind attack create puts a right. Puts an addendum on the uh on the file flips a switch and now no.

Matter how much you want to no. Matter how much you know you can you can't get out of the gate you also have these experiences of relationships where you've had some amazing relationships and all of a sudden just evaporated maybe they blew up ugly maybe the person just vanished and like you've learned and you've grown and you find this person that just checks all the boxes for you and when they go to ask you out or you go to ask them out it's like and you can't you know it's you know it's a fit they know it's a fit. But you get. So far in the relationship and you just the brakes come on what happened safety lesson your neurology said the.

Last time we let somebody in this far or farther and they lost them it ripped their heart out it it tore them up they almost suicided from the emotional pain and loss. I have to make sure they never feel that level of loss again well if they don't ever get in that level of intimacy with someone ever again they can never lose it. So they're safe the unconscious mind flips a switch and all of a sudden boom you can't get out of the gate. So why is that make why does that put the.

Magic. Frame at the apex of the pyramid many times when we have a physical or emotional or mental pain there are safety lessons attached to it. But we don't know that and. So if we try to spin it or we try to frame uh color breathe it a lot of times what will happen is if let's say they have a physical pain or um by the way just.

So you know those of you suffering from high blood pressure. I've done at least two cases of high blood pressure with a spin that. I can. I can verify changed.

So. I do know this works blood pressure um. But let's say that they've got a safety lesson to test. So it's a you know from a scale of zero to ten it's like an eight.

So you take it out you spin it it drops to a zero it's gone and. Then within a short period of time it comes back the reason it comes back is because your unconscious mind doesn't know how to let the left is not willing to let the lessons go. So let me go back to. Brady.

Bunch mode here how many of you know what soup is okay. How many of you have ever made soup okay. How many of you have ever tried to unmake soup it doesn't work real well right. Why because it's all mixed together you can't tell the one thing from another.

Beyond a certain level right. Your unconscious mind creates these containers for these memories and these experiences and these uh rules about safety and even though. I can show you really pretty diagrams for what it looks like in terms of my conceptualization of it and. I'll show you a diagram.

Later in reality it's like a big soup that's all moving and interacting and intercommunicating with each other and. So when you go to begin one of these other interventions like spinning or met or uh color breathing or even gray room for that matter or universal solvent or sometimes even safe place induction when the when the when the resolution starts to come in and it starts to get flushed out of the system the. First an alert goes off at the unconscious mind that says hey if we let this go you might forget the lessons and it'll happen again and because your unconscious mind doesn't have a real good way to unmake the soup rather than lose that rather than um lose that just lose that one thing it keeps all of it because that's the safest way to make sure that the lessons preserved. So whenever we're working with people the the rule of thumb is always frame it before you do anything else why because nine times well maybe not nine times out of ten probably seven eight times out of ten just framing it'll get rid of it and you don't have to do anything else.

But even if it's not all completely gone the moment you extract the safety lesson and you put it in a different location as far as the system's concerned the system's willing to let everything else go because what it wanted to keep in the. First place has been preserved think of it like your taxes how many people know what taxes are okay. So. I'm going to give you a long drawn out story.

But you know at the beginning of every year. January we all start fresh right. We're making money we're buying stuff and we we get receipts and we throw them in a box right. Unless you're my wife who just starts organizing that early.

But that's not me right. And as you as months go by we throw in the box for a year and. Then the following years we get closer and closer to. April that box starts to become more and more way more and more heavily on our minds and.

Then usually around. February march-ish we realize we should probably do something with that big box of that we spent the. Last 12 months throwing stuff in and usually right. Around oh.

April 10th we get a we get a bottle of. Jack a calculator a container of suppositories and while bleeding from the anus proceed to organize and bring order out of chaos as we prepare our tax returns for that year right. So you're drinking heavily bleeding from the rectum writing the check drinking more right. Finally you get it all you put it in the envelope you write the check you seal it you're crying all the way to the post office right.

Little drops of blood following behind you you mail that off with a big relaxed you walk in the door you look. At your table and they're looking at you there's a big box of stuff that for all intents and purposes is done it's gone. I mean it did technically it's. I don't need this anymore except you're not allowed to get rid of you have to keep that right.

So what do you do well you take the box and you start looking around the house where can. I stick it oh wait there's a cubby hole you put it up there you forget about it and for all intents and purposes it's done it's gone. But if you ever get a love note from the. IRS who are being audited right.

You know go right. Where to go to find that right. At the end of 11 10 11 12 years. However long it is where you live throw that in the fire have a have do the happy dance right.

That's what we're doing with the magic frame when you start to understand how the neurology encodes your experience let me show you a picture really quick if. I can find it without wasting too much of your time well actually let's just let's just do this experientially that's might be it might be more fun all right. So if you're driving like moss is don't do this right. If you're operating heavy machinery or involved in any activity that requires your full and undivided attention.

But. I want you to close your eyes. And if you want to stand up it's always better if you can stand up. But you can sit if you want.

I want you to remember a time in your life when you felt the most amazing thrilling fulfilling satisfying pleasure ever right. And. I want you to see what you were seeing hear what you're hearing smell and taste what you're smelling and tasting and notice that there's a place in your body where those amazing wonderful feelings start where they grow and where they spread from take a moment point to where you feel it now if there were a picture floating in the space around you that represents this amazing feeling feeling you could reach out and touch where would you reach out to touch it. Tracy outlined that with both of your hands and grab it let's make sure we got the right.

One make it bigger notice what happens to the feeling make it smaller notice what happens to the feeling keep the size of the picture go back to the original size of the picture make the size of the picture exactly the same pull it closer to your body notice what happens to the feeling does it get stronger does it get weaker lift it up over your head pull it down around you like a big blanket notice what happens to the feeling now does it get stronger does it get weaker excellent now you can have this feeling back in whatever way you want in just a moment. But for the sake of our drill. I want you to unwrap that picture hold it back up over your head now you guys all know what a frisbee is right. I want you to imagine that what you're holding is a big old frisbee.

I want you to take that frisbee. I want you to throw it all the way behind you. So it disappears completely behind the horizon once it's gone completely scan your body notice what happened to the feelings in your body what changed when you got that lift your hands up imagine your hands now the world's most powerful frisbee magnets suck that frisbee right. Back into your hand as you hold this picture above you.

I want to tell you the most important thing you're going to hear today quite possibly for the rest of your life inside your mind body and soul you are the king or queen of your reality you're the god or goddess of your. Universe you have every right. Privilege and authority to make any change that you want for any reason that you want. I want you to play with your own power right.

Now. I want you to make that picture bigger make it smaller move it up move it down move it in your body move it out of your body notice how every time you change the size and location of that picture the feelings the intensity and the quality of those feelings change too and. I want you to keep playing with it until you find the exact size shape and location that gives you the exact feeling that you want to have at the exact intensity level that you want to have it when you've got that sweet spot fix it into place notice how the feelings in your body shift and change as that picture flows from your body from your body or from the picture to your body from your body to your heart from your heart to your bloodstream from your bloodstream every place your blood flows those feelings go into every nerve and every cell and every atom into the very. DNA of those cells transforming reprogramming turning each and every cell of your body into a powerful.

Perpetual pleasure. Factor each cell of your body generating more and more and more of those amazing feelings in an infinite ever expanding and. Unlimited. Supply there's no.

Need to measure it manage it or make it happen faster just notice that process taking place allow it to install itself completely when you know it's done it's locked in test it try to turn this feeling off and notice what happens instead what'd you notice foreign what you mean you can't follow instructions. I told you to turn that off and it's getting stronger damn it you're stuck being pleasured feeling happy now that's a suck deal all time. I went it. I bought it that's good excellent.

Alex is still zoning over there just keep just keep pasting it it's good brother. I'm gonna assume you all feel pretty damn good yes. Good what you just did was what we call the frame game this is. I do this with every single client that comes to me for therapy why because in the time it takes to do this one drill.

I know everything. I need to know about them to help them get the change they came for right. Now how many of you noticed when you made the picture bigger the feelings got more intense just raise your hands how many noticed when you made the picture smaller the feelings got more intense okay. Here's the secret it doesn't matter which one you do it's just important to know which one you do right.

Because the idea here is your system has a way of coding for change it has a way of coding for experience and this game this little game that we play has many levels to it. But if you just play this game four or five times a day every day the ability to control and manage your own emotions and your own thoughts will go up astronomically because every thought you think every feeling you have has these components that you're manipulating and if you just connect the inside to the outside and manipulate the metaphor your neurology will plus all the buttons and turn all the switches it needs to transform anything you got into whatever you want okay. We call it the frame game. But it's actually a neuroplasticity exercise when.

I when. I bring you into the clinic it's a diagnostic tool when. I teach this in my seminars it's a it's an exercise to develop emotional muscle an energetic muscle and develop the ability to generate more and more energy on demand and. So the secret to this is you got to keep doing it if you want to be better does that make sense.

So here's what we're going to do as a group. First we're going to wire this in we're going to hardwire this piece. I'm going to break you up into groups of three you're going to take turns walking each other through the frame game just what. I did point to where you feel it reach out and touch it make it bigger make it smaller move it in move it out wrap it around you throw it behind you bring it back put it where you love it suck the energy in and have it wash through your.

Your. Mind. Body. Soul and.

Spirit does that sound like a plan can we do that okay. And. I want and now the secret behind this is a once. I teach you how to do it and you guide people through it it locks in the mechanics of it.

Then all you got to do is play the more playful you become with this the easier it gets. Jax your kind of question when. I do. Mansion making it bigger uh gives me more feeling today um when.

I made it bigger. I suddenly felt a feeling of sadness and despair. I don't understand that it's supposed to be a happy feeling well you remember that remember that remember this this is important your nervous system connects things together that it sees have something in common and it's constantly doing it that's what the whole science and art of anchoring in. NLP comes from your system is constantly taking things and sticking them together.

So what may have happened is there may be some memory that you've either recently acquired or that was tangentially connected to the good feeling that got stuck to that negative feeling and. So it's decouple them one of the things. I've noticed is that things are changing that way um. I don't.

I don't understand it. But it's happening and. I deal with it like. I can now lately.

I've been going through a lot of uh frustration and not necessarily despairable more probably uh depression over waiting for this knee surgery you can't get a job. Gotta. Wait for everything to kind of fold. I mean.

I'm manifesting things. But it's like it's slow it's slow right. Now really slow and it's frustrating that's that's that's called being human. I know a conscious mind always sets an expectation of how long something should take which is almost never in harmony with what actually does take well.

Jake got it. David we gotta make this faster. I'm working on it okay. Thank you sir you're welcome.

But here's one of the things that some of the things you can if if you're playing with the pleasure. Paradigm and a shitty thing comes up just reach into the picture pull out the crappy stuff and throw it in the bonfire right. Or ask yourself the magic question if my higher mind could send me a feeling of frequency a vibration or color that would separate that negativity and dissolve it and leave me with just the. Happy.

Feelings what color of colors might it send you and you can separate it right. So we can use all the other techniques to enhance that. But those are fairly rare now there is one other thing that may happen uh. I hesitate to tell it to you.

But. I'll. I'll just give it to you right. Up there every now and.

Then you're going to play with somebody who who does the size part of it and they don't they feel it change. But it's not super intense or they bring it closer and it's not super intense in situations like that what they've actually done is created layers of dissociation and insulation between the external projections and the internal kinesthetics. So there's a rather aggressive way to break through that which. I will give you because it's better.

I give it to you up front. So you know what to do and. Then instead of me having to come back. So if the if that happens for you and again if it's not happening for you don't do this okay.

Point to where you feel it reach out grab it trace the outline of it with both of your hands and if you're truly ready to feel it grab it with both of your hands slam it into the spot where you feel it pull it back out slam it in pull it out slam it in pla and keep doing that until all that is until you've reconnected the feelings right. If you go to some of my early. YouTube videos where. I'm doing um a meet-ups in in.

Florida uh you'll hear me actually do this with somebody uh in the audience because they were doing the frame exercise and they weren't feeling a whole lot and. I asked sir. I said do you really want to feel that and she's like yes. I said are you sure you really want to feel that.

I asked her three like two or three times she said okay. I said all right. Point to where you feel it reach out and touch it grab it slam it in she got about three repetitions in and just busted out crying all over the room right. So this is one of the things that my my training didn't prepare me for.

I had to figure it out on live human beings in real time. So. I give it to you with the caveat that if you don't need to do this or you're not prepared to do this don't do this all right. Because again if if you poke the bear it's coming out and you're gonna have to let that process happen all right.

So quick quick question about that um could it be that part of what. I'm going through is disassociation which. I have no. Doubt about absolutely could be lots of things.

Shannon says. I did that in. IBD and it made all the difference in the world yeah yeah it really does work uh. So again if you're gonna if you're gonna do that make sure you're ready to clean it you you you're saying you you know what to do.

Next uh or you have somebody there who can guide you through the process uh. Ian and. Then we're gonna go break your eyes. Up in the groups.

So in order to understand this better um. I have a question um. So the the feeling that. I just used was accomplishment the feeling of accomplishment um and.

I was. So when. I pointed to it. I like like how.

I felt it was like looking at a animal hundreds of feets away or 100 of feet like a football field away um kind of felt like super distant is that is that what dissociation is is that would you say it can be. Association yeah there's different layers or levels to dissociation um one of the things that you'll notice with the uh with the met with the frame game is that the closer uh an image gets to the body the more it's like turning the volume knob up okay. The further away from the body it gets the most. I turn the volume knob down now.

I don't call that dissociation per se although you could. I call it disidentification okay. Dissociation it happened it has a similar effect to it. But um disidentification is where you like you're watching yourself do something and.

Then you're watching yourself watching yourself watching yourself do something right. Um. So. I.

I mean they have a very similar function. But they're slightly different mechanisms. So when. I step out of my body actually you could actually say that stepping out of your body is actually disidentification and dissociation is moving it further away.

But only. I make that distinction if you go to an. NLP class they won't make any difference they won't even talk about disidentification. So when.

I step out of my body and. I look. At myself. I disidentified from my form right.

And. I can keep doing that and the more layers of myself. I create the more removed. I become from the sensations in my physical form right.

I may have level 10 feelings in my body. But if. I'm four four version or four layers out. I don't feel that as a level 10. right.

So think of that as disidentification in classic. NLP terms it would be called dissociation what happens is when you take the picture and you move it away or you shrink it and move it away. You're creating you're lowering the intensity of the experience and dissociating from it do you understand how they can give the similar process a similar feel. But they're different mechanisms one is.

I'm creating layers of insulation between me and the the full feeling in my body in the other one. I'm taking the volume knob and just going to do by making the picture smaller or moving it away does that make sense now yeah and um when. I when. I touch the the picture it was right.

Here right. In front of me uh. But it felt maybe. I guess maybe there's a it's possible that there's a another picture connected to it that's super far away um.

I guess that's that's one uh one possible solution. But yeah it felt like very um uh the best best way. I could say it it's very diluted um it's not the normal potency of the the feeling that. I.

I normally feel. So okay. Remember that this exercise is purely about pleasurable experiences we're not doing any we're not cleaning anything up right. Now.

So think of something that has a good positive juice to it. So that we can do this particular drill. Then we'll come back we'll work on the actual. Magic.

Frame and. Then we'll start going through the rest of the pyramid or the rest of the. Triad okay. All right.

Any other questions before. I turn you loose on each other all right. So whoever has is the most experienced with these techniques if you've had at least identity by. Design um or um if you're if you're certified all the way up through regression uh take the reins be the.

First one to guide people through the process and. Then hand the range off to the. Next person have them guide you guys through the process. So for each of you.

I want you to do this at least three times three times as a subject three times as the operator um if you want to work with a bunch of different people and and you your group has gotten done and you still have time left come back to the main room. I'll put you into different groups or throw you into different rooms okay. But the more times you guide people through this the more bodies you work with the more comfortable you're going to get with it any questions foreign go get him keep track of your reps foreign hey folks. So while we're waiting on my uh.

I ducklings to finish practicing um. I can uh answer questions. So go ahead and type your questions in the chat and. I'm happy to share any what with the time.

I have apparently my daughter is watching us. So very cool. So. Heather's saying image cycling going to the end result and feeling what if you have a block or does that get bypassed because of the strong emotion and clear to end.

So there's different ways to handle um things that come up when you're creating your image cycling lists most of which will be handled by the transformational. Triad that we're going to be covering. First um many times the things you do in your image cycling list will presuppose the um the the end result or we'll call it'll force you into a position where you have to clear it. Liam says where do.

I find info on pulling down the heavens well you can learn it in a mastermind or you can go to uh bien wagon got my kajabi dot com. Lottie says hi sweethearts. Danny. J live now says are you taking new patients for hypnotherapy uh.

I am not taking patients at the present time we are debating on actually opening up to clients in the future. But it won't be cheap. But what. I am doing right.

Now is uh. I do private sessions for my mega. Platinum coaching clients. But.

I also um refer to my like people. I've trained and certified. I refer my cases to them and. Then if they have trouble.

Then they refer back to me. But nobody's referred back to me yet. So everybody's very very happy with the results that they're getting. Ryan.

Sullivan is asking. I often experience confusion after epileptic fits in sleep what is the way to clear my head quickly color breathing right. Remember a time in your life when you felt amazingly clear-headed ask your neurology if your higher mind could send you a feeling of frequency a vibration or a color that would completely clear this mental fog and restore my mind and body to. Optimal functioning and.

Clarity what color or colors might it send you form a ball of that energy above your head fill the room with it breathe it through the color of the fog that's making you uh feel confused and allow it to just dissipate and that'll usually re-grounds people pretty quick right. Anything else you see what kind of time left. I got on my ducklings here. I have to be mindful of the time because.

I also have to check in on them. I just wanted to usually um. I'm just. I'm just bouncing from uh from uh room to room to room.

But. I wanted to kind of say hi because you guys have been kind of sitting with me the whole time. So. I just wanted to let you know.

I didn't forget you right. So listen ask more questions. I'm gonna go check on my people follow-up question in image cycling do we look. For synchronous events.

I would say no. Um what. I would say is don't look. For synchronous events become aware of them as they happen right.

So there's a difference between looking for something and becoming aware of something as you're moving through the world one creates blind spots in your perception the other is a byproduct of opening up your perception okay. So. I would. I would not say look.

I would say become aware of notice uh those things. So let me go check on my people and. I'll get back to you just as soon as. I can foreign they're bebopping back all right.

What do we learn what we discover again this is just a prep exercise it's just a just a primer to get your neurologies warmed up a little bit okay. That's hard. Euler did we lose half of our people they get lost on the way out oh here they come all right. All right.

Any ahas epiphanies. OMG moments what'd you learn what'd you discover anything weird happened um. David. I noticed the thing about um.

I have that because. I actually that's it from you're on. Bruce your audio is just horrible sorry maybe better now uh for the moment okay. So.

I was just saying subscribe nope that was it's gone now again maybe you can uh type it in the chat or or. I don't know it turned out really well good good all right. Um all right. So for our.

Next practice now we're going to go into. Magic. Frame. So once again when we do the magic frame we're going to do one together just.

So we all have an idea of how this works okay. You've seen me actually do it twice on on two people today uh with how. I think. I did it with helmet and.

I did it with uh with. Alex right. So the process is really really simple the. First thing we have to do is connect the inside to the outside we call that a somatic.

Bridge we point to where we feel it. Reach. Out. And.

Touch the picture trace the outline of it with both of our hands. So we know how big it is make sure it's the right. One by flexing and moving it around and seeing how the feelings in our bodies change put a frame around it white out or blacken out the image write the lessons on the screen shrink it down to the size of a postage stamp or even smaller float it up over the top of our head back. Beyond the.

Horizon and. Then we nail it behind us impossible to come back okay. Oh wow you can't really see me can could you guys see me before okay. I wasn't sure okay.

I had my show. Selfie off. I wasn't and. I looked and.

I couldn't see myself. So. I wouldn't know if. I was actually being visible all right.

So and you have now what's going to happen is when you move it up over the top of your head your neurology is going to start to recalibrate and recode the experience that can be really fast or it can take a few seconds right. You may notice as it floats up at a few for. First. First few seconds nothing really happens and all of a sudden like weird stuff starts to.

Bubble. Up or you get warm or hot or whatever happens after it moves back. Beyond the. Horizon and it's nailed back there just allow that process to happen that's your body doing whatever it needs to do to vent and.

Purge that idea now you know what. I have to. I'm just going to keep it real simple you've got a list right. Of of uh one one to three things one to five things in our level one or three one to three yes.

So let's do this together everybody look. At the. First thing on your list that you want to clear lowest level thing we're going to start with the easy stuff even though it's actually technically all easy which to close your eyes. Think of that thing you want to change notice there's a place in your body where those feelings start and they grow or they spread from take a moment point to where you feel it if there were a picture floating in the space around you that represents that that feeling that feeling you want to change a picture you could reach out and touch where would you reach out to touch it trace the outline of it with both of your hands.

So you know how big it is grab it make sure you got the right. One make it bigger notice what happens to the feelings make it smaller notice what happens to the feeling put it back to its original size pull it closer to your body notice what happens to the feeling put it back to where it was now put a big thick black frame around it the bigger and thicker and. Blacker the better now most of you are too young to remember when televisions had real dials and knobs and switches instead of touch screens and remote controls. I want you to feel along the base of that frame you're going to notice some dials and knobs and switches like on an old style television turn that find the contrast knob or the brightness knob turn that knob all the way to the right.

Until the image wipes out completely notice how that makes you feel turn the image all the way to the left until the image blacks out completely notice how that makes you feel and decide for yourself which one do you like better if you like it white it out white it out if you like it dark blackened out black it out if you like some other color put that color on the screen take the index finger of your dominant hand and in glowing golden letters across that white it out screen there were some lessons that this experience had to teach you positive or negative. I want you to write those lessons on that screen in glowing golden letters. So you can keep all the lessons and let everything else go now part of it sometimes we know exactly what those lessons are and boom we put them right. On the screen sometimes we have no.

Conscious idea what those lessons are. But the party that created these feelings and these pictures in the. First place that part always knows. So let it express itself let it write on that screen everything on that screen that's worth keeping.

So you can let everything else go some people draw squiggles some people draw pictures some people get really angry right. You you across the screen some people write with both hands simultaneously they're writing. Chinese and. Hebrew at the same time.

However your body does it how it just let it express itself if feelings and emotions come up put them on the screen. So you can keep all the lessons and let everything else go the screen will scroll like a tablet. So you have an infinite unlimited writing space right. Just keep writing your feelings and emotions come up put them on the screen just keep writing if your body starts to do weird stuff just keep writing and.

So everything that was in you is on that screen you can let everything else go when you know you're done and only when you know you're done reach up shrink that frame down to the size of a postage stamp or even smaller notice how the feelings in your body shift and changes with. Every. Breath. You.

Take and every beat of your heart here other than conscious mind begins to move that frame all the way back back. Beyond the. Horizon. So it dips below the.

Horizon and it disappears completely and you know the sound a hammer makes when you're banging on a nail put nail back there for all eternity and possibly come back when you know it's nailed back there for all eternity and possible come back scan your body notice the change notice it's gone notice how different you feel try to bring the old feelings back and notice what happens instead. I think all the time you need to let that process happen when you're done open your eyes. Look. Up here all right.

Does anybody at all have any residual feelings or are they just fading away slower okay. So if you have residual feelings here's what you do. Next this is where you get a choice you can either spin it or you can color breathe it since it's is it okay. To get rid of this is there any reason why you again.

I'm looking for any hesitation when you ask that question if there's any hesitation whatsoever we got more framing to do right. But let's assume that it's okay. To get rid of it let's go ahead and spin it. I want you to close your eyes.

Point to where you feel that residual in your body as you look. At it with your inner eyes. Notice there's a color maybe even a series of colors connected to that feeling what color colors would that be for you. First impression whatever it is scale of zero to ten rate the intensity of those feelings reach in grab all that color take it out and hold it in your hands in front of you make sure you get it all because sometimes that hides once you've got it all pull it in your hands and look.

At it notice did the color changes stay the same. First impression all right. If it stayed the same grade if it changed color fine what did it change too now notice it's moving it's spinning in a certain direction what directions it's spinning. I want you to grab it with both of your hands.

I want you to play with the direction it's spinning until you find the direction that makes it even better that makes it exactly what you want instead when you find that new. Direction. I want you to spin it like a wheel in that direction and double the spin double the speed double the force double the magnitude keep doubling it over and over and over again until it takes on a life of its own until it's impossible for it to go back the way it was when you know you've got it slam it back into that spot all right. Notice the change notice it's gone notice as this new program works its way deeper and deeper and deeper into your body any program any belief any memory any experience that's not in harmony with this new set of instructions your neurology is going to begin to shed it's going to begin to purge like a snake shedding its skin like old software being uninstalled by newer better more powerful software there's no.

Need to measure it manage it or make it happen faster just notice that process taking place allow it to install itself completely when you know it's done tested try to bring the old feeling back try to turn the new feeling off notice what happens instead many times this new program works its way deeper and deeper and deeper into your neurology your body goes through all kinds of interesting changes. Revelations. Transformations some people break out in the sweat some people laugh some people yawn some people cry some people twitch some people get sweaty all over and warm and tingly some people just feel waves of emotion coming up. However your body does it it's just your neurology resetting itself it's just the emotional detox there's no.

Need to measure it manage it or make it happen faster just notice that process taking place allow it to run its course completely and when you know it's done test it try to bring the old feeling back try to turn the new feeling off and notice what happens instead when you're done when you're done testing look. Up here notice how good you feel okay. Jax has a question what do you got well one thing when. I was um doing uh writing one of the biggest things that came up was what sleep.

I'm getting is not restorative. But it's a way to disassociate okay. And. So that's one thing.

I spun that and my depression and uh it feels better it feels more peaceful now. So thank you you're welcome well good well done now you know where to start right. That's the best part one of the things you can tell that when you're when you're on a genuine path of um healing is as you go through the the mechanics of whatever technique you're doing with you will either spontaneously have a revelation or an understanding of that event that is different from the previous one or you will end up with it. So it either happened as an act as a byproduct of the process or it leads directly to that.

Revelation that's how you know you've got a good intervention is that you have these spontaneous changes in how you think about the old problem okay. It or it goes and it goes emotionally flat. So um anybody else there's. Jake keeps getting bounced anybody else have anything they want to share or um yes.

I do. I gotta. I can't figure out how to raise my hand sorry about that um when we were going through the process. I started getting like um the.

First step. I started getting like real emotional. I felt like if. I can't see the picture anything.

But it felt like um like. I wanted to break down and cry good. But my body wasn't letting me it was like it was resisting letting go and. Then.

I looked at the picture again it's like part of the picture that was kind of faded. But part of the picture was still there it kind of released a little bit of that. But. I didn't feel like good feeling it's almost kind of like um like it's still wanting to process like it's not done processing no.

It's it's some of these things will especially if they're really dense they'll take a little bit longer to dissolve. So just let it go and let it happen okay. Yeah. I may experience more throughout days yeah yeah one the one thing.

I'll tell you. I'll tell you this one. Story. Once.

Upon a. Time. I was doing a meet-up and um. I did the spinning technique with a bunch of people and.

I was going around the group and everybody was telling me their experiences and. I got to this one lady and she goes. I don't feel anything. I don't feel anything.

I didn't feel anything and. I could tell. I knew it was going on. But.

I didn't want to say anything. So. I said okay. Well you just uh you just let it happen or not let it happen whatever happens happens some people get it some people don't and.

I started going past her and about three and about three or four people passed her she said no. Sudden she goes oh my. God it happened and what had happened was she was concentrating. So hard on looking for the result that she actually blocked it because she saw me questioning people and she was looking for something to report and she blocked it and the minute.

I passed her and was on it the pressure was off the defenses went down and the program engaged and it came up right. And another another time. I had a guy. I did a session with him and a week.

Later. I went in to do another session with him and he says you know after our. Last session. I really didn't feel a whole lot and.

Then about four days. Later everything changed well right. And and. So the one thing.

I learned is that the techniques work. But the one thing. I can't predict is how your system is going to process and how long it's going to take to do that the vast majority of people really quick. But every now and.

Then there's this really dense especially if you've got a lot of resistance to to letting things go right. If you're if you've trained yourself that it's not safe to be vulnerable. Then the moment that vulnerability starts to manifest you'll you'll stuff it back down. So one of the biggest things that we have to do as healers is we have to create a place that's safe for people to feel like they can do that and and vent and release and that's that's not always the easiest thing to do especially in an online chat room where you're surrounded by your family of thousands of people you've never hundreds of people you've never actually met you know um.

So it it's. But whatever whatever you're doing and again if you're getting some degree of movement just either give it time or just keep doing it and just keep check chipping away at it because the one thing. I see over and over again is it's repetition that wins the day if you watch the early. YouTube videos when.

I bring people up they don't get off the stage until it's zeroed out right. I don't let them go because they think after a couple of passes that's as good as it's going to get no. Right. So.

So should. I not worry about that picture that was still a little bit there. But kind of face details. I wouldn't worry about it at all because it's your picture right.

And. So. But if you know it's it's partial and you need to get rid of it or you want to get rid of it go back and repeat the process and you may be one of these people that moves in small increments like. First.

First time you do it maybe a quarter of the picture goes away okay. Second time you do it another quarter goes away or it's an eighth as long as you keep getting forward movement on it just keep going right. If you stop getting forward movement on it change the technique okay. Okay.

All right. Makes sense thank you uh uh anybody else okay. So what we're going to do now is we're going to start framing all of our stuff right. So we're going to break up once again into groups of three and you're going to take turns guiding each other through the.

Magic. Frame process. So once again let's let's just walk through it if you want to take real quick bullet points you can do that you ask the person if it's okay. To get rid of it is there any reason why they might want to keep it point to where they feel it reach out touch the picture trace the outline with both of your hands.

So you know how big it is put a frame around it white or black in the image out write the lessons shrink it down to the size of a postage stamp move it behind you nail it back there scan your body notice how different you feel and. Then if there's residual either spin it or color breathe it. But we'll get to those two techniques in a minute um. I don't know if this is an old message.

But it says. Bruce has a question does. Bruce have a question or is that just an old message. I.

I had a question yes. Royce uh. So the difference between the frame game and the magic frame is frame game is the basically the same thing. But on a positive really feel good thing just to give them an experience the frame game is actually there's a lot to it the frame.

Game actually teaches you how to map out how the the proprioceptive have a proprioceptive nervous system in the body. Maps out the meaning of certain things anything in the forward let me let me show you this really quick it's probably easier if. I just show you the diagram uh pardon me for taking along with this uh insult programming your future clearing your past here we go okay. Can you guys see that yes.

Okay. What you're seeing here is a map of the frame game or what we call the proprioceptive grid anything in the forward hemisphere of your body hold on a. Second uh uh where's my little draw thingy anything out here is a file that's open active and running okay. When we take that file and we move it behind us especially the further back we go the nervous system recodes it has closed over and complete okay.

Just like when an image is out here and we start moving it closer it gets more intense did you guys notice when you move the picture closer to your body the volume went up that keeps happening until you become associated with the issue once it passes the bound the physical boundaries of the body it's now like you're seeing it through your own eyes. You may have experienced that when you wrapped it around you like a big blanket do you notice how the feeling was now you are now in it as opposed to just observing it or experiencing it from a distance. Then what happens is as you pass through this this axis here you start moving back into dissociation and disidentification and now the nervous system recodes the experience as close done or complete okay. That's what you did with the frame.

Game and. I didn't tell you what meanings to make you discovered that on your own as a byproduct of just doing the exercise. So this is how you know if you go to train with. NLP or whatever they'll tell you that that shouldn't be possible there shouldn't be a way for every single person in a room to have the exact same experience doing the exact same thing or as close to the exact same appearance and it's because there's there's.

So they're they're they're. Ultra focused on the fact that each of us use our nervous system differently well that's true enough to be true. But there's two levels to that there's the system you come in think about your computer or your your cell phone right. When you get a computer and you boot up that computer off the assembly line provided they're all from the same company it's the same operating system it's the same sets of codes being active.

But the longer you use that computer the more personalized it becomes to you you start moving your desktop icons around you delete certain ones you add them you create shortcuts you do all of these things. But underneath all of those modifications that you made is that original operating system. NLP classical. NLP spends most of its time dealing with the operating system you developed rather than the one you came in with.

I focus on the thing that's true for all humans not the things that are different. So we call that the primary operating system because it works on everybody with a pulse with very very few distinctions right. So that's why. I can do whole groups like this and there's very little people who don't have a predictable result the the three biggest factors.

I've seen in in this particular aspect of the system is you're either a concentrator or an expander what does that mean you make the picture bigger if you're an expander it gets stronger if you're a concentrator you make the picture bigger it gets weaker it gets it gets more diffused whereas if you shrink it down it gets more intense there's nothing wrong with either one of those it's just knowing which one you are and which one you do. So you can work with your own system more efficiently while some people one of the things. I've noticed though is that interestingly is that while some people have varying degrees of effect with expansion and contraction almost nobody fails to respond to proximity moving it closer to your body and and that's what's interesting is that you would think that bringing a clip if if that same operating system where some people expand and it gets stronger and some people expand it it gets weaker you would have a similar process with with proxy. But it doesn't work that way in in the vast majority of cases there's exceptions to every rule.

But they're exceptions for a reason right. So again. I don't waste my time on low percentage technique. I don't have time to play 20 questions.

I want someone that's going to go right. To the heart of the problem and. I can start manipulating and and modifying to get change the frame. Game allows us to do that really really quick because it moves us through all the different possibilities of the proprioceptive grid and it allows us to link up calibrate and convince them that there's a there's changes happening right.

And. I can gauge how much compliance how much emotional responsiveness do you have everything in just a couple of minutes. But if you keep doing these drills over time your nervous system will become more and more plastic you'll be able to move pictures and change those pictures easier and easier and easier and that allows you to have more and more control over the thoughts and the beliefs and the memories and how you've recorded and coded them. So the more you do this in a fun playful way the more flexible and adaptable and.

Powerful the system becomes most of us are dealing with neural apathy we're our atrophy we have these things have been on default and autopilot and we haven't taken an imaginative control of them. So they take a little while to warm up. So one of the things that's cool is with the frame. Game and with flexing the the picture that kind of flexes the nervous system and kind of warms it up you ever have a door that's stuck like it's maybe it's rusted stuck and what do you do you start you start wiggling it right.

You start working it free and working it. Loose that's what the frame. Game does. But it's also what make make sure we got the right.

One make it bigger make it smaller the more. I move this around the more. I'm wiggling the door and waking the system up if. I only do it once in a while that's what.

I get. But if. I do it constantly every day for months after a few months or hitting anything. I can't change right.

Because we've developed self-directed neuroplasticity right. Hold on a. Second here all right. I'm having trouble reading the chats for some reason all right.

Um anybody else have questions before. I break you guys up and zap stuff. So now you may notice that when you go to get rid of stuff oh hi it's. Doug.

Stacy um. May notice when you go to get rid of stuff that there's residual if there is um take it out and spin it or you can color breathe it ask your nervous system what color it is what color would make it go away and give you what you want instead and use that. But we're going to do all three because that's part of the training. Stacy what's your question um.

I haven't the grid was hope thankful if. I'm doing mediumship what. I'm. I'm looking at is maybe using this technique to help clear the after effects sometimes that tend to get stuck.

So seeing the grid. I'm thinking maybe. I'm getting some of the person who's passed away pushing their their experience into my field and again. I'm feeling a lot of it sometimes and a lot of it's not really.

Pleasant. So could. I use the same technique to like shrink it down flip it behind me and nail it back can. I do that same thing yes.

But mediumship is very dangerous because more often than not what you're getting in contact with is what in the. Dallas systems we call the the. PO body or the yin body the true spirit and soul of the person has ascended what's left is their power their animal corporeal shell and it has all their memories and stuff like that. But it's also hungry and.

So it sees you as a food source. So sometimes that doesn't want to leave yep. So what you need to do hold on a. Second what you need to do is you need to connect with the.

Divine call your. Guardians fill yourself full of. Divine. Light and.

Then do this process has it uh you know. Surrender. Your. Will to.

Divine. Providence and expel those ghosts like really increase your. Radiance it'll increase your. Radiance give you more authority over these things um and because your intention is to banish them um they have to go okay.

So does that mean that if somebody comes back and wants to talk to that same family member. I'm not going to be able to do that no. No. Because you're a food source ah okay.

That's honestly. I mean. I'm glad to hear it. But that's a little terrifying to hear.

But well again one of the things that my teacher taught me is there's no. Such thing as a happy ghost right. If you want to talk to someone who's departed just go up they're there the soul is up there. But if you're bringing things into your body that's not spirits and souls that's not.

Souls those are those are the the yin shell the goo the ghosts right. And you can get information. But there's nothing's free well. I.

I like pushed upon me like their experience yeah that's a ghost that's ghost feeding that's the ghost okay. All right. Cool mediumship is a bit again. I'm not trying to scare you.

But it's a little bit more dangerous because you're my favorite thing yeah you're you're you you one of the things. I learned is yeah a lot of people invite spirits and especially. Shaman do this. But.

But nobody who really understands how to connect with the. Vine um invites these things in right. But if you're gonna do that. Then you've got to have some serious bouncers for when people don't behave right.

Yeah most of the time. I can just um forcefully gets them to go. But. I've had a couple instances especially when they've died in gnarly way that there's been like hang time and it's been really hard to shake off yeah change your posture change your breathing uh immerse yourself in running water dude you're pulling down the heavens three implications and you're one through ten and.

Then if you want to work with the grid part you can. So do the grid part after all that yeah after you've after you've plugged in. Connected empowered yourself now anything you do is going to be 10 times more powerful actually maybe even more than that because you're connecting to source awesome thank you. So much uh.

Jake yeah. I was gonna ask is it possible that whether the feelings get stronger if you expand or make it small it can differ depending on particular feeling you're thinking of or is it just. I can't really tell the difference between for the most people it's pretty much one or the other. I have.

I have met a couple of people that the coding system shifted a little bit as the the subject shifted which. I found interesting. But. But very rare yeah yeah like there's exceptions to every rule.

But it's the rule that makes things useful yeah it's just the things when. I tried it they didn't really change too much. So it was hard to tell sometimes when all right. If if that's the case you may want to practice breaking up the insulation he froze up on me.

Jake the ghost got you oh no. He's locked out he'll he'll be back he's been out okay. Uh anybody else before we a lot of talk in the chat here that. I can't read.

But um can we get a bullet point list in the chat perhaps. David it's uh let me go ahead and share my screen and. Then. I know you guys want bullet points.

But the minute you go into your room you're not going to have it. So. I tried to find uh find it in the manual. But it's a blank page you're right.

Because there's a specific way that we teach you to do this stuff that doesn't involve bullet points uh we tell you in an identity by. Design we actually teach you to storyboard all of your um all of your techniques. So that it's graphically represented rather than linguistically represented explain because your your optic system is actually um 12 times faster than your linear it's actually way faster than that. But just to give you a ratio it's like a 12 to 1 speed rate and whereas the auditory system which is what your note taking comes from is a sub vocalization it's a linear system whereas visual system visual programming is simultaneous.

So you're going to point to where you feel it actually you're going to make sure it's okay. To get rid of it point to where you feel it. Reach. Out.

And. Touch. It make sure you got the right. One put a frame around it white or blacken out the image write the lessons get down move it behind you nail it back there notice the difference notice the change actually try to bring it back notice what happens instead open your eyes.

Notice how different you feel there you go thank you just for clarity. David we're going to be working this time on set we want to get rid of yep. So that could be like a physical feeling or yeah it doesn't matter physical or emotional or mental no. It doesn't matter that's the beauty of these techniques it doesn't matter if it's a physical issue or an emotional one your body tends to process them all the same way and they're they're coded from the same thing.

So this this intervention will work on all of it. So if it's an emotional thing like something that triggers an emotion in you a negative emotion would you think about a time where you were experiencing that and and. Then allow the feeling to come in that way like if it was like jealousy or anger and you want it isn't a regression technique this we're not doing this in a regression we could do that to make it even more comprehensive. But right.

Now we just need to get the basic technique if you know if you can isolate a body feeling you've got everything you need to unpack it yeah don't overthink it there's lots of things we could add to this. But this is the basic technique okay. And. I didn't even put the languaging in here because um you know this is more than more more uh written instruction than.

I'd give most people. So. I'm spoiling you cool all right. All right.

Um that being said breakout rooms recreate and thank you. David. I feel blessed you're welcome all right. Go play did the invites go out.

I didn't get anything. I didn't get anything there it is. I'm good. Zoom just doesn't like me you've had you've had some rough you've been having a rough uh.

I don't know like anytime. I do like more than two things in. Zoom it just crashes on me everything it's not your connection or your your system it's definitely a system all right. All right.

Um do the best you can your energy is changing. So you're with the. Machinery you're following in my footsteps brother well when you put it that way it's never dull. I'll guarantee you that all right.

Go play. I didn't get it. I think it wasn't in in time for the all right. Hold on a.

Second uh uh let me see who needs a person. I'm gonna give you the. Moss just because. I can.

I love us actually. Shannon's not in either. Rebecca you're not in either do you need a do you need to be put in a room. Rebecca are you in the room are you uh no.

I can't you can't no. Sorry. I like wow like. I can't even focus on anything right.

Now are you processing yeah well. I'm in the chat. I tried to do a low number thing something else took. Over and it's like just.

I got the color it exploded. I can't get my hands on it. I can't get my head around it it's just everywhere okay. Um you want to just process that on your own or you want some help with it.

I don't know all right. Well you let me know when you're ready one way or the other okay. I'm right. Here if you need me uh let me put you.

Jake let me go ahead and put you in room three all right. Thank you actually. I might put you in uh. I might put you in room one because.

Shannon didn't join. So hey. David nice. I'm back in here um.

Alex the the guy you put me in with um he had to make a phone call. So he wasn't able to practice and. I think it was just me and him in there. So if you could send me to a new group please he said he'd be out for like a couple minutes.

So all right. Uh let me let me go back because. I can't see half the people talking to me hold on a. Second oh um.

Saturday double mastermindies uh oh there you are all right. Hold on a. Second let me uh let me find a room for you thank you. So much [Music] thank you.

I think she's in one yeah room one [Music]. So you said. Alex's gone. I think is what he said all right.

Well. Then we'll just move him to main session. Rebecca is not there. So let me look.

I have to move a bunch of people around foreign [Music] is asking how did. I discover color breathing color breathing was something that. I distilled um from my training with. Brent.

Bauman holographic memory resolution [Music] um. But. I had to distill it out of color breathing or out of out of the. HMR system um.

I realized it was what. I call a major engine of transformation. So all right. How's everybody hanging with us out in uh.

YouTube land you guys good. I'm gonna go ahead since uh. I didn't see a lot of people jump into the chat. I'm gonna go ahead and um.

I'm gonna go ahead and delete that link from the. YouTube channel foreign all right. Foreign foreign hey guys if new people show up please uh bring them up to speed on the exercise some of you uh are a little bit more experienced. So.

I'm kind of overloading you with uh people. So moving through the exercises as quickly as possible make sure everybody gets a chance to do the exercises this is. David over and out. So.

Taylor's asking will it enhance our nervous system or plasticity if we only practice the one feeling or do we need to use different feelings testing with one feeling is fine until you learn the exercise. Then it behooves you to work as many different feelings as possible uh. God by one and. Andy.

Godby says don't delete link which link are we talking about huh which again guys which link are we talking about do you know how. I can achieve that chat on. YouTube you know that is a great question um my my intuition is if we do a replay that the chat will post alongside of it um well what. I did guys was um for a for a brief time and.

I actually went longer than. I said. I would. I made the the zoom link for the private session public.

So people who joined the diamond level during the broadcast could actually get into the zoom room. But not many people actually use that link and. I can't keep it up because. I don't know who's going to come in and that could put in if they're not.

Diamond members and they don't they shouldn't be there um it could be disruptive to the class. So. I did delete the zoom link if you're currently members or if you joined the diamond level today message me or or email me privately or something and. I will see about uh getting you that link or at the very least um hook.

You guys up with the replay for today because it's going to be it's an eight hour replay oh yeah you can still watch have you guys been enjoying have you guys been enjoying the the training seeing how we do things type for me because again. I don't get much time with you guys. But hey. Rebecca oh that's a nice ring hello there thanks thanks okay.

So actually mean to pop into a room. I had a hard time with the. Last one. I think uh.

I think we're in the main. Zoom room. I believe. So yeah this is maybe.

I'm mistaken okay. I think. David's floating around checking on the the breakout room. So he's not in the main room at the moment.

But this is oh. I went to the main room and yeah. So. So.

Rebecca is it okay. If. I if. I just talk to you and and try to try to help you out some with with your your emotions and stuff like that sure um.

So um. So. I'm curious you said that you were having like a an emotional tsunami right. Um and and did that come up with after after doing what process um.

Okay. So. I'm trying to focus this is my. First time in trying to really immerse myself and everything and and you know follow the directions go into a trance and there's something very loud going on in my house during the.

Magic. Frame time. So even though when. I was supposed to yeah.

I was supposed to you know find something that was a low intensity number um just this whole like lack of control and irritation that. I couldn't focus just kind of brought this huge wave of me not being able to control my atmosphere and my. I get bombarded a lot because of my job and it was just like this whole huge thing just just. Wham and.

I control got like. I framed it. I got the color and when. I tried to take it out it was just like boom and couldn't get my hands around it couldn't get my head around it.

I don't know how else to describe it. So. So how does how does it. So on a scale of of one to ten it was you said it was a 12 earlier and stop yeah.

I know what you're about to do stop. I'm just. I'm just asking questions that's all you don't make me kick you. I'm.

I'm just asking questions. David. I felted coming. I was yeah all right.

All right. So where are we at folks what happened would you notice what'd you learn sure one at a time raise your hands. I know it's exciting to raise my yellow hand all right. Yeah go ahead.

Jackson um yeah. I was uh feeling kind of melancholic when. I got done with the. Second one um.

I keep getting these epiphanies today thank you you're welcome well that's again remember a lot of times the things that we need to heal aren't what we expect yeah you know and that's that's the thing that. I've you know from doing thousands and thousands and thousands of sessions the one thing is you just got to be you got to be grateful for whatever comes up even if it seems like a heinous thing at. First right. It's that's what that had to happen.

So you could continue to heal question yeah is there a way to fix my memory. So that. I can remember these. I'm you know it's been five years and.

I'm still writing it down and. I mean. I know a lot of this stuff. I can do it on myself.

So beautifully. But. I still have a hard time with other people even though. I know everybody and.

I. I do well. But sometimes um. I'm not sure what's causing the memory issues you can overcome anything with training okay.

So. I would get the book. Moonwalking with. Einstein kind of a fun book.

It's about the mnemonic. Olympics um and it has some really good memory techniques in there um if if you're dealing with a lot of adrenal fatigue stress worry that will negatively impact memory. So you need to spend more time rejuvenating and building up your kidney. Jing and your kidney energy your sea of marrow.

So you got to tonify the blood um and. So breathing and meditation like real rejuvitative quiescent meditation is probably going to be good um the daoist five or um six healing sounds will help it'll. Purge. But it won't help you tonify.

So we need to get you some kind of um a brain tonifying exercise that won't lead to an excess condition which. I'm not sure that. I have one of those except for microcosmic orbit there's some sound meditations that you can do that will stimulate the brain. But there's still sound meditations which tends to purge more than it tonifies.

So the microcosmic the microcosmic orbit is is pretty much taught in every. Qigong system known to man okay. So um when you build energy in the lower. Don 10 if you bring it up to the brain and you imagine a filling your brain with white light and and and just nourishing and rejuvenating the brain with white light that will start to help.

But when you're done you need to bring that energy back down and lower and lock it into your lower dantian yes. Sir and. Then circulate when in doubt circulate okay. Remember the emphasis for most most things is going to be purging and.

Then regulating regulating means tonifying uh uh sedating tonifying sedating tonifying purging the crap putting it in and. Then balancing it not not generating an excess of energy okay. Um. But.

I think you should probably you know while you can do these other neuroplastic type exercises. I think you want to start doing learning actual techniques that will streamline and enhance your memory okay. There's other things we could do. But they they're kind of there's too many of them and they take too long to explain what the time that we have.

Fair keep on and and for us to keep on our on our curriculum for today okay. Thank you okay. Um a couple different experiences the. First experience.

I got really hot which is kind of normal the heat thing right. And the. Second experience the feeling got stronger when. I shrunk it down instead of expanding it which was different than the.

First experience. So my question is is it not unusual that you could process things and um that it could be different not always the same shrunk no. It's absolutely possible it's absolutely in fact. I said that before this exercise when.

I was when. I was having a conversation with everybody before it's rare. But it happens right. I need that.

But my. I guess my real question was is it um is it should a person cross should with their body normally process everything the same by like like every picture the bigger it would get stronger or every picture the smaller it would get stronger. I just thought it was weird that it was different for me in the two different sometimes weird things happen one of the things what's important is can you work with the process in other words if you're used to things make you know pictures getting bigger and making them more intense and all of a sudden when you make it smaller it gets more intense when you go the opposite way do you get the inverse effect and if you don't can't as you manipulate the metaphor what changed or how does the new system work right. Now and keep playing with that system until you find the setting that gives you the result that you want right.

That's actually the most important piece it's not whether you expand or contract or if all of a sudden halfway through a process or in one particular instance that that coding system flips what matters is how are you working with that metaphor how are you working with those those controls and as long as you can do that it doesn't really matter what is the norm you just fix you just work with that particular construct as it is until you get something you want that's kind of what. I did. I was it kind of caught me off guard when it did it. I was just like wait a minute and.

So. I did stretch it back out to see if it would change the feeling that it did yeah you did exactly what. Richard bandler would say is superior thinking we said well wait a minute this is different. So what happens when.

I do it this way oh that happens what happens when. I do this oh that happens right. And that's exactly what you should be doing. I give you generalizations that are true most of the time.

But every now and. Then you're going to get surprised right. And the idea is it's okay. To be surprised just don't be stubborn don't you know if if you've been doing something a certain way for a long period of time and.

Then you find an exception to the rule don't insist that that part is wrong because it's different work with it as it is until you can turn it into something else figure out how it does it and you'll always get what you want. I didn't know if it had anything to do with my body having a stronger resistance or something in a way because it changed on me like that it could be. But as long as you can work with it you can change it that's the secret right. You know if we knew everything about us we wouldn't have half the problems we're having you know.

So much. So much of of this process guys is. Discovery and experimentation the good thing is is you have a a hard set of principles that are defund the foundations of every variation out there because you understand that you can play with it and make change because the foundations don't change. But the expression of them does and that's okay.

You know he's still going to be a visual auditory kinesthetical factoring gustatory data imprinted in a vibrational. Matrix that's being represented to you symbolically as a metaphor. But everything else can can change as as each memory changes and as long as you're willing to experiment and play with it you can change it that makes sense okay. Excellent anybody else psynots raising their hand what's your question hello hello welcome uh uh.

So my question. I think based on the conversation as that. I've only the small small snippet. I've been a part of.

I don't think. I would. I can ask it without it being way off track. So.

I'm going to try my best um. I. I are my better than best. I um.

I'm wondering if. I want to open up a new funnel for like. So. I have my music.

I have my um like let's. I don't know if this this is not a funnel because. I'm not bringing people into what. I'm doing.

But like. I have my music and. Then. I have.

I want to open up a v-tubing thing using this as my avatar no. Okay. It's off right. Now it's offline.

But um my. V tuber is like a um. AI. Avatar generated um and.

So. I want to start funneling people into that how do. I hold the space for something like that to to happen. I don't um how do.

I like let people come into that and and be able to let them be. However they are and me be able to have my phone at the same time and not want to change the stupidity that. I can see sometimes well. First of all one of the things that has to happen is you have to know what you want to do with your funnel you have to know what the people you're presenting that information to actually want and you need to make sure there's a match after that one of the things you're going to have to do is put it in front of those people and understand that a lot of the a lot of the environment and the culture and community that you're going to create is going to come from selectively allowing certain comments through and letting others out because because of the negativity bias inherent in every human being and the insane desire for attention you're going to tend to attract a lot more negative comments than you will positive ones at least at.

First and especially and that changes depending on what the niche is that you're focusing on same right. Well again gaming might be is is a really powerful. I don't know what the troll the troll to cool coolness ratio is um. But the idea is um let the positive comments through let legitimate questions or people sharing their experiences through.

But when you detect that somebody's agenda is to actually just attack and get your attention through negative arguments and things of that nature weed them out don't let them right. And what will happen yeah and what will happen is over time when people go to read to go to watch your content and they read the comments and how you're responding to them it will actually. Prime them when they want to interact with you to interact in the same emotional. Vector if you go back and you look.

At the comments on my channel. I would say at least eight eighty to ninety percent of all the comments. I get are positive right. And it's not because.

I'm just letting the positive comments through anymore it's because. I've created a culture where people are coming in and they're seeing what's acceptable and what's not and it's changing how they think about how they want to get responded to when. I. First started it wasn't that way.

I was you know especially because. I was using very controversial topics dating seduction romance things that are just very very emotionally charged lie detection. I'm you know anything to do with in with um you know influence or lie detection caps into a much different psychographic than people who are looking for advanced spiritual practices or energetics or things of that and. So the inherent bias to fear negativity and mistrust was off the charts and if you let that run rampant remember that emotions are contagious if people see what you're letting throw or as is often the case how you're responding to those people that primes them to behave a long in a similar vein the prime symptoms and behave in that way.

So the people we attract are largely because of the shepherding that. I've and the energy that. I put out. But also the way.

I handle with people on the on the comment sections and the and the chats of the. YouTube right. But every now and. Then you're gonna get somebody who's just trying to troll you uh to get your attention any way they can and throw you into an argument or into a conflict and people are watching they're watching what's triggering you they're watching how you're responding and depending on how much animosity and reactants you generate into people reading those comments they'll pitch in because they want attention.

But they also you know get get sucked into the emotions of things. So in terms of of um your funnel what do you want what are the people you who are the people you're seeking you know to use a market it's a target audience yeah what's your avatar right. Yeah and and within that. Avatar are there sub niches that you you focus on and cater to those people thank you one of the cool things you can do is you can go to your like your local.

AI and you can do things like whatever what are the what are people's biggest complaints about breakfast. X game and do content on that and yeah that'll suck people in and. Then you give them. Solutions and you point in.

Pursuit and you can become a real a real strong um advisor on how to beat certain problems and stuff like that. But it gives you ideas for. Content sure sure thank you sir you're welcome my pleasure all right. Um anybody else okay.

Let's go on to our. Next technique our. Next technique is since we we started with that let's just go ahead and do spinning. So when we do spinning the same basic idea and.

Then again you don't need to use my words to get the effect in fact. I recommend you don't use my words until you're confident enough and and certain enough in the mechanics of what's going on to uh to walk through it without fancy language because if you can't get the effect using language a. Third grader would understand no. Amount of hypnotic language patterning is going to do that for you that makes any kind of sense everything starts with.

Kim coughing and [Laughter] all right. I love you all it's okay. All right. So uh everything starts with once again is it okay.

To get rid of it is there any reason why you might want to keep it if you just remember to always begin every process with another human being with that simple compound sentence you're going to know exactly what to do and when to do it is it is it okay. To get rid of it is there any reason why you might want to keep it watch their face if they answer anything. But a resounding congruent yes. You hit him with the frame.

First even if it doesn't completely eradicate it it's going to put a massive dent in it now when you go to frame things. I'm going to give you guys a little bit of a more troubleshooting every now and. Then you think you're going after. Bambi and you get.

Godzilla right. And sometimes it doesn't come up right. Away sometimes it comes up while they're writing. So they point to where they feel it they reach out they touch it they do this they frame it they start writing the lessons and all of a sudden this big.

Monster's turretive emotion comes welling up from. God knows where they start to they start to cry they start their nose starts to run sometimes their nose bleeds all kinds of crazy stuff can happen here's the secret keep them writing let me repeat that keep them writing as long as those fingers are moving the nervous system is venting and expressing that emotional charge their healing. But it's just like when you get food poisoning and you tried and you and you want to be tough and you don't want to. You're.

Gonna you're. I'm not gonna throw up and you're sick for three days whereas if you just taken a moment giving yourself permission to vomit you begun you'd be okay. In a couple hours it's the same idea when we're writing this we're giving the nervous system away to vent the emotional charge extract the lessons and keep everything that needs to be kept. But a lot of times there's a there's a there's a a reservoir behind us expression and it's going to come out the cry the laugh they'll yawn they'll choke their twitch they'll yawn you name it whatever is happening the fastest way to hurt them is to let them stop keep them writing be encouraging hold the space for them.

But keep them writing until they're done okay. Once they're done shrink it down move it behind them let the energy. Fade. Away scan their body whatever is residual now you go into spinning or you go into color breathing okay.

Um. I am. I because of you know something that happened at the the previous exercise. I'm gonna do something really quick for you guys and we're going to do this as a group just to have it.

So if you're driving or operating machinery don't do this um if you are in a place where you can pull off put the car in park turn off the engine put the parking brake on where you won't get killed by somebody you know t-boning you or whatever you're in a good place. I want you to put your feet flat on the floor close your eyes. Take a deep breath in and let that breath out with a sigh deeper and deeper. With.

Every. Breath. You. Take and every beat of your heart.

I just want you to relax let go listen to the sound of my voice any sounds that you hear other than the sounds of my voice or simply the sounds of our natural environment they're not going to disturb you or distract you in any way in fact all they're going to do is signal you remind you reinforce inside your mind body and soul the fact that you're completely safe that no. Matter how far inside you travel no. Matter how deep inside you go you will always always always be able to hear my words follow my instructions and obey my commands because you realize that everything. I say and everything.

I do is for you to give you the life and the lifestyle that you want the way that you want it by your standards and your definitions now in a moment not yet. But in just a moment. I'm going to ask you to focus all of your attention on the lids of your eyes. I'm going to ask you to begin to relax those tiny muscles in your eyelids.

I want you to just keep relaxing relax them more and more and more until they're. So relaxed they just don't want to work anymore. So they're. So relaxed in fact you couldn't actually open them without putting tension back into them and when you know you've got them that relaxed.

So relaxed they just don't want to work anymore all. I want you to do is give them a little test just to be sure and when you're satisfied stop testing allow that level of relaxation to flow from the top of your head all the way down down to the tips of your toes deeper and deeper. With. Every.

Breath. You. Take. Every.

Beat of your heart just let go now in a moment not yet. But in just a moment. I'm going to ask you to begin to relax your mind just as deeply as we've been relaxing your body we're going to do that in a very special way in a moment not yet. But in just a moment.

I'm going to ask you to begin to imagine the alphabet backwards starting with the letter z with each and. Every. Breath. You.

Take and each and every beat of your heart starting with the letter z all. I want you to do is relax those letters completely out of your mind allow them if you will to become smaller and darker harder to see turn the volume all the way down down deeper and deeper down down now obviously. I can't do this for you my friends only you can allow this to happen and when you know they're gone. Andrew is deeply relaxed in your mind as you are in your body all.

I want you to do is allow your head to nod with honest unconscious movements to let me know and we'll continue with the. Next part of our process drifting dreaming floating smaller darker harder to see turning the volume all the way down down deeper and deeper down down perfect now in a moment not yet. But in just a moment. I'm going to ask you to do something interesting for me.

I'm curious about something. I'm wondering. I'm wondering if you could imagine a place place that was. So positive.

So joyful. So nurturing nourishing protective forgiving safe a place that was. So safe positive and protective in every conceivable way that no. Negativity of any kind could exist there for even a fraction of a.

Second without being immediately vaporized or turned into its opposite. I'm curious. I'm wondering if you could imagine what a place like that might be like. I always curious what might you see when you're in that place what might you hear what might you smell what might you taste is when you do that when you're in that place and you see what you see and you hear what you hear and you smell and you taste what you smell and you taste there's an amazing wonderful feeling that you get feeling that lets you know you are truly safe and.

I'd like you to become aware that there's a place in your body for those amazing feelings start where they grow or they spread from take a moment point to where you feel that and look. At it with your inner eyes. I'd like you to notice that there's a color maybe even a series of colors connected to those amazing feelings. I'm always curious.

I'm wondering what color or colors that might be for you. First impression and whatever they are. I'd like you to imagine a beautiful ball of that energy floating above your head. I'd like you to notice how the feelings in your body shift and change as.

With. Every. Breath. You.

Take and every beat of your heart that ball of energy begins to grow begins to expand begins to fill the entire room from floor to ceiling from wall to wall and all points in between notice how it wraps itself around you like an amazing blanket of safety protection a cocoon a shield a suit of armor insulating you protecting you from all negativity all threats real or imagined while at the same time flooding your mind flooding your body flooding your spirit with everything it most wants everything it most needs in an infinite ever expanding and. Unlimited. Supply and when you know you've got that breathe those amazing colors through your entire being let it fill you up like water fills up a bottle like fluid fills up a test tube like hot air helium fills up a balloon anchor it in. So fully.

So completely no. Force in the universe can turn it off or take it away not even you and when you realize it's true test it try to turn it off try to make it go away try to imagine somebody else trying to take it away and notice what happens instead and when you're satisfied stop testing allow that energy to spread through your entire being into every nerve and every cell and every atom into the very. DNA of those cells transforming reprogramming turning each and every cell of your body into a powerful. Perpetual protection.

Factory each cell of your body generating more and more and more of this protective forgiving safe facilitating healing energy in an ins ever increasing. Unlimited. Supply now in a moment not yet. But in just a moment.

I'd like you to scan your body one more time. I'd like you to notice any place in your body where you sense or notice or you're holding on to any form of density or tightness or tension many times as we journey through this adventure called life we encounter situations and circumstances people places and events that violate our boundaries physically mentally emotionally that overwhelm us or take us by surprise in some less than positive unexpected way and what's interesting is that the. Universe and its. Infinite.

Wisdom built into each and every man woman and child a special system a safety system a survival system designed to go into operation in those times of overwhelm those times of violation and just like the old. Ghostbusters film where they would open a trap suck the ghost in and take that trap and put it in a bigger container in those moments of overwhelming those moments of being taken off guard or by surprise where you didn't know what to do or he didn't know how to fight back or didn't have the ability to fight back your unconscious mind reached up grabbed all those feelings and memories put them in a little box stuck that box in a bigger box we call your body and like an antivirus system quarantines a file that it'll get rid of. Later with the. Next software upgrade your neurology grabbed some stuff and held it in quarantine until the.

Next software upgrade could come in and armed and equipped with that new expertise that new technology you could help your system. Purge delete and dissolve those files from your mind body and soul forever and many times when our that that system activates and put goes into operation those little files that are quarantined at the different levels of our mind body and soul they take the form spots of density or tightness or tension and they're just sitting there waiting for the. Next software upgrade to come in and delete them from the system as you scan your body and you find those places of density or tightness or tension. I.

Want. You to. Breathe that all-powerful safe energy through those areas in an infinite ever expanding and. Unlimited.

Supply let it flow in and around and through those areas like hot water flowing over an ice cube notice how those areas begin to melt and dissolve away solve dissolved and resolved from your body solve dissolved and resolved from your mind for all the right. Reasons take all the time you need to let that dissolution that dissolving take place and in its place in its place in its place flows everything you most need and want and desire instead take all the time you need to let that transference that. So that dissolution and replenishment take place when you know it's done just nod your head to let me know and we'll continue with the. Next part of our process perfect now some of you are right.

With me in real time some of you are lagging behind because you process things a little bit slower there's more to process some of you know this process. So well you're actually ahead of me and. However you do it that's perfectly okay. Because as long as your unconscious mind has heard my words at its own pace at its own speed it can follow my instructions when you know everything's dissolved and gone away allow that energy the excess energy that's positive and healthy that's accumulated anywhere in your body to flow from your head to your heart and like a snow globe that's been shaken let that energy settle down from your heart into that space two inches behind your navel between your your back and your belly button like a little miniature.

Sun that just radiates warmth and safety forgiveness. Protection security and any time you want to anytime you need to anytime you're engaged in a process that has a huge emotional charge and it's almost and it's bordering on being overwhelming all you have to do is call up this amazing all-powerful safe energy breathe it through the affected area and just like a hot knife through butter like hot water flowing over an ice cube like a fan blowing away a fog that energy will start to dissolve and delete and flow out of your mind out of your body out of your spirit and in its place can flow everything you most need and want and desire instead in exactly the way you need and want and desire it instead for all the right. Reasons. So in a moment not yet.

But in just a moment. I'm going to count from one to five when. I reach the number five you can emerge from this process with this safe energy fully installed active and growing stronger and stronger and stronger every moment of every day from now until the end of time with. Every.

Breath. You. Take and every beat of your heart twice as strong as the time before number one feel yourself returning to this place we call reality bringing with you a much deeper one a much more empowered one an understanding. Where.

You. Are the god or goddess of your. Universe you're the king a queen of your reality and you have absolute. Divine permission and.

Authority to take to make any change you want for any reason that you want and have those changes expressed in the body the energy the spirit and the soul number two all of my suggestions from me to you from you to your own other than conscious mind are now 10 times more powerful a hundred times more permanent a thousand times more thrilling fulfilling and satisfying than ever before embraced held locked into that part of your mind body and soul that most wants desires can. Implement facilitate. Express these changes in all the ways that give you the life that you want the way that you want it by your standards and your definitions number three because there's always at least three ways to overcome any situation obstacle or circumstance that you may face there's always at least three solutions to any problem you need to solve in your all-powerful other than conscious mind well now easily effortlessly and automatically generate those. Solutions and.

Implement them in the quickest easiest most effective way for the good of yourself and are concerned number four because it's all for you you've done the work you followed the instructions you've obeyed the commands you've tested the results you've most certainly earned the rewards and the right. To keep them it's your reality it's your truth it's your life and you get to live it to the fullest starting now on the. Next count you can emerge from this process. Like a.

Phoenix. Rising. From the. Ashes like a butterfly emerging from a cocoon one phase of your transformation complete the.

Next phase the best phase just beginning ready to spread your wings take to the air is soar amongst the class experience life the universe and everything in it from a much higher place a more enlightened perspective head clear mind clear heart clear thinking feeling acting with self-assurance feeling good all over glad to be alive and ready to thrive number five take your time come on back notice how good you feel are we all feeling yummy. I love you. David love you too thank you all right. Why did we do this it's very simple every now and.

Then some shit's gonna come up that you weren't expecting or it was really strong every now and. Then you're gonna work with somebody who thinks they're going after. Bambi and. Godzilla in sheep's clothing right.

All you have to do in those moments seven point to where they feel it turn it into a color breathe this safe energy through it and it will start to take the edge off it'll start to make it move it back down to a work of sometimes it'll dissolve it completely other times it'll just cut it off at the knees and. Then you can go in and you can get more specific with the frequencies necessary to dissolve the rest of it either way having this resource in place before you do any interventions especially classical professional therapeutic interventions this is part of what we teach our healers right. But when you're in a line at. Starbucks at the airport safe place might not be you might not have the ability to not necessarily the physical ability you might have the opportunity to do that and it may take too long.

But because we're we have time and we're dealing we're dealing with a lot of clearing. I wanted you guys to have this installed. So that if you need it it's there right. Questions about the same this is called the safe place induction by the way this is my standard therapeutic induction now.

So any questions on it the replay of this session will be available to all diamond and. Mastermind members right. Um. I.

I don't know how long. I can keep the public version of this available. But at some point it will become protected content and only paying paying members will be able to access it. So if you.

Drea you got the you got the invite you're going to have access to the replay did that did you hear me yes. Thank you yeah all right. So. Second part of the transformational.

Triad point to where you feel it close your eyes. Look. At it now what. I like to do when.

I have them look. At it with their inner eyes. I have them do two things scale of zero to ten rate the intensity of the feelings notice there's a color connected to those feelings what's the color. First impression.

Then. I haven't physically reach in grab the end the color. I don't say grab the energy grab the color take it out and hold it in your hands in front of you make sure you get it all because sometimes that hides they often laugh. But they always find more right.

As you look. At it did the color changer stay the same. First impression does it matter what they say say no. Right.

It doesn't matter if the color changed or it didn't it's to keep them engaged and analyzing the imaginary construct right. This actually integrates the critical faculty into the process which is what makes it even stronger now notice it's moving it's spinning in a certain direction what directions it's spinning. First impression whatever they're gonna usually. I usually indicate it by this.

Then it's going this way actually grab it with both of your hands now the simplest thing to do is say make it the opposite of what it was and spin it the other way double the spin double the speed double the force double the magnet keep doubling it over and over and over again until it takes on a life of its own until it's impossible for it to go back the way it was when you know you've got it slam it back into that spot hold that space for them and. I like to say notice the change notice it's gone and. Then. I'll go into this whole litany notice how as this program works its way deeper and deeper and deeper into your system any program any belief any memory any experience that's not in harmony with this new set of instructions your neurology is going to begin to shed it's going to begin to purge like a snake shedding its skin like old software being uninstalled by new or better more powerful software there's no.

Need to measure it manage it or make it happen faster just notice the process taking place allow it to install itself completely and when you know it's done test it try to bring the old feelings back try to turn the new feelings off notice what happens instead do you need to say all that no. You don't need to just spin it put it in let me know when it's when it's completely locked in try to bring the old feeling back notice what happens instead and you hold that space for them okay. Most of us are doing this virtually. So a lot of times um what.

I'll do. I don't know you can't really see this because the way my camera is positioned. But a lot of times it'll do um you see you see my microphone here. I don't know if you can see that or not we'll pretend the microphone is my monitor right.

So a lot of times what. I'll do is when. I'm doing this. I'll actually get up out of my chair and.

I'll pretend that this is the person and where. I would put my hands over them. I would actually do that to the monitor. So.

I'm literally distance healing them uh the way. I would if. I were in person with them right. Do you need to do that no.

You can just go and the mirror neurons will pick it up. But you still hold that space and you got to let them know that you're there for them right. So. I've spun many many things through through.

Zoom through. Skype through lots of internet connections works really fine you don't need to be in the room. But anytime you can get physical contact you can get more energy transfer you can add more amplitude to the system does that make sense. So everybody stand up think of something you want to change ask yourself is it okay.

To get rid of it any reason why you might want to keep it the answer is yes. Frame it. First. I'll let you do that on your own if the answer is yeah hell yeah.

I want to get rid of this close your eyes. Point to where you feel it as you point to the feeling look. At it with your inner eyes. And notice there's a color connected to that feeling rate the intensity of that feeling and the color connected to it.

First impression now reach in and grab all that colored energy take it out and hold it in your hands in front of it make sure you get it all because sometimes it hides once you got it all look. At it notice did the color change or stay the same. First impression now notice it's moving it's spinning in a certain direction what direction is it spinning. I want you to grab it and make it the opposite of what it was now spin it the opposite way double the spin double the speed double the force double the magnitude keep doubling it over and over and over again until it takes on a life of its own until it's impossible for it to go back the way it was when you know you've got it it's impossible for it to go back the way it was slam it back into that spot notice the change notice it's gone notice as this new program works its way deeper and deeper and deeper into your neurology any program any belief any memory any experience that's not in harmony with this new set of instructions your neurology is going to begin to shed it's going to begin to purge like a snake shedding its skin like old software being uninstalled by newer better more powerful software there's no.

Need to measure it manage it or make it happen faster just notice the process taking place allow it to install itself completely and when you know it's done tested try to bring the old feeling back try to turn the new feeling off and notice what happens instead many times it's this new program works its way deeper and deeper and deeper into our system we go through all kinds of interesting. Transformations some people break out in a sweat some people laugh some people yawn some people cry some people twitch some people just feel waves of emotion coming up. However your body does it that's just your neurology resetting itself it's just the emotional detox there's no. Need to measure it manage it or make it happen faster notice the process taking place allow it to install itself completely and when you know it's done test it try to bring the old feeling back try to turn the new feeling off notice what happens instead when you're satisfied stop testing scan your body open your eyes.

And notice how good you feel estee's like. Hallelujah all right. Guess what we're gonna do now folks it's breakout room time it's. Howdy.

Doody time it's. Howdy. Doody. Time all right.

Let me make sure everybody's got a room um if for some reason the people that put you in the room with don't show up or whatever um don't be surprised if all of a sudden uh prompt comes out of nowhere and whisks you off to another room can you answer my question before we go which is the question um what's a sufficient amount of time to wait to know if it's processed and if you're not explaining again that's a great question one of the things you do is when you're spinning with somebody you as you and you're holding them you're gonna feel them. God you'll see their eyes. Roll back in their head you'll feel them start to sweat you'll feel attention building up inside of them as they're starting to process there'll be a moment when they physically relax and let out a size like a kind of a thing and that's when you know they've reached. The.

Crucible they've reached that critical mass and now the new changes has been installed. I can't predict how rapidly people will move through that cycle. So you have to really observe them and pay attention. But that's almost exactly people who who've actually done this in person you can you true not true you can feel when the body accepts the change right.

Because it just it just everything just settles right. So again when you're doing this virtually in your mind you're embracing and holding that space for them and you're just every now and. Then you just say keep going you got this take all the time you need and you'll feel them start you'll feel them start your eyelids will start to frivolate a little bit that you'll see they're coming out of it right. And that's again when they're fully back.

Then you can. Then you can release the space you hold the space too long. Then not hold it long enough got it okay. All right.

If you guys have questions. I'll be bopping around uh. Hey. Moss um let me.

I wanna. I wanna moss and. Seth. I'm going to make you guys if.

I make you guys co-host can you go in and out of breakout rooms. I think. So let me go check yes. Okay.

So. I'm gonna make you guys um. I'll make you guys co-hosts once. I figure out how to do that oh hold on a.

Second uh. So and. I just want you guys to kind of um. Bebop around and again don't spend a lot of time talking get them doing these drills again the the idea behind this is that they're getting the.

Reps in all right. So let me go ahead and remake these rooms. So if a bearded guy or a soft-spoken. Moss type guy shows up instead of me don't freak out all right.

Go get them thank you questions foreign thank you oh you're back yeah. I don't want to practice with either one of them okay. That's fine they're arguing about um how long does a certain thing take and. But what does it mean oh.

But what's your name oh my. Isaac. Synod is that how you say name yeah you can call me that all right. Well is that your name like what's up and he's like why should.

I get my question answered and. Then she starts going on and they start going back and forth they say all you guys. I gotta get the out of here like come on jeez like you throw me in another room. I can throw you in another room thank you all right.

Uh let's see here thanks yeah they're probably still arguing uh what we're moving in. I think six. I want to be like just. I want.

I just don't want to work with them that's fine. David. I just wanted to double check. So are there they're working on spinning now or see yeah spinning only spinning only thing only perfect okay.

I'll check in on six it's all right. Here make sure that sign out and whoever's in there are behaving themselves. So he was a little weird man um when he dropped him in my room before like. I just asked him what he was familiar with he started to like try to.

Echo me. But like way too much like he was being like slick or something and. Then like as. I was like all right.

We're moving on he just left the breakout room all right. Well those things happen yep just letting you know all right. Just deal with him best you can new bro all right. Be good go get him hey.

Rebecca welcome back hi hi help me find something that's like a lower intensity just help me find something that's little because everything is that's coming at me essentially is like all the reasons for resistance for me to help. I. I'm just trying to find some tiny okay. Well.

I'll tell you what why don't we just work on something what work will that ever comes up if that's okay. Because obviously your neurology has a priority is giving certain things a priority. So let's see where that takes us if you want to. But here's here's how we if you want to know how to actually work on small stuff one of the things we do is called bucket listing and what do you do is you take everything that bothers you and you just brain dump it onto a piece of paper right.

You just brain dump it okay. And. Then you look. At each thing you wrote down and you assign a charge to it of one to ten or zero to ten right.

Ten being like godzilla-sized creatures or things and one being you know something like the proverbial fart in the breeze kind of thing like it's. Aaron is gone right. And. So you assign a number value to each of those and.

Then you reorganize it from least traumatic or least provocative to most. So you reorganize it from the ones to the tens you follow me. So far okay. And.

Then what you do is you look. For other things that have a similar charge. So think of if you look. At your your example of a level one you ask yourself um do.

I have anything else that has us that. I can feel. I can remember off the top of my head that has this same level of intensity to it. So are you are you um like my brain is trying to crisscross over feelings to behaviors don't worry about it like okay.

All we care about is the feelings okay. So. I'm annoyed with a behavior that. I don't understand why.

I. I don't know sometimes okay. So close your eyes. Think about that behavior think about the feeling that that behavior generates okay.

Close your eyes. Point to where you feel it and the. First thing. I want to ask you on a scale of zero to ten rate the intensity of those feelings.

I picked a one that's fine and is it okay. To change it yes. Is there any reason why you might want to keep it not that. I can think of okay.

I want you to if there were a picture floating in the space around you that represents that experience a picture you could reach out and touch where would you reach out to touch it. First impression yeah now let's make sure we got the right. One trace the outline of it with both of your hands. So you know how big it is and grab a hold of it and expand it into the room and tell me what happens to the intensity of the feeling does it get stronger does it get weaker it gets kind of funny it's kind of funny is that a good thing yeah absolutely all right.

Very good now all. I want you to do is put a big black frame around it and. I want you to feel along the base of that frame you're going to notice at the base of that frame is what is are some dials and knobs and switches like on a touch screen or a remote or on a regular television right. And what.

I want you to do is. I just want you to find the knob that controls the brightness. I want you to turn that knob all the way to the right. Until the image whites out completely notice how that makes you feel and turn it all the way to the left until the image blacks out completely notice how that makes you feel and decide for yourself which one you like better and.

Then turn it to that direction. So either. White's out completely or it blocks out completely when you got it just nod your head to let me know excellent reach up with your dominant hand take the index finger of your dominant hand and glowing golden letters there were some lessons that this experience had to teach you positive or negative once you go ahead and write those lessons on that white it out screen. So you can keep all the lessons and let everything else go now what's interesting is sometimes we know exactly what those lessons are never going to do that shut it down or or whatever and we just blam we just blast him right.

On the screen. But sometimes we have no. Conscious idea what we learned from this experience. But the part of you that created the feelings and created that picture that part always knows.

So let that part. Express itself let it write on that screen in its own way all the lessons it needs to keep positive or negative. So you can keep all those lessons and let everything else go now when some people start that finger writing it's like automatic writing. Sometimes some people draw squiggles some people draw pictures every now and.

Then you gotta find a pissed off party it goes you you you on the screen some people write with both hands simultaneously they're writing. Chinese or. Hebrew at the same time. However your neurology wants to do it just keep writing the screen will scroll like a tablet scroll.

So you have an infinite unlimited writing space when my wife does this she's. So detail-oriented she writes for 40 minutes at a time it's like she's writing a chapter for. War and. Peace right.

However long it takes. However much you need to say put it on that screen if feelings and emotions come up put them on the screen. So you can keep all the lessons. But let everything else go and take all the time you need to do that when you know it's done you just nod your head to let me know excellent now reach up take that picture in your hand shrink it down to the size of a postage stamp or even smaller notice how the feelings in your body shift and change as your unconscious mind begins the process of taking that frame up over the top of your head back over the top of your head back.

Beyond the. Horizon just until it dips down below the. Horizon and you know the sound a hammer makes when you're banging on a nail the nailed back there for all eternity and possible come back when you know it's nailed back there for all eternity and possible come back [Music] testing try to bring the old feeling back try to turn the new feeling off and notice what happens instead ah that's right. And when you're done stop testing open your eyes.

Notice how good you feel. Bravo love. Bravo you got a big old smile on your face now what happened thank you. I got that.

I. I focused. I focused. I picked something [Music] small exactly the secret to working on to doing self work is you always start with the.

Small. Things. First because by by your your nervous system's very nature it's designed to. Target the most intense traumatic threatening things.

First. But that's exactly the problem is because most of the time you have if you know what video games are right. All right. You ever play any not really okay.

Well one of the things that. But. I have yeah yeah you're about my age give or take you know what. Dungeons and.

Dragons is right. You ever play that barely okay. All right. So the thing is when you go into a video game right.

You have a level one character there's there's skill levels right. So you have a level one character and you go out you fight level one monsters and everything's pretty balanced. But if that level one character ever accidentally wanders into a level five six seven eight nine ten killing area it doesn't end well for the character right. The level one character is the technique you're just learning the level 20 monster is your biggest most heinous thing.

So if you want to level up your character level up your. Technique you gotta fight level one monsters and what happens is the more of those level one problems you evaporate and dissolve you get you get experience points and at certain point that technique levels up it gets more powerful for you your neurology gains more confidence in it and you hit the level two monsters and you go you level up again and you hit. Level three months you level leave your level up again and you just keep doing that and by the time most people hit the fives the sixes the process starts to automate and the neurology just starts cleaning out because it's proven to itself that it can deal with that and what happens is you wind up dealing with the. H nines and tens just as easy as you dealt with the ones and the twos because the perceived level of difficulty between a six and a seven or a seven and an eight or an eight and a nine is only a level of one until you get this level 20 uh technique against a level 20 monster level 18 monster into just steamrolls it right.

So you have to train yourself differently if you're going to work on yourself by yourself than if someone like me is working with it like you and. I we could have done a level 20 right. Now because. I'm guiding you through that process right.

But for you to be able to do this work on your own. I have to teach you how to flip the script that makes any kind of sense. I had to split. I couldn't.

I was taking like all these big like everything and chunking them into one huge oh yeah feeling. Behavior whatever and. I went down to just like this one little thing with your help. Yeah the secret is it's always about the feeling it's never the behavior that's the problem behaviors arise from feelings right.

So it's really never the behavior that's the problem it's the feeling connected to it either the one that triggers it or the one that is the result of it right. So as long as we can point to where in our body that feeling emanates from we can unpack it and we can change it and your behaviors and your perceptions of the world around you will change accordingly because it's your body feelings that determine your perception of the world does that make sense yeah you said that and. I started to laugh because. I tried to remember where.

I even said the feeling was and. I'm it's gone sure. I gave this that's again boom the magic is in you right. I just you just needed a guy with no.

Social life to sit around figuring it playing with his own mind and body to figure this out right. But um yeah um did you catch the did you catch the spinning technique after we did that were you here for that okay. Yeah you want me to put you in a room and let you play or you just want to hang out until everybody shows up again. I'm just gonna hang out until everybody shows up again all right.

Well you uh. I'm gonna go check out my ducklings. Then. I'll see you soon thank you bye foreign foreign foreign foreign guys if you got any other questions you got me for about two minutes until they come out of their breakout room and we got to go into color breathing you guys learned anything is this useful well as you can see it's all in real time and you know you get interesting personalities and uh you know you got to manage it just like anything else.

ADI says. I feel very relaxed yay cool all right. Wise coaching says thank you for everything you do. David thank you.

So much for staying with us and and enjoying and participating. Agnes says. I've had to charge my headphones twice that's not my fault. Agnes.

I didn't do it. Brian says very helpful thank you awesome thank you. Brian. Manfred.

Vogue every time. I'm watching your streams. I find something new to take out of it amazing thank you. Madrid uh.

M9 yeah. I like how you can answer every question without hesitation oh thank you. I'm good. I'm.

I'm a graduate of. MSU. University that's make up. But uh fortunately.

I've had enough clinical experience is the 10. Heavenly stems the same as the 10 stems uh if. I remember correctly it's uh the 12. Heavenly stems or ten.

Earthly branches or is it they're not that accurate. So there's there's um. I'm gonna go out and say yeah they're probably the same. Lonnie says we got lucky tonight thanks.

David you're welcome you say tonight where are you at. Lottie are you in uh some other part of the world. Ryan says. I'm still awake although it's 9 30.

A.M wait how long. Brian have you been on have you been on the stream this whole time home base has just now got to join you will be saving this to your channel. I hope for a little while. But it is it is technically um reserved for our.

Diamond members because it's a it's a live mentoring session uh. So at some point very in the near future. I will have to put the. Privacy protections back on.

But if you join the diamond level you join up as a diamond member you can get access to these replays and all the other replays that we've done since uh since we since we launched the member. Channel. So. I really would encourage you to do that because.

Then. I can actually interact with you guys in real time face to face through this through this channel. But as well as we're starting our. Live.

Events again our live meetups. So we'll be doing hybrids of that it's pulling no. No. Liam the the pulling down the heavens is not the same as the 10 steps okay.

I think. I tried to answer that earlier maybe you missed it um 10 stems. Heavenly branches all that work in the. Taoist systems those are things you connect to.

Later on or if you're doing the botsa or. Chi men or the the. Chinese astrology those those things come into play. But at the beginning level.

Diamond membership is currently 99 for 97 a month um when we start doing lives again. Next month the uh the new the price is going to go up. But if you're already in on the diamond level you'll be price locked you won't you won't get charged more as far as. I know um.

Susan says that sounds really cool is there a link to check out the diamond membership yeah if you go to the community tab there should be um let me see if there's a way to do this our membership go to membership and. Then it shows info perks um all right. Maybe not. I'm trying to figure out how you actually sign up um.

Agnes can you show that here you seem to be a little know a little bit more about how this works than. I do can you tell them how to get to the the place to sign up membership scroll down to where you want to be and hit join whichever one you want to join it should be right. There okay. I'm talking to the folks on.

YouTube. So if um it's gonna there's gonna be a little bit of a delay until what you said gets true to them. So hopefully they can find it all right. So you're all back obviously you snuck in when.

I wasn't looking. So um. Jake. Jax did you have a question or were you just answering my question.

I was. I had a question you know. I've never done spinning without having a specific purpose my question is can you just spend a feeling like like you just you just have an odd feeling whatever it is can you spin it yes. I mean you don't have to have a specific purpose no.

That's what's funny if you um this is something if you if you get some of the videos uh like especially it happens a lot in identity by. Design you'll see me like want to teach you the steps to spinning and. I'll just randomly bring someone up and. I'll say you don't need to have something just pretend that you're spinning something in about 35 seconds into the process it becomes a real thing the unconscious mind just throws something out and the minute they they go through the motions and they were just pretending the best thing about all of these techniques is that you don't need to consciously know what the hell it is you're doing you're spinning if there's a body feeling there all you have to do is point to it and unpack it and you can get rid of it that's why.

I love these techniques. So much because. I don't need to know a lot of times when you're working therapeutically with people there's shame and guilt and and all kinds of things connected to them expressing those feelings that they don't want to talk about they don't want you to know it even though they want to get rid of it because they're terrified of being judged or or whatever the best part about these techniques is you don't need to know a damn thing to help them recover and get through it right. There are times when you need to know more.

But not with these techniques. Drea you had a question. So when we were doing the spinning and. I was pulling this stuff out it wasn't necessarily in a ball shape.

So you know. I didn't know if that made a difference because. I had to put it into a ball not in order to spin it nope you're gonna be amazed one of the things you need to understand and this is again if you guys ever decide that you want to get onto the magical training track or the. Mystic system training track um which is the gateway to that is through our energy trainings one of the things that you're going to learn is that the universal language of all created beings is metaphor that's it's vibrational data encoded through five channels visual auditory kinesthetical.

Factory gustatory and combined in the form of some kind of a metaphor and that metaphor can be anything and regardless of what shape or color or sound or smell or tastes the metaphor has they're all malleable. So um let me just finish. Draya's question and. Then.

I'll answer. Rebecca's question. So if. I reach in and.

I pull it out and it's just this big steaming blob of poop metaphorically speaking right. Mm-hmm you don't have it doesn't have to spin it could be okay. All right. Is it spinning no.

It's not spinning it's just it's just it's just like mud excellent try it out and make it solid and tell me what happens to the feeling change the color tell me what happens to the feeling. I'll tell you a funny story really quick which goes to that. I was working with a guy one time it was during a meeting in fact she could actually um we actually turned that meet up into a product it was called. Energy uh speed healing energy hypnosis or energy hypnosis energy healing.

Made. Easy there was a guy he had a foot injury he was a surfer older guy and. I said point to our affiliate he points to where he feels it. I said take it out hold it in your hands in front of you make sure you get it all because sometimes it hides he takes it out.

I said notice it's moving it's spinning in a certain direction he says it's not spinning. I said oh well tell me about it because it's well tell me about it does have any color and we went through all the different attributes it's hot and it's heavy. I said okay. Make it the opposite of what it was cool it off he looks at me and goes how.

I said you figured out he looks at the thing in his hands and he starts going and he did it for like 45 seconds he blew on it he put it back in his pain went away oh wow okay. Get it yeah ever remember remember. I told you earlier sometimes you have an expectation of what's supposed to happen and what the unconsciousness is different and you work with what you get that's the secret okay. Whatever's there if you didn't plan it it's supposed to be there right.

Right. And you just work with it and the the information will unlock okay. Thank you welcome uh let's see here who else has got a. David didn't get muted what does that mean.

David didn't get muted. Ian asked if you did or if it was just. I don't know what happened. I don't.

I don't know um. So it's. Dre did you have another question do you just forget to put your hand down. I think you just forgot it was just my headphones switched to a different mind okay.

Anybody else have anything uh questions or discoveries or interesting aha moment uh. Royce go ahead. I. I just had a an experience the other day with a wonderful metaphor that if it's okay.

I'd love to share sure uh. So. I had a person that was dealing with an issue oh there's two metaphors in it uh she felt like this problem was encasing her like. Kryptonite mm-hmm and that there was nothing strong enough to get rid of it uh background she was taking exam and she had a problem with the exam the tester uh.

So uh you know. I. I thought about okay. I brought her into a control room and and and turned a dial of time and and time disintegrates all things.

So that went away. But she had this like brown gray energy left in her hips and. I said well go ahead and pull it out. I was going to do the spinning thing and she said.

I can't it's just slimy and slick and it won't come. I can't get a hold of it and my brain went to this metaphor that. I absolutely love it says. I don't know if you remember.

Felix the. Cat in his bag of tricks. But you know. Felix would go on in whatever problem he had he'd open his bag of tricks and oh wow there's a vacuum cleaner a mini vacuum cleaner and she grabbed a hold of it took.

It sucked it all out and it's gone. I said no. Spin it and throw it away. But the.

Felix the. Cat thing is. So powerful for me because it the bag of tricks represents our own unconscious mind and when when. I didn't have any clue to think about wow again grab a vacuum cleaner my unconscious mind presented the bag of tricks.

I opened it and oh here is the answer and it was perfect for excellent excellent yeah that's that's what's cool is here's here's the bottom line when it comes to anything hypnosis or suggestion related write this down because it makes everything simple if you can conceive of it name it and describe it you can create it it's that that's it conceive of it name it describe it cause it right. I was doing a aquarium exercise with a guy one time and. I didn't what's funny is he was a window cleaner a window washer and. I didn't know that.

So. I'm having he's going through his gray room and he finds something on his gray room all he can't get rid of now remember. I didn't know this yet. I said well you know how sometimes windshield washers and and cleaners have these special solvents for dissolving the sticky gummy stuff that people put on.

Windows if you look. Over in the in the one corner of your round gray room you'll notice a little closet with all kinds of cleaning supplies and stuff in it just go over there find the the solvent that you need and this little scraper and go over and squeegee. It. Off and uh and throw it in the fire notice what happens and.

So he went over and he throws in the fire and he's like ah and. Then we bring him out he goes how did you know. I clean windows for a living right. There's a communication that goes on anybody who spent any time doing hypnotherapy will tell you there's this communication that happens sometimes it comes from.

Source a lot of times it comes from the the client where you know you see obviously you're riffing and all of a sudden something comes out of your mouth that the moment you hear it you're terrified and you want to take it back and there's a part of it that's going no. Because you want to grab it and pull it back and. Then it hits the client and it's like the exact thing they needed to hear and like ah where the hell does that come from right. But that's that's the relationship that's the energetic interchange of information happening at multiple levels in therapeutic environments you know if you want to if you want to get really used to weird be a hypnotist because it's your gateway it's your gateway drug to the world of woo right.

But it that woo happens in ways you can't you can't deny because it happened right. In front of right. Satyrus in the beginning of the. Mastermind.

Dr. Dia kind of ask you how could. I would say. I could like um exchange kind of hard to remember my question.

But it was pretty much along the lines of um using my my body to play with other people's. Grid or using my grid right. And throughout all these it's pretty much you know. Basics.

But. Basics are basics for a reason. So. I've heard that someone yeah that being said makes me wonder now how can.

I perhaps maybe use it um in a way that you know obviously most people are not that it's awake or aware like watch what they do with their hands if they're talking about a problem you'll seem like. I got this problem and man if. I could just put my finger on it. I could fix it well they just put their finger on it it's in their field right.

Or they'll say. I got this thing. I can't get past it right. Well if you've got rapport with them and they're doing like this all you got to do is walk over to them say well what happens if we take this and we move it behind you and you'll see him go ah.

But you have to have rapport with them the greater the degree of. Rapport the more easily it works you can also take things like sometimes when you think about the perfect solution for this right. And and the more you think about it the more the bigger that solution becomes obvious right. And as you're starting to really wrap your head around this solution it's just a no-brainer to go forward and connect to that right.

So what did. I do with my hands perfect solution everything. I did in my mind. I'm expanding images and.

I'm putting them in the field. So when you think about the perfect solution and what's behind it you can really feel confident knowing that this solution is the one that's going to stick with you through thick and thin and as you expand on that and embrace it life will just continue to get better and better and better. So that's called analog. Market kind of like.

I think was. Matt. Cunningham used to make like. Jesus and he would point on himself well actually he stole that you stole that from.

Tony. Robbins okay. Yeah okay. Cool well.

I kind of resonate more with the. Second scenario unless. I'm doing therapy and like taking stuff you're again the idea is you have to be able to observe people interacting with their own field and. Then decide what's useful and what's not.

So a lot of times what can happen and again if you have some if you ask somebody you know. I'm curious. Mr. Prospect you know when you're when you're have you ever done a deal with somebody that you were really glad you did it worked out.

So well because everything that they promised they delivered and it was timely and it was and he just really got excited about doing that again and. Then you watch where their eyes. Go yeah yeah there actually was a time when. I did that excellent and.

Then you draw a little little invisible lines from where their eyes. Went are to where they went they said well when you think about that in conjection with our program together. I want you to realize that we're going to deliver in exactly the same fact we're going to deliver it faster and better than ever before. So that's what.

I call stealing an anchor if somebody's looking up here they're accessing a certain experience that you've named and described conceived name described sound familiar yeah they just access their spatial location where they store that information and through your mirror neurons and intentions you put your contract in that area you're saying as you think about it like that. I want you to really understand as you connect to this that we're going to do the best job humanly possible for you and you're going to be even more thrilled that you worked with us. So through an active intention. I link to their anchor and.

Then. I connect it to me and now they think of me through that lens that's literally a tomorrow context. But. I'm like kind of impatient to test out.

I get it also most of them okay. Thank you. Mom you're welcome okay. Uh anybody else coming into the home stretch you guys with me you hanging in there all right.

We got one more on we got two more things on the dock and. I don't know how much how far we'll get into image cycling. But we're going to go ahead and work on color breathing now now color breathing is actually fully taught in uh uh regression techniques and real world trauma resolution the reason for that is is because there's like seven or eight levels to it each one gets progressively more in depth and and is capable of more and more things. But we do the five-year-old version what.

I mean by five-year-old version is this is what works on five-year-olds if it'll work for a five-year-old it'll work for everybody else right. So the idea here is once again it starts with is it okay. To get rid of it is there any reason why you might want to change or you might want to keep it the answer is anything. But a resounding yes.

What do you do frame that when in doubt frame it out now you're going to color. Breathe. It point to where you feel it notice there's a color connected to that feeling what's the color. First impression does it matter what the color is it's pink pomegranate and puce with uh.

Tangerine colored unicorns frolicking about inside of it okay. As you focus on that pomegranate infused color with. Tangerine unicorns frolking about inside of it. I'm curious does it have any weight temperature or.

Texture color you can go into those if you want to. But if you're higher mind your autonomic nervous system could send you a feeling a frequency of vibration a color that would completely dissolve that pomegranate infused color it had with. Tangerine unicorns dancing around in it and give you exactly what you most need and want and desire instead what color of colors might it send you. Fruit.

Loop lucky stripe orange orange flavored bubble gum scented color okay. Go ahead and make a big ball of that energy floating above your head that's that's the that's the cheat if you can't remember what the they just said imagine a big ball that color floating above your head notice how the feelings in your body shift and changes with. Every. Breath.

You. Take and every beat of your heart that amazing ball of energy begins to grow begins to expand begins to fill the entire room from floor to ceiling from wall to wall and all points in between notice how it wraps itself around you and breathe it through that pink pomegranate. Infuse with. Tangerine unicorns dancing all around its color and notice what happens they're gonna breathe the color through that you use a color to dissolve a color now.

I'm making a little bit of don't be surprised when you get weird like that it's happened. I've seen it right. What's gonna happen is one of three things a you're going to breathe that the the resolution color through the affected color area it's going to dissolve and go away like a fart in the breeze that's that's one possibility. Next.

Level possibility you're going to get what we call the. Russian doll effect. Russian doll effect you guys know what. I mean when.

I say. Russian dolls you know those dolls that you open up the doll there's another doll inside of it you open that doll there's another doll inside of it and it just keeps going into whatever the it's going to end a lot of times people will point to stuff and. I'll have them. I'll say what colors connected to that feeling.

First impression and they're going to say um you know whatever it is right. And. Then. Then what.

I'll do a lot of times. I'll say now trace the outline of that color. So you know what shape it takes okay. If your higher mind could send you a feeling of frequency of vibration or a color that would completely dissolve that.

XY shape and that one two three part of your body what color colors would it send you what color of colors might it send you whatever color they give you fill the room with it breathe the resolution color through the problem color and that big area is going to go like this now people say well did it fail no. You've got layers you've got onion skins wrapped inside of each other here you cleared the. First problem. But this is a different.

But related or similar problem what color is this what color would fix it breathe the resolution color through the problem color it shrinks again what color is this one what color would fix it breathe that color through the area and you just keep doing that until it's completely gone we call that the nesting dolls or the. Russian doll effect very common especially with level what we call level one interventions the other thing that can happen we call it body mapping. So we have a point to where they feel it they they turn it into a color they breathe whatever resolution color is through that area and all of a sudden it moves from here to here same as before you fix the. First issue now you've got a connected issue what color is this one purple what color would change it or make it what you want instead green breathe the green through the purple it moves again what color is this one yellow what color would give you what you want instead red breathe the red through the yellow and you just follow it through it takes a little while sometimes okay.

But it works really really well and it's simple and you can do it with a five-year-old you can do it with a three-year-old as long as they can pay attention right. You can deal with a hysterical five-year-old because. I've done it right. Um that's how it works there's other ways that we can work with this.

But the basic idea is whatever the body generates the body accepts okay. When you have a trauma locked in the body what you're dealing with is frozen light okay. When in the. Physical.

Realm when all light are in the spiritual when all all colors are mixed together what's the color that we get depending on white right. So if you're pointing to this and even if you get a white color you can it's still missing frequencies. But my point is is that that trauma container is frozen light there are frequencies missing from it that's why it's stuck when you ask the neurology what color would fix it it's giving you the missing frequencies all you do is move it through that affected area it refracts back to. White.

Light the body can now process it it goes away according to the. Green. Lantern. Universe you definitely get white until you change it yes.

Right. Some people will say that in in the spiritual realm the the the the combination of all colors is black or what. I don't really care the bottom line is is whatever's locked in your body is there because it's frozen because it's missing something that's not letting it finish processing when you restore those frequencies it resolves back to something the body can process and now your natural systems will clean it out because that makes it doesn't have to make sense it's just how it works right. So uh it doesn't matter when we when we when we wash the area with that color we're removing the imprint.

So it may go emotionally flat you may still remember the event. But you can't think about it the same way anymore what we do is we turn everything into a color we turn the sounds it smells the tastes the feelings everything becomes a color which becomes a homogenous vibrational field with everything there's nothing ambiguous it's all imprinted in there one of the things you'll learn if you study some of basal. Vandal. Cults work is there's a there's a phenomena that comes up in trauma resolution or trauma.

Therapies called alexithymia alexithymia is an inability to put a name to a. Feeling if you studied any other languages you'll find out that they have names for certain feelings and emotions that we don't have in. English right. So many times what can happen is the feelings although negative are.

So complex or interwoven that no. One single word accurately just names it and if you can't name something the nervous system can't process it. Hence my earlier statement if you can conceive of it name it and describe it you can cause it. But what if you can't name it well that's the best part you can turn any of that into a color you can turn any of that stuff into a sound a smell a taste you can turn any piece of nomenclature and translate it into something else that you can name or you can process and the system can do that that's also one of the reasons why when we we point to where we feel it reach out and touch it is because when we touch it with our physical hands remember the two parts of your body that have the most brain realistic take up the most brain real estate are your hands and your eyes.

So if. I get both my hands and my eyes. Involved. I'm creating multiple on-ramps to the same information.

So if one pathway is blocked. I got 12 others going in and accessing that information. But because everything is used is is being done in a language every division of your neurology understands and can process you get a synergistic uh effect where the the hole is greater than the sum of the parts our interventions are based around this concept of neurological. Unity rather than specialization or you know um minimalist um reductionist thinking right.

So this is why this works there's you know we could spend a lot of time unpacking the neuroscience and that wouldn't help you do this any better right. There's there's useful information and. Then there's interesting information and they're not always the same yes. Rice.

David. Mike my question was how uh. So we talked about it going from from here to here to here to here or or moving places how do. I know when it's done was was when.

I say are we looking for no. Color remaining or the feelings are gone the feelings are gone the feeling. So the feeling is gone the the good colors should remain. But the feeling is gone well what's interesting is the the good color may go too.

But the feelings gone with it okay. Right. Because remember you've got this color and this color we mix it we're going to get something else right. What the pro what's what causes us the problems aren't the colors directly it's the feelings they generate and by definition if you don't have a feeling you don't have a problem and remember numbness is also a.

Feeling. So you guys ready to play all right. I want you to think of something you want to change on a scale of uh zero to ten let's make it somewhere between a one and a three just for simplicity's sake. I want you to close your eyes.

Let me go back to. Brady. Bunch mode really quick here. I want you to close your eyes.

Point to where you feel it scale of 0 to 10 rate the intensity of those feelings and notice that there's a color maybe even a series of colors connected to those feelings what color or colors might that be for you. First impression now if your autonomic nervous system your higher mind. God the universe and your. Guardians whatever higher power you submit to if there is such a thing if it could send you a.

Feeling a frequency a vibration a color that would completely dissolve that problem color in that part of your body and give you what you most need and want and desire instead what color colors might it send you. First impression whatever it is imagine a brilliant ball of that energy floating above your head notice how the feelings in your body shift and changes with. Every. Breath.

You. Take and every beat of your heart that ball of energy begins to grow begins to expand begins to fill the entire room from floor to ceiling from wall to wall in all points in between notice how it wraps itself around you like an amazing blanket of transformation a cocoon a shield a suit of armor insulating you protecting you from all negativity real or imagine well at the same time flooding your mind flooding your body flooding your spirit with everything it most needs and wants and desires instead and when you know you've got it when you know you're ready breathe that resolution color through the affected colors the problem colors in that area of your body and notice how those areas begin to melt and dissolve away take all the time you need breathe that color into that area in an infinite ever expanding and. Unlimited. Supply you may notice as these two colors begin to interact and change and dissolve away as some people break out in a sweat some people laugh some people yawn some people cry some people twitch some people just feel waves of emotion coming up.

However you do it. However it manifests for you that's what's supposed to happen it's just your neurology resetting itself of letting go of what it no. Longer needs and organizing itself to a higher level there's no. Need to measure it or manage it or make it happen faster just notice that process taking place allow it to install itself completely when you know it's done test it try to bring the old feeling back try to turn the new feeling off and notice what happens instead and when you're satisfied you're happy stop testing allow your body to allow your eyes.

To open notice how different you feel all right. What do we notice what do we discover. I'm gonna buy an orange bed covers on on that note about 50 of the time the color somebody needs to heal is the one they're wearing [Laughter] it yes. Sir um.

So. I do the color breathing almost every day like these some of these negative things randomly come out no. I'm out and about. So.

I noticed sometimes um it's very simple like let's take one breath and like put in something really really bothered me information on me or something really anxious that really bothered me one breath it's gone like quick half a. Second. Then. I noticed other times um.

I'll breathe it and all of a sudden the the um the solution collar will will become part of the the problem colors it'll become like two colors and. I start. So. I start looking for a.

Second color that's what they do yeah the answer again when you're doing any of these energetic interventions even though we build them as hypnosis they're as much or more energetic than they are hypnotic one of the things you do one of the things. I tell you guys is the answer is always in the question. So going back to what you said like. I have a problem.

I have a solution. I breathe the resolution color and all of a sudden the resolution becomes part of the problem and you did what you went looking for another color that's exactly what you're supposed to do if my higher mind could send me a feeling a frequency a vibration of color that would accelerate and amplify this transformation and give me my most need and want and desire instead what other color might it send me add that color to the mix shit's. Gonna. Change now it is one of several things happened it either resolved completely or it changed again what's the.

Next color. I need what's the effect. I want what color would give that to me and you just keep playing with the colors until they're gone now a lot of times if it changes and it like like what you said the. First thing.

I would do because. I'm betting you didn't do this is it okay. To get rid of it. I would.

I would go right. Back to the frame and say hey is it okay. To get rid of this is the reason why. I might want to keep it frame it.

First and. Then notice what happens right. When you see free. I mean frame.

Magic. Frame oh. Magic. Frame okay.

When in doubt frame it out one of the things. I see over and over and over again is that if something's not resolving with these techniques it's almost always safety lessons secondary gain of some kind or you're just not asking the right. Question right. But more often than not it's safety lessons secondary gain right.

And and again no. Judgment we all have them right. We all have reasons for clinging to things that don't make any logical rational sense from an outsider's perspective. But remember irrational problems require irrational.

Solutions okay. I found that to be true more often than not rational solutions to irrational problems often have a. Band-Aid effect they don't. Last okay.

That's why. Psychotherapy has such a low hit rate because all you're doing is talking about your for 12 years and they understand and the belief is that if. I just understand why. I'm doing what.

I'm doing. I will consciously choose to do something else well you may consciously choose to do something else. But your unconscious mind is in charge 99.99 of the time and it's choosing something different. So that's what we got to understand uh.

Alex when you say. I was always think about this irrational problems through irrational. Solutions like like. I guess where do you kind of like draw the line where you use those irrational.

Solutions if you know you draw the line where it's where it's dangerous to somebody else or you dangerous yeah. I mean if your irrational solution is to stand on top of a post office with an. AK-47 and blast every that ever delayed your package no. Okay.

I. I wasn't talking about that. I was talking about let's say you have like certain like. I don't know certain feelings or certain problems like you know and like.

I feel like you know coming up and making like making up to and like. International solutions to what was it like. I guess doing it all the time almost feels like you're kind of losing sense with realities okay. I'm kind of all right.

So one of one of the things you're. I think what you're talking about is what we call reblaming disease yeah reblaming is where we were reframing every situation we're in to blame the other guy and make it the other guy's fault remember it's never the other guy's fault if if you find yourself engaging in blaming people you're wasting your time. I think what. I try to mean is like where you kind of like let's say you have a situation and you're constantly reframe anything to get a way better effect and not like to blame like let's say a feeling.

But like the reason. I said where you draw the line is like how much of doing this frames is uh like enough because if you do it like almost for everything let me tell you something with all honest with all in all truth. Alex the longer. I do this work you know the seafood.

Johnson said it the best when you start on these paths there's um there's black there's neutral and there's white right. And. Then the most narrow band when you start is the gray area right. The neutral.

But the longer you're in this the bigger the gray. Zone gets and the less set in stone everything else becomes. So one of the things that you you do is when you start reframing things best way to the best way to reframe it is how what what manner of thinking empowers me more what is it what is the result that that particular mindset produces if it's empowering you keep it if it's not empowering you get rid of it right. And that's where like if you get the 14 reframe patterns from uh.

Renegade. Renegade reframing it's all about conversational belief changer 14 different ways to think about anything at the minute you apply that way of thinking your mind map opens and you have more possibility and flexibility and you can't go back to thinking about the original belief the same way right. Yeah and. So once we have that flexibility of thought and we get to choose what something means that's that empowers us that's not really necessarily rational because everybody's telling you it's one way.

But you're seeing it that way it keeps you stuck and seeing it another way empowers you what's rational and what's not from whose perspective it's just up to interpretation yeah exactly what you're going to find over and over and over again is that most of what you're encountering is your interpretation of a particular data point and all that and that's all based on your body feelings and the questions you ask about it and the meaning you assign to it this bottle of water can be poison or life depending on the person looking at it why do. I say that if you're drowning in a debt if you're if you're dehydrated in a desert this is life you're a die in the wool organic bpes are bad this is a bottle of poison waiting to happen um same bottle same water right. Yeah that's our that's the reality we live in. I guess it's like a key is to choose uh what um not frame.

But what um belief certification yeah yeah you want to if you've ever heard official for you yeah if you've ever heard me say all belief systems are including mine you just tapped into it why because all belief systems are about our rules about the way the world is based on the feelings a person had in their body and the information they had at the time applied with a feeling of certainty most of the beliefs that we have were given to us and we never challenged them we just accepted them no. Belief system is good or bad you have to evaluate it based on the results in your life it produces if the belief system makes you happy and it's leading you to create a life you love keep it if your belief system is holding you back or the results that the proponents of that belief system the life they're leading isn't the one you want. Then you owe it to yourself to do anything else adopt any other belief test every belief you're presented with until you find one that generates the results that make you happy and make you happy with yourself not just the results you're producing externally. But how you feel about yourself because if you too you adopt a belief that selling real estate is going and making 300 000 a year is.

Happy is going to make you happy and you do that you actually go out you get that real estate job and you're making 300 400 000 a year. But you're miserable your wife hates you your kids don't know you and you feel bad about yourself every time you come home that's not a belief system that's working for you right. The belief systems you have should bring value to your life on every level right. Synods asking if you don't mind me asking how's that how's that what specifically oh you're talking to.

Royce never mind okay. All right. I guess it's just well just. Last sentence.

I guess it's just interesting because it's like well obviously most of the people think what's the habit or belief system they are is their identity. But really it's all just like interpretations and it's all like it's all made up rules. I don't know it's just interesting because one of the things you want to look. At is what are your values what are your values what are your rules for having those values satisfied right.

Um and if what you're getting isn't fulfilling those values. Then you have to change them sometimes the values which are the rules that got that we run our life by that determine what's desirable what's not are actually the problem. Then you have to change the values to get a better life to get a better result. I like to think.

I like. I like to think of what we do as pragmatic influence and spirituality or or energetic whatever word you want to put to it at the end of the day you guys come here yeah maybe you want to you know hang out in our. Vibe and it's cool. But really what you guys come here for is to solve problems you got you got problems you want to solve yeah you want to learn new yeah.

I get that. But at the end of the day there's a problem you want to solve and you found it here and you want more and you think this is a good place to look. Your belief your belief systems should allow you to solve problems not cause them and you have to be brutally honest with yourself sometimes is what. I was taught the way.

I was taught creating the results in my life that. I want and if it isn't you owe it to yourself to do anything else to test new beliefs right. Drea go ahead okay. So this opens up another can.

Alone um for me because let's say. I have a situation you're talking about belief systems someone who calls themselves. Christians. But they're racist as yep yeah and that's fine because you know their brain somehow that makes sense and.

So. I just had to deal with someone that. I cut out of my life because their. Christians.

But they're racist yep and they can't see that and it was too toxic for me to stay in proximity with this person. So and. I just try to wrap my like it makes no. Sense to me well let's make a distinction and this isn't okay.

This is one that uh sifu. Johnson um shared with me. I'll. I'll tell his story the way he told it to us and.

Then. I'll overlay it to what you're talking about one of the things that we're trained to do in the taoists uh priest training as well as the. Dallas. Chinese energetic medicine the medical.

Qigong training is removing entities depossessing people for lack of a better that's what you do as a hypnotist. Anyway it's just a different type of entity well sifu. Johnson was telling us about the time uh and at the time he was actually an elder in his church. So he would do little groups on.

Saturday and sing songs and stuff like that and he had this client come in and he did this one through ten pulling down the heavens. Raptor in an energy bubble brought down that and as soon as he brought the. Divine energy in she starts. Grand mauling and frothing at the mouth and basically was possessed sifu was like oh this is what they were talking and he actually removed a bunch of entities and from this person and when she was gone she was like thank you.

God thank you for for the training and stuff and in church the following weekend they had this little group where they were sharing and. So you know what do you have anything you want to share anything you want to share anything and nobody anything on the share. So she goes well. I have something to share.

I had my. First demon-possessed patient today or on this week and you know how one you like you think you're gonna what you're gonna be saying is gonna be. So exciting and thrilling everybody and you just see all the lights go off right. Well he had a you know kind of do the song and dance and kind of let's all sing right.

Change the subject a few few days. Later he's walking through the church and the pastor comes out he's kind of sitting up against the wall because hey. Steve hey brother. Johnson how are you and uh sifu had an idea what it was about she said why don't you step into my office let's have a talk for a minute and he sits down and he said what happened at the the church group on.

Sunday well. I was telling about this that the other thing and. I told him. I had my.

First demon-possessed patient and it didn't go over really well ah and he looked at. Seafood. Johnson he said don't discuss spiritual matters with religious people and sifu goes what do you mean they're not spiritual they're just punching a clock they're paying the debt they're they're trying to get into heaven they're not living the life they're just going through the motions they don't own or embody the the practices that they're supposed to be working on they're just they're just doing their time you're going to meet lots of people who claim to be one thing. But they're just going through the motions because they're not ready to change they're just doing what they were told to do because they told them they were they taught they were told if they do this and they act this way they'll go to heaven.

But that's not spiritual that's religious and. So people will warp their idea of certain practices certain teachings to suit them not having to change and that's it always goes back to denial systems right. If we have to if. I have to be different if.

I have to leave my comfort zone do something or. I could just myself and stay the same most of us most not all you guys hear you're different. But we all have. We.

All. Fall prey to this we ourselves we go into some form of denial and repression and whatever. So you have you know. But.

I think it. I think. Jesus said. I think it was.

Jesus who said it might have been one of the. Apostles by their works you'll know them right. A person's. Behavior is a far deeper indication of who and what they are inside what those ego extensions are it's not a version it's not a it's not a glimpse into their soul it's the identities they've created to survive here which are all based on woundings and.

Trauma every single one of us the identity that we have isn't the real us it with a set of personalities and personality constructs that we created to survive here part of. Enlightenment part of becoming more. Godlike or or. Divine is actually peeling away those things to get back to our soul which is our true self right.

Which means we've got to give up we got to give up rage bias uh hatred um discrimination racism these are all things that separate us and to get the higher thing we have to give up those things. But we've become identified with them and to give them up to give them up is terrifying to us. So when you when you encounter people like that two things realize. First and foremost as hurtful as it is 99 chance has nothing to do with you you're just in the way if somebody else were in that position at that moment they'd have gotten it to right.

Which is hard because we take everything personally right. But. So much of our our reactants and our biases and our bigotries. I'm really never about the person in front of us they're about a person that happened years ago that they're still not over or not done with.

So. I hope that helps yeah it um just. I guess going through this process of trying to clear myself and doing the work and. Then being in a relationship with someone a friendship with someone who really doesn't like black people.

So. Then why you want to be friends with me like. I didn't speak out your friendships. So it just becomes a conundrum to me because there's this one part of this person that is deeply racist.

But. Then you're trying to prove you're not racist by having a black friend gotcha yeah and. So they're trying to you know. I have my token black friend to prove.

I'm not a racist exactly exactly yeah and. So just trying to deal with people's um. I don't know what you would call that. Darkness wounding you can think of it as.

Darkness. But it's really just hurt it's wounding it's it's bad teachings or or negative teachings that are holding that person back that they're not willing to let go of right. Well in the beginning of the relationship. I was trying to help proceed and.

Then. I realized how detrimental that was to me and that's why. I talked about the toxic positivity earlier on because a lot of public toxic positivity it would allow us to stay in the situation that we should have cut and run from no. Matter for me it's a friend family member you know job whatever.

But because. I'm trying to see the the you know. I'm trying to see the light in the person. I'm trying to see the good side of the person.

I'm trying to believe they have you know that there's the possibility for them to change and meanwhile. I'm getting my energy drinks right. And that toxic positivity is not serving me it's actually hurting me absolutely and you have to be true to yourself we had a situation earlier today we've had people you know when we do trainings and stuff like that right. Every now and.

Then you you get you get to you have to work with somebody that skeeves you out that just is like nails on a. Blackboard right. And you have two choices at that moment you can suck it up and just grit your teeth through the experience or you can just be open up front and. I'll say look.

I'm really not comfortable working with you right. Now maybe. Later or maybe some other time. But right.

Now. I'm just not feeling that it's the same idea it's like if you've got somebody that you know is in the in the throes of denial you see their patterns even. Then even if they can't. First of all if you want to make someone hate you point out their patterns okay.

They will hate you you don't you never reveal everything you trust me. I'm a face reader. I do handwriting analysis body like you did. I see some.

I know about your. I know again this is an editorial you. I know about your genitals. I should have no.

Right. Knowing right. Right. Because there's certain parts of the body that indicate certain other parts of the body right.

Just because you see it doesn't mean you say it right. Right. And. So you you evaluate is this healthy for me right.

And if it's not just be up front you don't have to be mean you say look. Right. Right. You seem like a really nice person.

But right. Now. I just don't feel comfortable right. Or or maybe.

I maybe just another is there some other place. I need to be okay. No. No.

You don't have to because or point out their flaws even though they might be blatant or patterns. But even though they're blatantly obvious to you it's not going to make you any friends and it's not going to smooth things over right. And. I think you said earlier about us you know that having that light in you and there are certain energies that want to feed off of you well.

I think as healers. I see in myself and. I have we work hard on this. But.

I see this in a lot of other healers we think just because someone shows up at our door we have to yes. That is a huge misconception and. I have to keep reminding people you are under no. Obligation to heal or work with anyone anytime that is that is that has to be the healer's prerogative okay.

But he learns they get they get energy stuck they get pigeonhole yeah yeah. I understand it completely believe me one of the hardest things. I had to do was learn how to say no. And charging yeah right.

But you remember you're no. Good to the world hurt you're no. Good to the world weak disempowered sick or feeling less than right. You change the world one person at a time starting with you be an example of what an empowered human healer or not actually looks like and you will light other people's candles and when you light other people's candles instead of handing them yours there's more light in the world you're welcome sign on you're up hello hello hi okay.

So um this is this tracks back to uh running someone through the spinning technique and. I. I don't know if this is the wrong time to ask that. So.

I'm just gonna ask it and if it takes us off path you could just ignore it um uh. So when. I was running and. I don't know her name.

But. I was running through the exercise. I told her to slam back into the place where you got it and she put it in a different spot and. Then.

Moss tried to help me answer this question. But. I didn't really get it uh. So the question was um yeah uh what happens to the vacuum do you put something else in.

I mean you could. I guess put something else yeah there's a lot of different ways to handle that. But everything here's here's the here's the hardest part for us healer slash control freaks is we want them to do exactly what we say the way they that we say to do it. But every now and.

Then the client knows they need something slightly different. So what you talked about happens uh maybe for me maybe five less than five percent of time. But it happens enough to be worth talking about a lot of times you'll have somebody take something out and they'll spin it the opposite way and you ask them to put it back in and they don't want to put it back in or as in your case they want to put it somewhere else and. I.

I thanked her for that because. I. I appreciate that she showed me something else that can be done in that situation. So what happens is you you just do something else you say okay.

Well why don't you just give that to me. Then and what. I usually do is. I'll go over to the garbage can or.

I'll go into the bathroom and you'll. I'll throw it in and flush the toilet right. And say okay. You got this space there what do you want there instead and.

Then. I'll fill it with something else all you gotta do it through speaking instead yeah right. Because. I don't like vacuums.

I don't like holes in people's answers. But some people they're perfectly happy with the whole hmm right. It's if the person's okay. With it that's all that matters right.

That's one of the hardest things for healers to really especially with this approach to wrap their heads around like one of the things that if you get in when you get to regression we start talking about what do you want instead and. Steven. Spielberg moments right. And they start to imagine what they want and they tell you what it is they want and in your head you're going schmuck because you could think of.

So many other things that would be better in your mind for them they're way more. Kick-Ass and yet what they want is this little middle from your perspective right. Yeah what. I get that client says and that's that you could because you can always make it different right.

But you start with what what whatever the neurology generates the neurology except sometimes they give me little stories or they tell me what they want and. I can't figure out if that's a good thing or not. So. I literally have to ask.

I said is that a good thing they go yes. Excellent let's go with that right. When in doubt ask right. Yes.

Sir. But be very very open to any changes or deviations from the process that the client needs yeah and a lot of times they'll tell you it's not this it's this and you say okay. Well like. Seth has a great story about one of the very.

First. I'll let him is it. Seth are you still here yeah all right. Tell them about that story we're dealing with the mathematician or whatever oh the spinning yeah okay.

So you know. I had learned spinning and. I started doing it out with real people and of course the. First one.

I dealt with happened to be a mathematician. So. I asked her you know take it pull it out it's spinning which way is it spinning and she looks at and says it's spinning simultaneously around two perpendicular axes and four dimensions okay. I'm enough of a mathematician to actually understand that.

But ever since. Then. I've asked people show me which way it's spinning um. So it's limited to something they can make their hands do right.

So the idea is is you're going to get just like the previous question about oh it's not spinning it's a big lump of sludge right. You're going to get all kinds of crazy metaphors yeah it does it's vibrating okay. Stop it yeah whether it's doing ask them what's the opposite of that make it that yeah forever to say. I don't want to put it back and okay.

Where do you want to put it. I want to put it over there okay. Put it over there tell me what happens oh that's better right. That we have to build into the process the the situational awareness and the flex the behavioral flexibility to remember that the the whether we want to believe this or not the client is actually the expert on their nervous system and if their nervous system generates it they'll accept it if we give it to them it's kind of the difference between a cloned organ and a transplanted organ right.

Which one has a higher percentage of being rejected the transplant or the. Clone. So what do. I do with a suggestion to put it back where it was do.

I make a new suggestion that in some possibility where do you want it instead where else do you what do you want to do with it whenever they tell you you. Echo it back and that's what you do and. Then if you feel like if you could put something in that spot that would be awesome that you would absolutely love instead what might that be and. Then you have them generated energize it and fill that spot the answers are here's the thing the answers are always in the questions because the moment you ask the question the neurology generates the response it fills that space that's why we call.

Yin formations. Yin formations because the stem creates a hole that the neurology fills with its own content which it never resists and always accepts. So that's the premise when we're working with a nervous system the nervous system caused the problem to begin with. So the nervous system can change it you'll never get the resistance if you use what they give you even if we think oh man.

I could have come up with something way better than that right. Does that help thank you yep you're welcome um. Jax you're up kind of a quick question here related to what um the other lady said. I can't remember her name uh.

So if. I have. I think. I've asked you this before.

But if. I have someone who. I don't know um there's a situation where the gal that was trying to commit suicide. So she said and um when.

I got to talking to her she suddenly wanted me to become her teacher and. I. I didn't know what else to say. But it just kind of blurted out um no.

Because you're not ready for it. I hate to say that because it pisses people off yeah. But at the same time how the hell do. I know for sure whether or not they're ready for it it took.

Her another two years to. Finally pull her out together and get off the dope. So were you right. I was all right.

Then there you go remember here's the hard part especially when it comes to being spiritual doing the right. Thing is rarely the easy thing all right. It may be the simple thing. But it's never easy right.

Especially when we see someone who has all this enthusiasm and excitement and they're telling us how amazing we are and how much they want to learn from us and yet they can't balance their checkbook. Or or you know they're they're dilettanting everything they're just bouncing from class to class to class. But never really accomplishing anything right. You have to look.

At the patterns of people's behavior you know um a lot of people like there's a lot of. Gatekeepers in the world and some of that gatekeeping. Roy says. I resemble that remark there's a lot of.

Gatekeepers in the world and there's a lot of people who feel that certain people certain kinds of people shouldn't have certain kinds of information. Then there's other. Gatekeepers who think they are the only ones who shafts certain kinds of information because it helps them stay special right. Right.

Um you're always it's better to be an for a moment than a schmuck for the rest of your life or or regretting for the rest of your life because you didn't do the right. Thing in the right. Moment right. My wife and.

I went through this you know we used to get into argument says look. I'm gonna be an for about a minute and a half rather than resent you for the. Next 10 years right. Right.

So you need to be a you know rip the. Band-Aid off or try to let it fall off on its own and it's just do the right. Thing and which is not always easy especially when you're a deeply compassionate soul and a. Healer and you know how much they're counting on you or relying on certain things from you.

But it has to be there has to be a value both ways and if taking on a student or a person is not ready to handle the power that you're giving him the skills or the knowledge that you're handing them that's gonna that's gonna blow up on both of you well. I know that the skill even now wouldn't. I would not bring her to this group or any other group we all have to start you know we all start from a darker place and migrate to light some just get there faster than others most people would look. At my origin story and say oh what an what a parasite what a predator because of the things.

I wanted when. I was younger. But it was that those. Pursuits that led me to light to lend me to to understand the concepts and the techniques and the things.

I was doing from a different angle in perspective we all have to start somewhere right. And and one of the problems is is that none of us like to be told we we're not good enough or we're not ready none of us like to hear that. But sometimes it's the most powerful most transformational thing we can hear either because it makes us look. At ourselves differently or because it really really pisses us off and we become super determined to learn it.

Anyway and in that super determination that came from us being pissed off we become the person who deserves to have it poster child right. All right. Anybody else got another hand. Moss.

So this is just like in the. Last conversation um. I figured. I'd check because.

I'm curious when um. I forget the name here now um. Synod had asked before was you know sometimes people will put the energy you've spun back in just into a different location like a lot of the time. I'll say put it backwards and do the most good right.

Um and. So the question had come out of well if they're putting it back somewhere else is there now a void or that was a presupposition that there would be avoid where it came out of and. So and. I'm curious your opinion like my my assertion is kind of like you're putting the back in the system it's generalizing through the system it's filling the system out.

So there's not going to be left to avoid um because you've put the energy back in the system and it's going wherever it needs to go if it needs to go somewhere back there it'll end up there where it needs to be um and. So. I don't know that was just kind of like the assertion that. I had.

But. I figured. I'd check with you because it never occurred to me to to think about it. So that that may be true.

I don't risk it. So if you see someone put the energy back in they pull it out of their head they put it into their chest do you. Then proactively go and also fill out their head or just this early generalize that. I would generally ask them.

I said there's a space up here where uh where that problem used to be what would you like there instead okay. One. Second guys the kids are arguing um girls all right. Sorry about that interesting thing happened when the 10 year old meets the 13 year old and they fight over the remote all right.

So. Anyway um the energy. May balance out. But because of my previous energy trainings and stuff like that.

I. I still tend to think of there being a vacuum there. So. I always want to put something in it do.

I need to maybe maybe not. I just feel better about what. I've done if. I said what do you want there instead they tell me.

I spin it or. I color breathe it and. I fill that space with what they want that makes it better do. I have to do that maybe not.

But. I feel better about the process doing it. Draya how do you look. For animals.

I'm sorry how do you use this these techniques to heal animals um well the problem with animals is getting to do what you say right. Can you tell the point to where they feel it they kind of just look. At you well. I wouldn't think you know stuff like that.

But like. But like these technique yeah any any pure energetic intervention can work fine on an animal my wife heals goldfish right. She she would walk up to goldfish that's like upside down and. Then in like 30 minutes to think swimming around all over the place she's worked on dogs dogs are very animals in general are very very sensitive to radiance and.

So every energy every non-volutions how do. I say this any technique that we have any energetic technique you have that does not rely on suggestion or language works fine even languaging because sound imagination how would we use that um because. I understand. I'm a.

Reiki master. So. I know. I can use.

Reiki. But in the context of what you see is there anything that. I can scan the body scan the body still four places where there's um projections or protrusions indentations hot spots and cold spots your hand if there's a deficiency your hand will usually get sucked to that space if there's an excess it'll usually push away you want to you want a clean health raise and um yeah there's different ways to do it with. Reiki there it's it's very simple in medical.

Qigong there's a little bit more involved chronic healing is the same thing. So you want to connect to the divine do your one through ten three. Divine invocations wrap them in an energy ball place a. Vortex underneath them that goes to the.

Center of the. Earth clean the the three-way. Chief fields okay. And.

Then start working on uh the head the heart um the basic the center line of the body to clean out each of the individual organs and. Then energize it with. Divine. Light seal the aura and um do another treatment every every couple days because an energy treatment usually lasts about three days okay.

Yeah before it starts to fade. So that's one of the problem the challenge that we have with uh dealing with animals is we can't access directly access their. Spirit or mental body if we could do that we could just point to feel it zap it out now another thing you can do you can do this remotely is you can in the dream state you can go into the animal's. Shen or you can go into one of their three bodies and you can look.

For you can actually do like gray rooms and. Universal solvents on them uh and things of that nature and as long as you have connection and you can access the energy body even remotely you can do things okay. And also you can also charge water either through the. Reiki system or through the.

Bankston system uh in the. Chinese medical. Qigong they'll they'll they'll pull in a. Divine like if we're working on herbs or water or something they'll write a.

Talisman charge the. Talisman burn it throw it in the water and have the person drink it you could you could do that very very easily with a dog or a pet create the. Talisman using your. Reiki symbols charge it up burn it throw it in the water dissolve it and let them let them consume it okay.

Thank you anybody else. David yes. Sir um as a matter of fact um it was a good person and. I apologize.

But she was mentioning about animals um. I. I've listened to uh. Hindu mantras um and.

YouTube was just free for a long time they're. So potent um to the extent that if. I listen to him long enough my um my chakras vibrates like like a lot of meditation and they also have clearing mantras and my dog is privy to that because he's in the car. So you'll listen to to them all day.

So you know my belief is that he's gotten a lot of benefit from it absolutely because it's the vibration remember if you if you. I know you're you have a medical degree. So if you actually if you go to a chiropractor or you go to a massage therapist or you go to an acupuncturist or you go to a lot of regular. MDS your cells are made of basically five energies heat light sound electricity and magnetism you go to a medical doctor what are they going to treat you with heat lights out energy magnetism you go to a chiropractor eat light.

Sound. Energy magnetism right. So the skill of energy is about working with these five elements. So when you're dealing with chanting it's the vibration and the energy of the vibration that actually creates the effect.

So when you do sound like. I teach sound work like how to do how to use your own body to project sounds and divine energies and stuff like that there's trainings for that. So sound work and and that kind of thing can be very very powerful for. Animals because it's about the vibration and the energy and the vibration rather than the meaning behind the words itself okay.

Stacy. So. I. I guess since.

I'm like the one who took. It out of one place and put it back in another place. I. I'm like kind of.

Second guessing myself a little to think maybe. I combined two different techniques because in my head. I thought in the process where we're filling up all the cells with the color um like the new color going back in. So.

I guess. I'm. I don't get the the void concept no. That's fine remember what matters is what you believe is happening okay.

Right. When. I mean. I don't.

I don't put a lot of stock in belief. But when we're when we're putting things back into ourselves it's the associations we make that. Empower that that transformation. So a few things going into all yourselves it is part of a room with it and everything you can yeah.

So that's what. I thought that and there's a lazy factor of no. I'm not gonna like why am. I gonna it's energy why am.

I gonna work harder. I'm just gonna slam it into the nearest most convenient place. I'm not gonna work that heart well okay. I can't speak to laziness.

But uh as long as you got out of it as you guys as long as you came out of the process better than you went in you're golden yeah. I did. I'm just like. Second guessing myself if.

I need to make sure. I working with a client make sure. I'm adding extra language in because. I don't want to end up because my frame is is energy and it you know and if.

I'm giving a direction to have it fill all the cells and and do test tube thing and fill the room. I don't want to inhibit my clients experience because of my frame or my assumptions yeah. I just check in with the client if the client's happy you're happy right. Um again whatever you know there's there's certain mechanics at play.

But the belief systems and the expectations of the person many times will modify the what your system does with it and as long as they're they're happy. Then you're good right. Okay. Now all of a sudden they come back if all of a sudden they come back in their head spinning like.

Linda. Blair because there was a hole in the energy field and some demon came in okay. Course correction all right. But more often than not you're fine.

But if you're filling it like filling everything filling the room doesn't that automatically fill in a void can. But remember that we're filling the room. First largely to create a space that that has an abundance of that frequency and. Then we're physically putting things and manipulating the system aren't they breathing that through yes.

My technique either. So that's why. I've no. Asking again when.

I'm giving your guidelines when people ask me about what about this or what about that. I give you my thinking process on it if that resonates with you do it if it doesn't resonate and you have a different reason for why you do what you do that's fine too at the end of the day they're just guidelines okay. And you have to evaluate from case to case to case are they done right. And the client will tell you how they feel and that's what you go by it's always the client who tells you where they're at right.

Okay. Great thank you um anybody else all right. Well it is officially six o'clock you guys made it we didn't get a chance to practice our color breathing. But hopefully you guys will get together and uh if it's not filled with good it may fill with bad okay.

Again. I'm a firm believer that nature of course a vacuum and if you leave a space. Something's. Gonna.

Come. Along and fill it. But if you believe that the energy. I've filled in the room will fill in that space with the right.

Kind of energy it will the energy is yours you program it. However you want. So again like. I said.

I give you the guidelines. I give you the rationale behind why. I do what. I do if it resonates with you and you get results from it great if you do something else or you're dealing with a client who you know has two um vertices or arbiting in four-dimensional space um and it's just a big pile of goo you have to you have to modify the techniques to to make that work and that's what makes a good therapist a good therapist isn't somebody who cookie cutters everybody is somebody who understands a basic rule of thumb and has the flexibility to pay attention and change as the client needs to change ask the right.

Questions and follow those answers. So that being said if you enjoyed tonight please tell everybody about our. Diamond program tell everybody about the. Mastermind if you're going to be in the.

SoCal area starting. Next month and you want to come and do this stuff live there's no. Extra charge if you're already a member you just show up and we play uh we'll stream as much of it as we can the. Next.

AMA should be should be. Monday the 4th if. I'm not mistaken okay. I hope you guys had a good time please like and share and um how many you guys are coming just before.

I log off how many guys are actually thinking about coming or want to come to internal power secrets of internal power all right. If um do you need me to repost the links okay. Let me do that really quick uh here we go yes. Um.

So um when. I was a kid it was like local karate schools and a lot of a lot of aggressive bravado there um is it can you have to part of the the curriculum was being taught how to take pain and how to learn how to get hit is do you do that yes. But. I what.

I like about. Systema is that it has a much gentler. Progressive way to do that um it's actually a lot of fun and it's not it's terrifying at. First because system is the only art.

I found that actually teaches you how to deal with fear by the way um as of right. Now that secret zero zero four coupon code gets you a 300 discount on the seminar if you click it today after this training. I'm going to go and it's going to become a 20 coupon which is going to be a significantly smaller discount. So if you want to take advantage and get the biggest bang for your buck grab that link.

Royce. I just posted it. I'll post it again here's the coupon code come on dude that's the coupon code here's a link and. Christine did you have a question oh yes.

When um. I don't remember us having our. Second. AMA for this month we we didn't do it because we didn't have time oh okay.

Yeah um. But yeah. So we'll try to pick up with our regular meetups by the way meetups are gonna move um. So.

I said it was going to be. September 4th it may very well be. September 8th which is a. Friday okay.

But you'll get the notification well in advance okay. Um all right. Jack you have a question are you gonna do away with this. Mastermind in general are you going to keep oh no.

We're gonna we're gonna stream it. But we we highly encourage if you can get to the live practice to do that. I'm up in. Washington everybody's got an excuse yeah well you know.

But thank you you're welcome all right. You guys have fun you learned some stuff yeah thank you go out change the world one person at a time starting with you good night. God bless. I love you thank you.

David.
