Title: wnFOSHzYz94.txt
Video Id: wnFOSHzYz94
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wnFOSHzYz94

[Music] better than any pre-programmed anchors you'll never go wrong okay. So we have one half sum we stop breaking bad no. I'm saying okay. Let's deal with the joe's issue he has many.

But let's talk about habits. I'm gonna talk about specifically how many of you guys have things that habits you'd like to have more of okay. So back when. I was studying peak performance and.

NLP for martial arts training purposes with dr. john laaser ed he would talk about something he lovingly called the [ __ ] sandwich now this is not necessarily a a habit development tool. But it is a procrastination braking tool and the way that is the way that the structure of this is you-you-you think of something if there's something that you don't want to do or something you've been putting off you do something you like. Then you do the thing you don't want to do or testing and. Then you give yourself a nice big activity that you would like afterwards that you have something to look.

Forward to after you've done it. So the the the functional term is [ __ ] sandwich right. That goes in line there's a great book. For those of you who are interested in have work in fact.

I'm probably gonna do a whole a whole identity by design or self mastery supercharger level 2 all on habit work and one of the big resources for that is going to be atomic habits it's a book. Great book. For those of you in the influence and behavioral influence fields extremely useful book. On a lot of different levels.

But one of the techniques he talks about in that book. Is called habit stacking and the way this works is you something that you. Oh a good habit that you do something you like to do something that is just useful for you like brushing your teeth and you link a new habit to that right. There was a.

I forget when this. Denise desert it was a. French poet who was poor most of his life and. Then one day he received a hundred thousand pound or a hundred thousand a thousand gold duck yet or whatever was they called a hundred thousand dollars in those times from some royalty who was a big fan of his writing and the.

First in a. First thing he did is he went out and bought this really nice coat right. And. Then he looked at his coat and they look.

At all the raggedy clothes. Next to the coat he said that doesn't fit it doesn't work. So we started buying newer stuff and he just kept buying and buying and buying the whole idea is one habit triggers a domino. Effect of other habits right.

It's like you can't eat just one potato chip right. Small habit at least to another leads to another leads to another. So you can take this and use it what we call habit stacking. So you take the habit that you already have that's already in place and you link the habit that you want more of to that.

So like every time you brush your teeth you automatically floss writer every time you weigh yourself you go drink 8 ounces of water you install the new habit immediately following a habit you already have. But make it small make it a small innocuous common habit one that's already hardwired in and will make it easy to keep that momentum going ok. Now if we're as hypnotist we can accelerate this process especially using identity by design we can go in we can clear all the blocks to taking action to begin with and. Then we can rehearse mentally in the state.

X. Y. X causes. Y.

X is the cause and effect structure brush your teeth floss brush you know weigh yourself drink water right. You just link those habits together and. Then you can create whole chains and sequences of that based on what something you've already linked in okay. Does that make sense yeah great story to lose with a coke port yeah love it yeah it's in the book.

So. I forget the author's name. But it was a yes. I know that.

I don't know if is the same book. But it's like. H which it also if it talks about the yeah because you've already done the work if you think about it neurologically speaking you've already done the work you've created the neurological pathway it's already automated right. So link it right.

That's this and those who have been in my earlier classes as. I say in. NLP one of the big presuppositions in. NLP is that the clients have all the resources that they need to create a new change they want one of the biggest lies in.

NLP because if they had all the resources they need it they wouldn't be in your [ __ ] chair right. The one resource they don't have is you because you're the one that knows how to help them find the resources or create the resources within themselves right. So when. I teach what.

I teaching them and the reason. I brought that up as a little style is just a sidebar. But what. I teach you guys when.

I when it goes to resourcing if. I have to choose between creating a resource through imaginations or tapping into a pre-existing resource based on a memory or series of experiences. I go with the series of experiences. First why amplitude the neurological pathways have been rehearsed set in built up there's more there's more push to it.

I can still use the imagined resource. But. I got to use a lot more repetition and emotion to get it to work. So don't make your job harder yes.

Do something there already you like something they're already doing well link something to it that makes sense yes. Yeah okay. Questions from our mighty. Jeff by the way do you have anything you want to learn this week are you just here for the beer which means you're in deep [ __ ] there's actually some really good cookies over there the.

TJ bro meat was. TJ. Oh. Joe brought them all right.

Joe you're all my you're my hapless. So that's when. I would start with list a bunch of innocuous habits tying your shoes wiping your butt kind of when we're not gonna forget right. But whatever it is link it to something you're doing and just keep doing it yeah and.

Then he can just abstract that. Then he can run through that whole sequence once the new habit is installed now it becomes usable as a paste yeah and. Then he can use an actual experience to go through the habits once again. So again we can take all it you know we have a basic process.

Then we can use the tools of older stage hypnosis. NLP to accelerate and deepen it would it just work if you just did it by rote yes. Can we make it better theoretically is that useful okay. [Music] okay.

Diderot that's the guys name. Denis. Diderot well. French poet for those who are into.

French poetry looks like we're moving into well good place to segue into energetics is actually your favorite in mine hey sweetie or not really. I'll just do it the hard way. I went on to thirdly. I wanted it the easy way.

I have. So many pages this is from. CPI too [Music] area alright. Let me just erase this stuff all right.

So. First and foremost face reading is actually one of the oldest is an element of. Chinese medicine. So the most of you know.

I finished. I finished my doctorate in. November that was a climactic experience when. I'll need therapy for for the.

Next two years. But fortunate. I know a guy and if you go to some of the earliest books on. Chinese medicine the very.

First page after you open the cover is a picture of all the facial markings on the face was one it was a valid form of. Chinese medical diagnosis still is used predominately not. So much in. TCM a little facial colorations and things like that are very are still quite often used.

But there's a whole other deeper level science to this and this is where we start to verge into this idea of holographic memory as well as the even the the totality of the human being being a holographic vibrational construct a series of interlocking vibrational filters think in terms of okay. Why won't you move. Anyway yeah we all know what a filter is right. Or a prism rather right.

White light goes in and. Then you have red and yellow and green and blue because this bends the light right. We all know how prism works human beings and their chakra systems you want to use the esoteric side of it if you want to use it in terms of that or is basically the equivalent of a vibrational prism the filter is that energy passed us through that information passed through our refracted and they debt they express you this is why when you start working with people and unpacking the emotions and markings of the face their faces change sometimes very dramatically right. In front of you.

But face has change over time. Anyway how many people have. I don't expect. I don't know if.

I can pull it up right. Now there's some pictures and take your time why don't you just face reading face reading face reading here we go. Lillian has some great examples in her book. Or not okay.

Maybe. I won't use it today. Anyway. Lilia has some some great examples in her book.

Of couples the pictures of the couples taken like 30 years apart one on the day they got married or when they were dating another 30 years. Later marriage and the faces have changed they morph to look. Like each other you see the same thing happened with people in their heads why it's morphic resonance okay. The morning before we become the more our outer our filters start to align the more we have the same refractions okay.

In when we're dealing with matchmaking which is wasn't it was an application that face-reading was used for extensively business work legal work as well as matchmaking you want as many facial features similar to the partner as possible the more the features are are similar in nature the more compatible they tend to be. So you'll see once again like we've talked about in. NLP like we've talked about in vibrational influence is that there's a feedback loop always going on that is what you know as. Matt is pacing and leading and matching and marrying people's gestures a way to get rapport or is it a signer before the answer is yes.

So there's always that feedback loop going on when we talked about this in. CPI too when you start telling stories the hemispheres of the listeners brain starts to sink and aligned with the step with the storyteller and at. First it lags behind. Then it keeps pace and.

Then it starts to predict because the human neurology is always predicting what's gonna happen. Next and. Then correcting for the error right. Do you say this all this starts to kind of come together right.

So the idea is saying our connection is always about matching vibration okay. And the consequence of matching those vibrations is you're going to start to look. Like the people you connect with okay. And to a greater or lesser.

I've literally seemed like during. I've noticed a session someone comes in said a very suppressed life their their power has been kind of beaten down and you remove those blocks and they step back into their power and their brow bone goes it's like the proverbial turkey baster when the turkeys done it pops out it's like the beginning of session just you know she had dark eyebrows. But very flat by the end she had this roof shooting kind of report it was like boom oh. I'm a plastic surgeon didn't know.

So when we look. At the face why is it there we go the. First thing. I wanted before we start getting into emotions.

I think. Microsoft is just out to get me and it's high comedy watching me do this. I go through this [ __ ] every single time that. I have to deal with we'll talk about peach luck probably.

I don't know if we get to it today that's something more for charisma training. But the. First thing. I want to talk about is in terms of looking at somebody's head you have three zones and four how many of you have a training in a handwriting analysis or anything like that none of you okay.

So the. First thing you want to look. At is you want to you want to divide the head yeah well depends on your attitude. I guess that'd be good why oh there we go you want to divide the head into right.

And left right. Side of the face is public persona this is the face we show the world this is how we want to be perceived by the people outside left side of the face is your private side if you ever if you ever have an opportunity there's an app. I don't know if it's still around it's called facer which actually takes a picture of you and. Then it divides your face in half and.

Then it superimposes to right. Sides together and to left sides together and you can see you have very very different faces okay. So you can look. At how people are versus how they want to be bye-bye and when and because most people tend to be right.

Eye dominant we tend to look. At the right. Side of the face through our right. Eye.

So we only see the public persona. So when we look. At people we want to know what's going on privately with them we want to look. Through our left eye at the left side of their face okay.

And you'll notice that there's an asymmetry in most people's faces okay. So factor that in when you're dealing with people out in the business world you want to relate to them as they want to be seen you want to play to the image they're saying to the world if you want to influence them intimately you play to their pulp their private face how do we do that creating values a chilly night you just listen differentiating values which goes right. To their emotional reasons for why they do everything emotion from a criterion values are context dependent. So you can use it anywhere.

But if you yeah echo is always echo you're never wrong at going whether it's professional or personal you're never gonna be wrong at going remember we want to get them neurologically engaged we member the. Chinese didn't have the benefit of criteria and value solicitation right. They were gonna look. At somebody and know who they were in public versus if how different they were in private right.

And that's why asymmetry asymmetrical faces really exceedingly a symmetrical faces creep us out one of the key indicators of physical attraction is facial symmetry and if you think about it makes sense the face you show the world versus who you really are yeah okay. So those are two things that are. I think are that we would start with when we start looking at at the the geography of the head and how it relates to how people think and process information we want to look. At three zones upper zone middle zone lower zone your upper zone is your mental zone one.

Second let me do this why is that. So big. I knew somebody better jump in and say you were quiet the whole time he was just waiting for the right. Moment.

Anyway. So the upper zone the upper zone is your mental zone this is somebody who's very data-driven right. How many people ever met my uh well look. At.

Joe pull your hair line up see that forehead that's a data forehead see that forehead that's a data forehead data forehead right. Very very large upper zone you measure from the the rim of the eyebrow to the hairline bigger that and you have to look. At that yeah you're pretty balanced up in here yeah you have a very rectangular face actually. So if you look.

At where he is here and. I do this you see how the difference the zones are. So people who have a very large upper zone few how many people my back my my partner. Brandon with a.

North encounter okay. Ever see his head he looks like a crown diamond you ever see that. Mike he's cutting is like here and he stuck to get no. Chin down here right.

He's got this big triangular head right. Very the guy's in love with spreadsheets every time. I start talking about business my eyes. Cross because he starts referencing spreadsheet after spreadsheet did he's a data cruncher.

So if you start talking to him about passion and pleasure and and impulses and spontaneity he's gonna like huh he's not it's not gonna resonate as much as why because he's data. First right. When you start working with people who have a highly developed middle zone these are people who are extremely practical very pragmatic they want to know how they can use it how it's gonna work for them how it's gonna make their life easier how many things they can do it to get a little risque to quote the they like the the great. Steve.

P whenever confronted with something interesting. But obviously useless information he would say how is that going to get me more [ __ ] right. That was that was that was his test how can. I use it how's it gonna make my life easier.

So when you've got somebody who's got a very developed middle zone that's what you leave with you lead with what how is that gonna make their life easier how's it going to get them more money how's it going to get them make them have to work less hard. So it makes sense people who have a very loved strong lower zone these people are very instinctive emotional and often intuitive they don't make they make decisions instinctively they tend to be very intuitive they're not going to be as focused on the data they're gonna yeah they're gonna have a gut feeling about something and they can do it they tend to be a little more spontaneous right. Which would drive data crunchers crazy right. They'll often come to the same conclusion just differently right.

Is it true for guys they have watched this that's real level lived it where they have a jolly well think about what happens when you have an abundance of testosterone what happens to the job what happens to your emotional reactivity don't you get what happens when. I have too much roids going on you get very explosive and aggressive don't you. But it's not just explosive and aggressive you get triggered faster right. You're more spontaneous you're more emotional you're more instinctive right.

It just makes you more of what you already are testosterone is the jaw gross mm-hmm because it makes you more aggressive right. And you'll see that if use if you're someone who's you know like. I. I have a lot of would.

But. I don't have. I have what. I call.

Yin would. So most of my. Yin is internal if. I would start training really hard and doing a lot of that stuff after.

I got done turning my body on again myself in a fact might joggle. But you need to see it the eyebrows the eyebrow bones themselves are our would areas and that the jaw itself is very powerful if you want to look. TJ has a great story about when he was actually researching face shapes and stuff like that you want to talk about that come up here disembodied voice from nowhere by the way just as inside look. At.

Kate look. At. Katie's face here's her temples here's her cheekbones what's she on middle zone you see how big right. She's off her cheekbones also tell us when they when the cheekbones have a little bit of a slant behind these are people who are very adventurous right.

But she likes to like she will like she likes to go to interesting places and do interesting things not necessarily take physical risk. But she'll she'll try a new restaurant she'll go to a new country she'll you know that's kind of she's okay. With that you have the same thing you have very very powerful cheekbones right. She's very connected to her family you can tell that by the way the earlobes connect to the ears now that may or may not be a good connection right.

Yeah it's not about whether you like them or not. But they they they strongly impact you you're still kind of connected to that somebody it raised a hand or something else get good sorry. AJ at the one of the locations that we do a lot of our trainings at it's over by. Qualcomm their main offices and stuff like that well they've got a food court there and we've been going over all of this stuff tonight.

I wanted to go grab some food well. I'm waiting for my order. I started looking around for heads this big jaw is almost non-existent throughout the entire food court area and. I went over bike welcome these are all eggheads brainiacs big time right.

And. So when you start looking at your environment if you're wondering what what kind of industry is going around. I'm used to. I did construction for years what do you think you see in construction areas yeah don't an agent you know not a.

CrossFit gym per se. But maybe. I'm an agent and look. At the jaw lines look.

At the bat look. At the brow bones right. There's a physiognomies that optimizes you for specific activities right. And it's not an accident how about you people like you have done.

So many things in life like how is that note. So much related like starting from cars and you do a scan once you told me like what do you see on my face when you look. So the symmetric the sense of purpose is. But am i balanced or my violently what's it.

I said. Bella's look. At the three zones and by the way it's not it's interior's the take away your not one you're all three. But there's a processing order right.

So if. I'm looking at somebody like looking for. Katie for example alright. She has a she has a real strong middle zone she's got a pretty good lower zone and.

Then the upper zone. So. I'm gonna talk to her about all the ways she can use what we're gonna take. So it's gonna make her life awesome she's gonna have the best time ever and now.

I'm gonna show you all the feel of the fact look. At her. I'm present the information. I present the information based on the physiognomies right.

So. I can and that actually has a loose correlation to myers-briggs thinker feeler judger right. Into it or vs. sensor right. So just ideas didn't there are no.

Law if we start thinking of things in terms of the neurology you'll start to see correlations right. And that's again why would. I do at home at night when the power's out you could use this to start looking at their their makeup. Then if you see somebody with high brow data this car has higher safety statistics we've got these statistics the the you know if you go do the.

Kelly. Blue. Book. You're going to find all of these things if you see this here evil shadow when they see you driving this thing yeah we're gonna bring you over to the truck yeah this thing this one think of all the places.

I think. I'll be able to take this car of what you're going to be able to share with your family what what kind of experiences you're going to be able to use these are the different ways that you can use this technology all right. That's just two things left and right. Lower middle high good.

DJ right. Very stuffed thank you - right. So. I think now's the time for an exercise let's go read each other's faces now just can.

I pick on you. Jeff come on buddy do you are you very physical very physical a bit look. At his jaw. Jeff likes his pleasure you see how you see and.

Stefan has it has a similar jala you see how big this joy is this guy's got a lot of willpower this guy will fight for what he believes is right. Right. If he thinks something's right. He's gonna stand up he's not gonna cave just cuz the rest of the group is caving okay.

When you have a big big jaw have someone who's very very idealistic very very willful verb tend to be a tendency to being stubborn they also tend to be good at athletics all right. Will you start to develop a lot of bone here it starts to become a little bit more problematic it starts to become more you can go to one of two ways if it's very soft it tends to be more hedonistic if it becomes it becomes very hard and very bony it tends to become more dictatorial these people crave and demand and need power over other people right. And yeah. I'm not saying he's that well.

I don't know him. I'm not saying he's that way or not. But and it doesn't have to be bad it can be people who just they like to be in control they like to tell people what to do make sure things are getting done because that's how they are right. But that's something that you want to look.

When you see somebody who's got those big pronounced you're looking at somebody who you got to align with their values really really quick or you're gonna be butting heads left and right. They don't like to be told what to do alright. If you got somebody who has a very weak or or soft jawline these people tend to have more situational ethics they're easily swayed and they'll change their their emotional outlook. Based on the dynamics of the group or environment okay.

Thank you. India from. Indiana yes. Cool.

So this is fun if you want to look. At and what's interesting about dictatorial jawlines is that most people who develop them don't start with them if you look. At early pictures of mostly nice. Stalin or.

Hitler or actually not not. Hitler um. Mussolini. Stalin.

Idi. Amin you can see the after picture if they have these men sauna the same huge jaw lines. But if you look. At the younger pictures the faces are more rectangular or over they develop something causes them to develop it can be maybe the choices they make it may be this the environment that they're in maybe a comment.

I don't know what it is. But they tend to develop those jaw lines now if you get someone who's got like a head like a cinderblock like really super square these are like your your superhero soldier right. They're like all right. There you see they think the consummate military general is a square head right.

Very earthy very solid very you know relentless and how they do think. So you can start to kind of extrapolate right. Doesn't mean they're always this way these are just the trend that makes sense. But it's it's reliable enough between three thousand years that they're still using it.

So. So what. I'd like us to do now is. I'd like to just start playing with this idea of looking at zones and looking at right.

Side left side now we'll come back and we'll start looking at some emotions and. Then maybe we'll doing some more faith we'll do some more readings and and see how we go with that that okay. Yes. Okay.

Let's take let's take 20 minutes for this do at least three people as the subject three people as the you know as the reader and we'll come back and we'll build on that you guys at home find a face and read it you can't go out on the patio. I needed steer. I didn't tell you things well actually not country he was standing and she was. I didn't see her no.

The guide is waiting on that side. I became confident the door was open. But. Anthony was over the patient.

Stephanie talked to. TJ.
