Title: How To Read Anyone Instantly With Chinese Medicine -  Personality Profiling Secrets
File Name: WpSnTDQEqVc.txt
Video Id: WpSnTDQEqVc
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WpSnTDQEqVc

And just relax deeper the things that make me feel smarter stronger more confident they're gonna increase in direct proportion to the amount of a pleasure you can though big picture. I take his head. I take his hip. I dropped it the best thing about the past is that it's gone the things you're carrying around in your head they have information that's distorted they're imperfect photographs is there a significant shift from their normal baseline behavior when they lie that's this way of teaching you to take the random this is not my name is.

David. Schneider. I am a certified practitioner and trainer in neuro linguistic programming licensed acupuncturists and diplomate of oriental medicine also a certified hypnosis trainer. I would teach self-defense.

So what do all these things have in common two words pattern recognition learning how to understand and pay attention to the body in ways that most people don't even realize are possible my specialty is the treatment and elimination of illness that has as its cause repressed emotion welcome to face reading and secrets of. Chinese medical hypnotherapy the course that never existed until today this class like. I said is a is a synthesis of several distant different disciplines with a large part of it coming from my experiences in the in the realm and the the field of. Chinese facial diagnosis.

Chinese medical facial diagnosis which actually has a very long history in the. Chinese. Chinese culture at least 5,000 years that we know of okay. Chinese facial diagnosis is a very large part of.

Chinese medicine we can diagnose pretty much the entire system of the body through facial change coloration changes in the face different areas of the body correspond to different organ systems and things like that we're gonna go through this anymore let's all turn our cell phones off. I'm one of the biggest offenders of that. I was teaching a webinar. Last night my cell phone went off nine times and it was the same person every time yeah this is the class on energetic psychotherapy that's what.

I call it okay. There's gonna be a very strong energetic component in what we do there's gonna be very strong spiritual component in what we do and what. I mean by that is and it doesn't really it's not about religion. So for say it's about understanding that you are more than this physical body that there is a totality to your being that is processed holographically like white light is passed through a prism we express information as it passes through our system on multiple channels multiple levels simultaneously the.

Chinese embraced this idea of many many centuries ago in our modern. Jerome ardent modern terminology and our modern jargon we would call it holographic or fractal okay. In going through many of the aspects of this process. I saw a lot of correlations and crossovers between what we do as hittin the therapists and what.

Chinese face reading is trying to do in its own way. So there are many different aspects to the face this one the one you guys keep taking pictures of which by the way is in your notes right. It's just not in full color this is the emotional map of the face when we start looking at profiling people like. I said before.

I. I do it in a very systematic way the way. I was taught we learned all about. Jing.

First. Then we learned all about. Chi which is personality and temperament. Then we learned about the.

Shen which is the sexuality the romance psychopathy things like that there's a lot of things that are they're all it's all important. But depending on where you're going to be applying your information some things are more important than others right. So the. First thing we want to look.

At we began with was separating into yin and. Yan right. So we have this divide across we have yin and yang to the right. Yin and.

Yan to the left right. So when we start to look. At people the. First thing we look.

At is we try to look. At the head you know the overall features that jump out at us we want to look. At their inner nature versus their outer nature right. So we look.

At people through our right. Side we look. At the right. Side we will see the face they want us to see we look.

At them through our left eye at their left side we'll see the face they keep behind closed doors. But what do we look. For we look. For emotions we look.

For differences in the symmetry okay. So as we look. If we have lines above our eye in this area this indicates somebody who has a healthy degree of skepticism right. These are people who don't take anything at face value they have to see it they have to experience it and they an it's an area.

So skepticism. Next line yes. You are seeing healthy skepticism is there a point where you can tell me it's too much and they're very deep right. If they're very remember the intensity of the trait is measured by the depth and the breadth of the of the of the marking okay.

Just like in handwriting analysis the intensity of emotional expression is related to the handwriting pressure and the slant okay. We can look. At the intensity or the depth of a feeling or a motion or an issue or a trait by how deeply it's marked that area [Music].
