Title: Ws8OtN8JQhE.txt
Video Id: Ws8OtN8JQhE
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ws8OtN8JQhE

So gry room is very very similar in certain respects to this the uh the energetic spinning technique basically you have the person pretend to go into a trance and you have them go into a place that's safe that feels like home the deepest trance they've ever been they're in a place where any change they make here must in fact become their new reality as they enter the room they notice in the center of the room is a glowing fire pit with a beautiful roaring. Flame the wall they're in a dome shaped room and the walls are beautiful pearly gray color nice neutral thing and you'll notice as you look. Around the room on the wall are. Bits of.

Paper and some some pieces of paper represent all the positive experiences and other pieces of paper are in a different color and they represent the less than positive experiences things you know about things you don't know about and all. I want you to do and what you do here is um if. I recommend for the. First time you be guided through this exercise.

So. I might actually guide you all through it just. So you can play with it sound effects are important the more you can re can vivify the experience the better and. So what.

I want you to do is. I want you walk into this room and. I want you to reach up and. I want you to touch one of those pieces of paper paper that are a less than positive experience and as you reach out and you touch it.

I want you to notice where in your body you feel it and when you're ready to. Finally be rid of that. I want you to reach out. I want you to rip it off the wall as you rip it off the wall notice how that feeling in your body starts to change and.

I want you to crumple it up and as you crumple it up. I want you to notice how that feeling in your body changes even more and. Then when you're really ready. I want you to walk over and throw it in the fire and whoosh notice what happens to the feeling as it releases just let go happened to you already didn't it see absorption in the experience right.

You want to be really good at this take an acting class because actors are trained to do what. I'm teaching you how to do they're designed to take you out of your world and suck you into theirs all the tools of drama are yours to make your life exactly what you want it to be once they know that process have them walk them a couple of times through it noticing the change and they'll feel it you'll see them go now it's not a question of if they change it's how much are they going to feel it doesn't matter the unconscious mind understands the process right. We know what fire is we know what's positive we know what's negative do the do the people in the gry room need to know what those things are no. Some they'll know what they are some they'll just get a bad feeling they'll pick it up they'll start it'll the minute they start manipulating the feeling with their physical hands they'll start manipulating it at an emotional and a sematic level it'll start to change because all ele areas of your brain are being activated and focused on the same process part of you isn't over here doing one thing part of you isn't over here doing something else wondering about your laundry everything's over here working on this one thing all of your channels are focused we have maximum absorption once we have this we go through and we clean out each and every less than positive experience we throw them in the fire we burn them up we release and free that energy noticing how good we feel after each successive toss and.

I just want you to take. However much time you need in the time you have to go through that process and when you know it's complete when you know you're cleansed purged healthy and better than ever before completely free of that negativity just raise your finger or nod your head to let me know we'll continue with the. Next part of our process okay. Now if you're do yes.

Question oh okay. If you're doing this by yourself just see it be in the room and act it out a lot of times when. I was. First playing with this.

I would walk. I would move the furniture out of my room walk in the door and. I'd see the gry room and. I'd see the fire pit and.

I'd walk over and. I'd tear up and throw it in the fire huge huge changes okay. The more you get get the meat suit involved the more absorption you create. I use this to pass a a a twen ey ex anybody know what twen eye is.

Chinese massage. I had a final exam. I had to do and. I hadn't had a chance to practice my techniques.

So. I said well how am. I going to how am. I going to do this.

So. I had like 15 minutes before. I was scheduled to go in. So.

I started remembering the tried to remember the shoulder routine that. I needed to do it wasn't coming. So. I just imagined there was a body there and.

I just started doing the work and the. First couple the. First minute or. So.

I knew. I was just acting out. Next thing. I know.

I'm working on somebody 7. Minutes goes by and. I just gave this guy a full treatment and. I didn't know where.

I was okay. Pass the test like flying colors cuz. I just finished a patient. I knew what exactly what.

I was doing your unconscious mind is wired this way you have you're neurologically hardwired for spatial memory it is easier for you to memorize things spatially than any other way anybody here of a technique called. The. Memory. Palace it's based on spatial memory because that's how we survived to evolve into a society we had to learn where things are how far away they were all that other stuff we are hardwired for it.

So anytime we use spatial metaphors it has more impact to us neurologically than if we just use something that is just just words make sense and if you're acting if you're in that hologram and you're going through the motions your unconscious mind doesn't know the difference and it doesn't care because it that's the language that your unconscious mind speaks in for lack of a better word it speaks in imagery and it speaks in feelings words are the. Last thing it pays attention to okay. Once all the red is gone remember is a technical term all the positive experiences begin to expand and glow growing stronger and stronger with. Every.

Breath. You. Take and every beat of your heart filling you with an inexhaustible. Energy building your self-esteem feeling your s-w making you feel.

So much better about yourself than you've ever felt before giving you all the energy courage strength and whatever else you need to get the things you want and move forward in life by your standards and your definitions now. I don't have to worry about the words. So much you know the right. Words for you that's all that matters that makes sense the light the energy coming from what's left expands fills the room like wallpaper the energy grows more intense grows stronger becomes a.

NeverEnding. Source an endless supply of whatever you need to get what you want. So what have we done in that one movement anchor jet engine cut the anchor rev up the engine right. We.

So the pot right. Now whatever change work we do from this point on going to be 100 times easier because everything that would have gotten in the way would have made that job harder gone pretty simple close your eyes. Put your hands in your lap put your feet flat on the floor take a long breath in let that breath out with a sigh deeper and deeper. With.

Every. Breath. You. Take.

Every. Beat of your heart. I just want you to give yourself permission to allow yourself to go on a very short. But amazingly powerful.

Journey with me as you focus all of your attention on the lids of your eyes. And you relax those tiny muscles in your eyelids relax them to the point that they're. So relaxed you couldn't actually open them without putting tension back into them relax them that deeply or even more and when you know you've got them that relaxed just test them real quick to be sure they won't work perfect now stop testing when you're sure let that level of relaxation flow from the top of your head all the way down to the tips of your toes deeper and deeper. With.

Every. Breath. You. Take and every beat of your heart.

I just want you to let go to relax as. I guide you inside deep inside your mind body and spirit is a place of. Absolut absolute power a place of absolute change a place where you store things that are useful and sometimes things that were useful at one time. But not.

So useful anymore and. I want you to imagine if you would a portal of some kind now for some of you it might be a glowing. Archway cuz. I'm kind of metaphysical that way some of you it might be an elevator door some of you it might be a.

Cellar. Door maybe it's a big. O door with heavy knockers whatever it is for you. I want you to notice that place inside.

I want you to reach out with your physical hands and cause that portal to open in a way that's right. And natural for you and as you enter that place inside. I want you to walk inside that room and. I want you to notice what you see inside you see a interesting room it's.

Dome shaped with pearly gray walls in the center of this room is this beautiful glowing fireplace and it radiates a warmth an energy that just causes you to feel ah. Freedom the flame of. Freedom inside and on the wall. I want you to look.

Around you may notice that there's certain pieces of paper or it could be something else. I know one person who went to their gry room they found that those things on the wall were tiles that he had to break and smash and he broke them and he smashed them and all of a sudden he felt liberated as all that weight was lifted from his body and from his mind whatever it is for you if it's pieces of paper great if it's tiles that's okay. Too you know the process now one set of tiles or papers or whatever is in one color and it represents all the positive experiences in your life while another color represents all the less than positive experiences all the things you've been holding on to that no. Longer serve you that you're ready to let go of that you're willing to let go of and as if by some secret cue one of those pieces of paper calls your attention and you walk over to it and.

I want you to reach out and. I want you to touch that piece of paper or that tile or whatever it is. I want you to notice as you touch it that there's a feeling in your body that comes up as soon as you touch it notice where you feel it and. I want you to take that thing off the wall and.

I want you to begin to either smash it or crumple it up or make it less than what it was and notice how as you begin to manipulate that image with your mind and body notice how it begins to change the feeling and when you're. Finally ready to get rid of it walk over crumble it up throw it in the fire feel that energy burn up feel your body shift and whatever way is right. And natural for you give yourself permission to just let it go noticing how good you feel and when you know that one's all burned up when you feel the energy released to whatever degree you're willing to let yourself do that well walk over to the. Next piece.

Take. It. Off the. Wall notice where in your body you feel it begin to crumble it up crack it up make it smaller change it notice how it changes the feeling and when you're ready walk over to that fire pit.

Chuck it in the fire and whoh feel it burn up. I'm going to suggest that the more you get the body involved the more amazing this experience is going to be for you. But that's okay. Give yourself permission.

I want you to systematically move through this room begin to remove all of those things from the wall that no. Longer serve you walk over to the fire pit throw it inside feel the change be specific find every piece be thorough you don't have to know what they are you don't even have to care all you need to know is that they're that color and their time it's time for them to go and when you know you've got it when you know the room is completely cleansed for all the right. Reasons and you know what those are just silently nod your head and we'll move on with the. Next part of our process perfect keep going.

I'll wait for everybody to nod some of you have more stuff than others that's okay. I'm teaching you something that's yours forever that you can use whenever you want to feel whatever you want and now as you clean off all the. Last remaining pieces notice how those glowing the pieces that remain those positive experien those empowering experiences everything that makes you feel good about who you are about where you're going and who you're destined to become those energies begin to. Glow stronger and stronger and there's a warmth and energy that vibrates from those pieces of paper from those tiles or whatever it is and they begin to expand and they begin to merge into one another becoming like a sheet of wallpaper coating the inside of this room filling you with their.

Radiance energizing you from the inside out having that energy percolate upward and outward into every cell and every atom of your body changing everything that's ready and willing to be changed for all the right. Reasons and. With. Every.

Breath. You. Take in. Every.

Beat of your heart this inexhaustible endless. Limitless source of energy is there to move you forward in life towards the things you want both consciously and unconsciously. So that tonight while you sleep and while you dream this process will continue at even deeper levels your mind body and spirit will systematically find everything that's less than positive everything that's been holding you back and it'll take it off the wall change it in such a way that it's easily removed from the body removed from the mind and in its place who all of this energy just doubles triples grows stronger and stronger with every breath every beat of your heart. Unstoppable in every way and it only gets better now in a moment moment not yet.

But in just a moment. I'm going to count from 1 to five when. I reach the number five you'll emerge from the state bringing all of these wonderful feelings with you seeing the world through new eyes. From a new place from.

A. New. Perspective free of that stuff and seeing the. World.

Through. The. Eyes. Of possibility.

Through. The. Eyes. Of excitement energy and enthusiasm and whatever other feelings and traits and resources and drives you want and need to accomplish what you want they're in the light too feel them ring up inside notice where they begin notice where they go notice that there's a color associated with those traits and desires and attributes and now as.

I count from one to five those feelings energies and attributes will simply begin to grow stronger and stronger and when. I reach the number five they'll reach an. Unstoppable ever increasing level in a way that's right. And natural for you combining with the work you've done and supercharging you to move forward for all the right.

Reasons number one feel yourself returning to this place we call reality bringing with you a brand new reality a reality where you've learned how to get rid of stuff that you no. Longer need stuff you knew about consciously and stuff. H maybe you didn't know about it consciously you've learned how to find the resources inside that you want that you need to move you forward in life that inspire you to take powerful incisive action and amplify them you've learned how to change any one sensation feeling or experience and transmute it into its opposite by choice and tonight's not even your yet imagine what you'll know in the. Next 20 minutes to a half an hour because it only gets better number two all of my suggestions from me to you from you to your unconscious mind are now 10 times more powerful than ever before 10 times more permanent 10 times more.

Unstoppable and. With. Every. Breath.

You. Take and every beat of your heart ladies and gentlemen they only get better number three ladies and gentlemen there's always at least three ways to solve any problem always at least three solutions to any situation or circumstance that you have to solve in your unconscious mind your amazing creative faculty your problem solving centers will instantly come fully online to generate those three solutions in the fastest easiest most powerful way for you and the good of all concern number four because it's all for you you put in the time you made the investment you came out here tonight you've done the work you've paid the price of admission and the price of ownership and it's true for you now on the. Next count you can emerge from the state only at the rate and speed that you know it's true that you know you've got it seeing the world from. A.

New. Perspective that only gets better number five take your time and come on back.
