Title: Secrets of Human Influence Webinar
File Name: Wv0Rzpf0sDo.txt
Video Id: Wv0Rzpf0sDo
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wv0Rzpf0sDo

Foreign this is. Dr. David. Snyder and.

I want to welcome you to secrets of human influence for success for attracting success wealth health and happiness for the. Next two and a half to three hours. I am going to be your guide your. Mentor through the fascinating and empowering world of human influence and persuasion you know in in you know for many years.

I've been teaching people that in a in a society ruled by the rule of law in other words you know we can make a distinction in societies we talk about the law of the. Jungle we talk about the rule of law in civilized societies um the ability to get people to like and trust and connect with you to be willing to eagerly and naturally want to do what you want them to do in my opinion is the ultimate survival skill now let's be very clear that it is a skill set it is a set of skills. But it's not a trait right. Now a lot there are a lot of people who are very gifted with the ability to be persuased and influential there are a lot of people who have a natural quotient of extra.

Charisma in the. Chinese face reading that. I teach we often call that peach luck right. Um.

But let's be very clear that the skills of human influence are a exactly that they're a skill and there are things that can be learned and they can be honed and they can be refined and they can be developed and what. I have found over and over and over again is that the ability to tap into what a human being truly wants and needs and. Link that to what you want them to do is the fastest most powerful most ethical and honest way to get everything you want in this world to literally write your ticket in this life one of the things that that always comes up when people talk about persuasion and influence is this idea of ethics and you know manipulation versus persuasion remember that when you apply that system and. I've spent the.

Last 30 years 40 years of my life refining researching and honing when you apply this system it is never necessary to lie cheat or steal with anyone to be able to get the things you want and get them to want to do what you want them to do it is the ultimate win-win system which is designed for that and. So. I want you to just put those those reservations aside because once you understand the principles we're going to be sharing with you over the. Next two to three hours and.

I have a few more disclaimers that. I want to talk about. But. I really want to get this kind of.

Ethics. Bugaboo out of the way we're in a in a very challenging very trying. Economic. Times the temptation to resort to things that are sneaky and underhanded is probably going to get worse before it gets better.

I can tell you from the bottom of my heart and my students who are many of whom are on this this video or on this this call we'll see it is never necessary to lie to your steal. So if you're one of those people who wants to better themselves and move up in life by whatever standards and definitions that is for you you're going to want to pay attention to the content of tonight's webinar. But even more importantly than paying attention you're going to want to actually do the drills that. I'm sharing with you because the more you do the drills the more experience you're going to gain in other words.

I can sit here and. I can spit technique after technique after technique at you over and over and over again and at the end of the day you'll you'll at the end of the webinar oh man that was really cool right. But what can you actually do right. Let's not confuse the act of learning something new with the ability gained from actually training and having an experience my job over the course the.

Next two and a half to three hours is to give you a set of experiences that lead you to the realization of as we call it in. Planet. David seeing the. Matrix if that makes any kind of sense.

So that's a little bit of my uh my ethics talk. So let's get down to. Brass tax. First of all are you in fact the right.

Place if you can answer yes. To any of the following questions type yes. That's me in the chat a how many of you would like to be more charismatic and super attractive to members of you the opposite sex or even the same sex if you think that's something that'd be useful and pleasurable to have maybe make them find you charming fascinated and irresistible go ahead and type that in the chat if you'd like to be able to banish fear and insecurity from your life and move through the world radiating a sense of confidence and dominance and assertiveness that is uh and a sense of empoweredness that is truly. Alpha by your standards and definitions go ahead and type that will be that's for me in the chat okay.

If you would like to be able to protect yourself from the manipulators and the predators of the world and there are many if you'd like to be able to flag them before they have a chance to grab they get their claws into your life and make your life a living hell and you all if you've ever had one of these people in your life you know what. I'm talking about okay. Type the s in the chat because that's part of what you're going to be getting tonight in. Spades okay.

If you'd like to have if you'd like to have people thinking and feeling and acting the way you want because they want to do it without feeling like you're you're you're being sleazy or unethical or manipulative go ahead and type that in the chat okay. If you'd like to be able to nail job interview after job interviewing after job interview to to move up in your company or to hire the right. People to create teams that are. So motivated.

So focused and. So on the fast track to taking your your business to the. Next level go ahead and type that in the chat if you are a coach a therapist um uh somebody who guides people and you would like to be more effective and gain a higher degree of compliance from your clients your patients type that in the chat right. If you'd like to be the most powerful inspirational leader or parent imaginable if you could just literally reach into the hearts and minds of the people you want to motivate find exactly what fires them up and.

Link it to what you need them to do type that in the chat if you'd like to surround yourself with people that you can you truly feel connected to that you can know you can trust at a deep level we have the the same goals and ideas and philosophies that are in harmony with you type it in the chat because ever if you answered yes. To two or more of these questions you're in the right. Place right. If the idea of being able to move through the world without feeling powerful without feeling confident if you if that's something you're not ready to grab a hold of this is probably not the place for you okay.

And here's what. I mean by that if you want to be influential if you want to change the world starting with your own you must have the will to influence now you've heard many people in in different systems like. NLP systems or covert hypnosis systems or um ericssonian hypnosis it's it's that it's impossible not to influence people that's true enough to be true. But the kind of energy that you bring to the influence you're wielding will.

Define the degree you you're willing to let yourself go to. So that being said let me go ahead and um get this party started. So to speak. So how many of you by show of hands in the chat is a if you're a.

First timer here type your name in the chat where you're checking in from and. First time in the chat okay. If you're a veteran of. Planet.

David and you're uh you're checking back with us type your name where you're checking in from and how long you've been a member of. Planet. David okay. Go ahead and do that now uh while you're doing that a couple of things hey you're going to have questions about this class.

I guarantee it always does. So we don't do a traditional webinar in. Planet. David we've found that um when.

I. I've spent a lot of time studying marketing and things of that nature okay. And there's a lot of things in the marketing world that work really really well that. I have a visual response to doing.

I. I there are certain things. I. I even though.

I know they work. I will not do them because they don't match my values now. I want you to write that word down because as we go through the content of tonight's webinar you're going to hear me talk about values a lot values are the core reason why people do the things they do those values that word values distills down directly to body feelings two types of body feeling specifically feelings people want more of and feelings people want a whole lot less of your job is to move through the world making everyone you meet feel ridiculously good and showing them how to get everything that they want by doing what you want now is anybody here that has a problem with that idea if um if if you're okay. With the idea of moving through the world getting everything you want by showing other people how to get what they want if if you're okay.

With that type type that's that's good. I'm good with that in the chat. So. I can see if you're not okay.

With that this is not the place for you okay. You've got baggage around whether um people need to be influenced or that all forms of influence are somehow unethical or or wrong this is not the place for you you've got some other work to do before you're ready for this material okay. The idea of being present is repugnant. But telling the president what to do is the goal okay.

Very good all right. So let's let's let's get back to some of the administrative stuff. First of all if. Politically.

Incorrect language colorful metaphors swearing or the word boobies offends you this is not the best place for you for the. Next two and a half to three hours my intention is never to offend anyone. But. I do have a tendency to be very provocative in the things.

I say and do. So just putting that out there okay. I like to come. I like to call myself an equal opportunity hater or an equal opportunity bagger depending on how you look.

At it um that being said you're going to have questions there are three ways to get your questions answered on tonight's webinar. First and foremost uh type it in chat if. I see it and it's relevant to the point in the webinar that we're at. I'll answer it most of the time.

I don't see that. I don't see the questions because. I'm focused on other things. So a couple ways you can fix that my veterans if you see the question and.

I don't answer it and you have experience that answers that question using our. Technologies feel free to reach out through the chats or through private messaging and answer that question for them that's your job as. Veterans of. Planet.

David you're the ones that have taken this material out into the real world and have walked the walk right. You expect me to tout my stuff and say it's the greatest thing since sliced bread. But. I want you the people who are consuming the.

Technologies who are going out and making the changes. I want you to share your experience with the new people. So they understand that this is not something that you need to wear a cool vest just to be able to pull off all right. Um that's that's the.

Second way to get your question answered the. Third way to get your question answered is very simple at the end of this webinar it will go live on. YouTube and it will probably go live on our face on our our home page our web page below the comment section of this video if you're going back at the when the replay starts and you type in your question. I make it a practice to go over my.

YouTube channel four or five times a day every day and answer any questions any legitimate questions that people have if. I know the answer. I'll type it for you if. I don't have the answer.

I'll tell you that too if. I don't have the answer. But. I know who might.

I'll point you in the direction of people who. I think can answer that question for you is that fair if you think that's fair type it in the chat okay. Very good now. Next thing if this is the scope of everything there is to learn in the realm of persuasion and influence we've got time for this.

So my commitment to you in the time that we have is. I will as we go through each of the three phases of tonight's webinar. I will lay the foundations. I will show you how to upgrade your skills.

I will. I will. Circle back and build on those foundations in part three. I won't take you as far into this material as.

I can in the time that we have and. I will point you in the direction. I will tell you the exact steps to take to level up and take your skills to the. Next level is that fair yes.

Or yes. As. T harvecker would say you think that's fair type it in the chat cool all right. That being said this is a this is a webinar that requires you to be interactive it requires you to roll up your sleeves do some drills and get some skills okay.

So for those. So. I'm going to go through what. I lovingly call the.

Dr. David dog and pony show just because there are people who have never heard of. David. Snyder and may not know anything about my background or why the hell.

I should be up here in a weird vest teaching you all these cool things that. I want to be teaching you okay. So. First and foremost who is.

Dr. David. Snyder and why should. I care right.

Uh. First and foremost. I am an actual doctor and uh hold on a. Second let me just go back to sharing the screen again.

I beg your. Indulgence because. I am. I am using two different interfaces at once and.

I'm trying very hard to uh to stay on track. I am an actual doctor of. Chinese medicine and acupuncture. I got my diploma from the.

Pacific. College of. Oriental medicine. I've had a practice in.

Solana. Beach. California for the. Last uh going on 16 or 17 years now where my specialty is treating physiological illness that is caused by repressed emotion now you know a lot of people who are trained in hypnosis and neuro linguistic programming and things of that nature they spend a lot of time treating things like weight loss and smoke cessation nail biting things of that nature.

I have worked almost exclusively on medical referrals uh since. I opened for business. So we've dealt with everything from uh you know. IBS to pretty much any form of trauma you can imagine uh.

Parkinson's cancer many different types of cancers as a matter of fact multiple sclerosis many many forms of chronic illness lupus all of which um are rooted really believe it or not in deeply repressed emotions it's a form the chronic illness believe it or not is actually a form of manifestation which is kind of interesting because no. Most of us don't think about it that way. But it actually is a form of manifestation. So for those who have an interest in the.

Law of. Attraction there's a direct relevance between what we do clinically and what we do on a more metaphysical or vibrational level that being said. I've also authored over 15 different products on various forms of human influence everything from how to persuade an influence how to be more attractive to the opposite sex how to be uh your your romantic partner's greatest lover ever uh how to resolve all forms of trauma how to do remote influence uh we have probably well we actually have to cut down the amount of products we have available because my marketer is complaining we don't have time to promote everything. But we've lost over 15 different products on various forms of human influence the cream of the crop of which you're going to be getting tonight some of the most powerful techniques some of those easy to use uh tactics that you don't have to believe in order for them to work what you're seeing here on the screen is a letter from this is a a screen capture from globalgurus.org in 2020.

I was named the number one. NLP trainer of the year uh by global gurus and. I have been in the top two slots of the global guru's rankings since 2015. So you know it's me and.

Richard bandler and every now and. Then it switches places. But it's me and the. Big.

B. So a lot of people think to think we know what we're doing and. I'm really. I'm really grateful for your votes and and your support in that what.

I'm even just as importantly uh what you see here is a letter from. Global gurus and it says uh dear. Dr. David it is with great pleasure to announce that your training program killer influence has been chosen by global peers and ranked as the number one best program in the world for neuro-linguistic programming of 2022. we we had that we were we were recognized in 2020 as the number one.

NLP course in the year and we've been the number one. NLP training program for the. Last three years okay. I'm very very excited we're very proud of that.

But. I didn't even know this was a thing until they sent me the letter okay. And what you see here is a copy of our. Global gurus page where we were this is all the people that we beat out okay.

I'm also a master a grand master in the martial arts. I have a 10-3 black belt in. Okinawan karate 4-3 black belt in. Shaolin kuntal a.

Second degree black golden kosho chemical rule. First degree black belt in. Jiu. Jitsu certified instructor in combat system a.

Cinco mono. Scream and of course modernist. I managed to to get a basic training certificate from the founder of the system the. Grand.

Master. Remy pre sauce. I like to make a joke that. I have more energy healing credentials than.

McDonald's sells hamburgers. I've been a. Reiki master since before. Reiki was cool uh.

I've been studying. Kabbalah almost as long as. I've been studying. Reiki before.

Madonna even heard of. Kabbalah. So. I'm very much a prima donna right.

I'm tremained in advanced chronic healing and chronic. Psychotherapy. Advanced. DNA and.

Theta healing and manifestation. I'm certified in the. Bankston energy healing systems and. I have many different.

Qigong systems under my belt in fact. I'm currently working on a. Second doctorate in medical. Qigong with.

Dr. Jerry. Allen. Johnson through the bien hagong.

Dallas. Sanctuary. So. I have a lot of energy skills behind me.

I've got a lot of martial arts. I have a lot of. NLP and hypnotherapy holographic memory resolution. I got a lot of things going on.

But the question is a lot of people say well okay. So what what are all these things have in common well there's two things really one is the ability to control your state. But even more importantly is this concept of pattern recognition pattern recognition everything human beings do let me jump out of um of the uh this for a moment everything human beings do follows a pattern right. There's patterns to their thinking there's patterns to their movement there's patterns to the structure of their thoughts and there's the and the way that they speak if you have eyes.

To see and ears to hear those patterns will rise up to your awareness and as you become aware of those patterns you now have the ability to read and understand human behavior human thought you have the ability to predict what people are going to do in a given situation and perhaps even more importantly you now have the ability to inject change at. Key strategic points in those processes and cause their behaviors their thoughts and the results they produce to change accordingly. So when people ask me what does what does pattern recognition have to do with human influence pretty much everything pretty much everything okay. That being said um here's what my promise is to you if you stay until the end of tonight's webinar and all the way to the end.

I'm going to teach you the fastest most powerful and ethical way to influence anyone you meet to like love trust and. Obey you. I'm going to teach you how to have people hanging on your every word if any of this sounds uh like a superpower you'd like to have please click that's for me in the chat right. If you'd like to have people salivating literally salivating to do what you want them to do take that in the chat if you'd like to learn how to control emotions and remove resistance to your influence that's what we're going to be playing with tonight if you want the exact steps to go from interesting information to maximum transformation and minimum time this is the place to be that being said um how are we going to do that now some people are asking if.

I can make this a little bigger uh hold on a. Second let me see if. I can do that um the problem is. I don't have a lot of space is that is that better guys is can you see better now okay.

Is that better. Kathy better okay. Yeah. I have to.

I have to be very careful because if. I have too many screens overlapping it screws up my screen share all right. So here's what you're going to be here's some of the techniques you want you want to take home tonight okay. We're going to teach you the secret back door to the human nervous system okay.

In other words if there were one technique that was like the bump key to the human nervous system that could literally force a person's intent person to pay single-minded attention to you and everything coming out of your mouth well at the same time feeling simultaneously hurt understood validated connected and approved of would that be useful that's the. First thing. I'm going to teach you tonight. Second thing.

I'm going to teach you is the secret of emotional bonding and attraction remember at the beginning of tonight's webinar. I taught you that everything human beings do is in response to a feeling it's either a feeling they want more of or a feeling they want a whole lot less up now for the purposes of tonight's webinar. I want you to start using the word value and feeling interchangeably it's it's a little bit more it's it's not exactly that cut and dried. But functionally speaking for the purposes of the content of tonight's webinar when you hear the word feeling or the word value.

I want them to be equal to one another if that makes any kind of sense okay. I'm going to want to teach we're going to talk about we're not going to spend a lot of time on it. But we're going to talk about the four pillars of irresistible hypnotic influence these are four macro areas of human influence that if you can. Master them people will not only want to obey you they will feel compelled to obey you even if they're it's something they don't they don't want to do right.

This is where the will to influence and having a strong moral compass becomes much more important because if you understand these four pillars you can get people to do they don't want to do right. Even if it's not in their best interest which. I never recommend. But.

I do recognize that every now and. Then like in law enforcement or military applications or things of that nature there will be situations circumstances and events where a win-win just isn't possible. Right. But for the vast majority of us tonight on the webinar civilized human beings in a arguably civilized world that's almost never the situation we can always create a win-win for people okay.

I want to teach you how to remove resistance to your influence there's a simple four or five step formula that if you can. Master it and memorize it people will actually generate their own reasons for doing exactly what you want them to do okay. Finally. I'm going to teach you step by step how to level up how to take control and get the full system of human influence that has made.

Planet. David and the students of. Planet. David it's the most powerful influence.

Professionals in the world not just me. But my students as well we just came back from the best you. Expo. I took.

Five of my my core people there and they owned the entire. Expo they they have people lining up to work with them they were the most powerful influential charismatic workers at the. Expo and we're talking about hundreds of high-level high profile speakers these my students. I had such a proud papa moment they owned the.

Expo and they were demonstrating skill and competency that was just off the charts people realized right. Off the bat that what we brought to that. Expo was. Head and.

Shoulders above what most people thought was even possible right. And it's not that we're special we're just trained and you could have the same results you can be that kind of person if you follow the instructions that we're going to share with you tonight and you just do the drills and get the skills my job isn't to tell you how wonderful it is my job is to give you the experience of how powerful it is. So you can make the right. Decision and move yourself up does that make sense type it in the chat.

I'm gonna open my chat again a. Second cool yeah. Quincy if. I go full spring it's going to cover the other five windows.

I have open and that's the problem is if. I have all five. Windows covered. I can't see what's going on in other parts of the the webinar.

So all right. That being said um let's let me go back to sharing the screen. So what we're going to talk about really quick is the system right. And what you're seeing here is called in.

Planet. David the universal persuasion protocol you should probably take a screenshot of this or write it down okay. The universal persuasion protocol has six plus one step right. Can you see here it says know your outcome.

First and foremost when you're going to become a master of persuasion and influence one of the. First rules you need to embrace is that you must become outcome driven okay. In other words you must in your own mind have a clearly stated outcome with a with a measurable way to know if you're moving towards it or away from does that make sense if if it makes sense type it makes sense in the chat if it doesn't type your question and. I will elaborate on this makes sense okay.

You gotta know what you want because if you don't go into a persuasion situation knowing what you want you're probably going to get something else okay. After that it becomes very formulated it's actually pretty formulated right. From the start you're going to control your state let me go back to this. So the.

First thing you do is control your state what does that mean it means the ability to enter or exit any psycho emotional state at will. On. Demand right. We have a we this is such an important aspect to training that at the live event like when you come to killer influence or you come to the uh the six day.

Australia. Mega persuasion super trading that we're doing we're going to spend an entire day on nothing. But controlling your state and. Then transmitting those states to other people non-verbally right.

We have a full fleshed out training it is pure freaking. Jedi right. We don't have time to do that on tonight's webinar it's one of the things that we only teach to the people who come to the live events. But.

I want to give you that everything starts with. State control the ability to enter or exit any psychomotional state at will on demand and. Then getting. Rapport the ability to transmit those feelings to another human being to get a connection and a contact with people in seconds that you can start to leverage from there you're going to use whatever language skills that you have to manage the state of the subject.

So if you look. At the little diagram that we've got here right. You're going to control your state you're going to get rapport you're going to use your language you're going to use these three to manage the state of your subject you're going to jump into whatever process they use at a cognitive level to decide to do what you want them to do and you're going to link it to their values you're going to link it to the checklists that they have that create body feelings in them that they want more of or that they want less of okay. So let's go um let's have a little phone.

Let's. Pretend. We're. Let's.

Pretend. We're in a live training shall we. I want you all to stand up and repeat after me control your state get rapport use your language manage the state of the subject jump into their process bond to their. Criterion values let's do it two more times.

So we memorize this now control your state get rapport use your language manage your state jump into their process link or bond to their. Criterion values one more time with feeling control your state get. Rapport use your language manage the state of the subject jump into their process bond to their criteria and values this is called the universal persuasion protocol let me repeat that. Universal persuasion protocol what is it it's a map it's a an algorithm it's a a recipe that you follow in any situation circumstance or event where you need to exert influence this is the road map that you follow if you're getting ready to go to a job interview.

First thing you got to do is know your outcome once you know it is you're going to you want to win that interview. Then you got to control your state you got to get rapport with the person who makes the decision you've got to use whatever language skills you have to manage the state of the person in front of you. Then you're going to take that and you're going to jump into whatever process that they use to make the decision you want them to make and you're going to bond it. So the things that are most emotionally important to that person in the way they recognize they're getting it does that make sense okay.

Now let's say that you want to go out and meet hot people maybe you're a guy looking to meet hot chicks maybe you're a chick looking to meet hot hot guys maybe you're a chick looking to meet hot chicks maybe you're a guy looking at me it doesn't matter okay. What matters is the process the process doesn't change control your state get rapport use whatever language skills that you have use those three to manage the state of the subject to get it from the state they're in to the state you want them to be in jump into whatever process they use to make the decision that you want them to make we'll talk about that and. Then you. Bond their emotional values in the way that they recognize they're getting what they want right.

Let's say that you have a client waiting in the office somebody that you want to be a prospective client waiting in the office right. And you want them to become a paid client what are you going to do. First of all you set your outcome. Then what do you do you get in the state you need to be in you get rapport with the subject you manage their state or you use your language you manage their state you jump into their process you link to their.

Criterion values the process the set of stages that you go through doesn't change except as you get better as you get better and better and better at this formula you can actually skip steps and pull it off okay. That's the beauty of the universal persuasion protocol it doesn't matter if it's the treatment room the courtroom the therapy room the bedroom the bar room the classroom does not matter any place that human communication is at play this formula will win the day for you you understand all you gotta do is follow the formula now each of these layers. I'm not going to spend more time on this because we have specific techniques that we're going to cover right. But each of these layers control your state get.

Rapport use your language manage the state jump into their process link to their. Criterion values each and every one of these is like a little toolbox or a little drawer in a toolbox you use whatever techniques you know to satisfy that goal your. First goal is to control your state what techniques do you have to get in the right. State right.

Some people know posture and breathing some people use. Mental techniques some people take a shot of whiskey right. Whatever puts you in the optimal. State that's what you use what do you what what.

Rapport techniques do you know to connect with that person that's what you use. I'm going to give you stuff. I'm going to make it super freaking easy for you. But.

I want you to think of each of these levels like a drawer in a tool chest and the idea. I need my state control tools what do. I got. I need my report tools okay.

What do. I got. I need my language. School tools okay.

What do. I got in there and you use what you have okay. The formula never changes the tools you use to get there might. But the formula never does does that make sense yes.

Or yes. Type in the chat please cool all right. Barry's with me. I know that are you guys in trance.

I haven't even started transfing anybody out yet. Kathy says um. Taryn says uh yes. Okay.

So. Kathy. I see an um you want to explain that um to me please okay. All right.

So let's go ahead and talk about two things. First of all how many of you would like to be well we're on the subject of. State. Control how many of you would like to be up to 31 better at everything type it in the chat okay.

Yay yes. I've got. I got a lot of agreement on that one don't. I about time you guys.

Jesus all right. So. First and foremost this this particular statistic and uh approach comes from. Believe.

It or. Not hostage negotiation okay. You can reference. Chris.

Voss for this it's where. I got the. I saw him he dropped this little this little nugget on a real estate interview he was doing right. Um.

So basically what they discovered is that if you were if uh the the secret is being playful by the way playful curious explorational that little nugget right. There what hostage research with behavioral analysis discovered at the. FBA at the. FBI was that when the hostage negotiator went into an interaction in a playful easy going explorational energy and explorational mood they discovered that he was up to 31 percent more aware more perceptive more adaptable more persuasive um and actually 30 percent more up to 31 percent more intelligent right.

But that's and as cool as that is what they also discovered was that when the hostage negotiator was in that state that playful explorational curious state his counterpart or her counterpart the hostage taker was up to 31 percent more compliant they were likely to say yes. Up to 31 more times. Then if the hostage negotiator was not in that state what would you. I just want you to stop and think for a moment what would your life be like if you heard yes.

To what you wanted 31 more just think about it from one type in the chat what would it be like. Brad says. I'd probably be in prison yeah. But you'd probably be able to get up sooner too.

Karen says better okay. Pretty darn cool all right. So here's your. First that was your.

First freebie their. First technique is just learn to adopt a fun playful explorational attitude okay. I have found that playfulness is the ultimate equalizer let's use a dating context for example classic male female dating context doesn't have to be. But because.

I'm a traditional dude kind of sort of as you can tell by the clothes. I wear right. Most people when a stranger approaches or when they're getting ready to approach a stranger their defenses are up. But when you approach somebody in a fun playful explorational easy going manner it tends to lower their defenses it it softens any um projection of an agenda right.

So. I have found that one of the most powerful things you can do in terms of persuasion and influence is to wrap yourself in a fun playful curious explorational attitude now when you do that their mirror neurons pick up on that and they start to generate a playful curious. State as well okay. I.

I could spend hours going into the. Neuroscience behind this when you come to killer influence or you come to the. Australia training. I will be happy to geek out on that stuff for you.

But right. Now don't believe me just play with it right. Don't worry about the. Neuroscience just understand.

But. Then the question becomes well. David okay. That that makes sense.

But how do. I do that how do. I how do. I tap into that fun playful curious.

State you know. I'm glad you asked okay. Would you guys like to know how to do that yes. Or yes.

All right. I'm gonna give you one technique from the entire full 12 hours of training that we often do uh with. State control. But this is one of the most powerful ones.

I want everybody to again now what. I'm about to share with you okay. If you're driving if you're driving don't do this if you're operating heavy machinery that require or any kind of. Machinery that requires your full and undivided attention don't do this right.

But if you want to have the experience and you are doing one of those things. Then stop doing it turn the machines off find a place to park put the car and park turn on the emergency brake make sure you're not going to get accosted by people watching you do weird things in your car right. Or wait until you're home safe and watch the replay and do this. So.

I want everybody to stand up right. Now and what. I want you to do is. I want you to close your eyes.

For me and. I want you to remember a time in your life when you were having the most fun ever on a scale of zero to ten it's like a play fact or a fun factor of 27. I don't care what you were doing who you were with what state lines you crossed what substances were involved all. I care about is that when you remember that playful experience when you see what you see and you hear what you hear and you smell and you taste what you smell and you taste there's an amazing wonderful feeling that you get a feeling of absolute freedom playfulness.

Joy. I'd like you to notice something that there's a place in your body where those amazing feelings start where they grow and where they spread from take a moment and point to where you feel it as you point to where you feel it. I want you to imagine a beautiful ball of. I want you to notice there's a color connected to that feeling now you don't got to type this in the chat.

But notice what color or colors that might be for you. First impression and when you've got that imagine a brilliant ball of that energy floating above your head notice how the feelings in your body shift and changes with. Every. Breath.

You. Take and every beat of your heart that ball of energy begins to grow it begins to expand it begins to fill the entire room from floor to ceiling from wall to wall in all points in between notice how it wraps itself around you like an amazing blanket of playfulness of fun of. Good. Feelings a cocoon a shield a suit of armor insulating you protecting you from all downers all bummers real or imagined well at the same time flooding your mind flooding your body flooding your spirit with everything it most wants everything it most needs in an infinite ever expanding and.

Unlimited. Supply and when you know you've got that breathe those amazing colors through your entire being let it fill you up like water fills up a bottle like fluid fills up a test tube like hot air helium fills up a balloon anchor it in. So fully sow completely no. Force in the universe you can turn it off or take it away not even you and when you realize it's true test it try to turn it off try to take it away notice what happens instead and when you're happy when you're done when you're satisfied stop testing type in the chat what you experienced feel calm.

Paige says she actually saw the colors behind her eyelids yep. Rashida says joy beautiful sheer. Joy excellent perfect now for those of you who are into the law of attraction if you do this before you start doing your affirmations you may notice a significant increase in the speed with which you manifest okay. Happy the entire rainbow very good.

So you all feel good now right. Would you like to feel better yes. Or yes. All right.

So um what we're going to do now because like. I said before we our webinar comes in three parts. So. Barry says no.

Just this he's never going to leave his house now right. Right. Um. So.

I'm going to teach you two things. But um what. I'm going to do is. I am going to touch on the.

First one and. Then. I'm going to go deep into the experience of the. Second one and.

Then on part three of the webinar. I'm going to circle back and elaborate more on the. First one. So it was like everybody's going what the hell are you talking about boy right.

What if you had the ability now imagine moving through the world in this energy right. What would your life be like if you just if you just were like this everywhere you went would that make for a happier life yes. Or yes. What if you could do what if you could move through the world inducing a state similar to this or even better in everyone you meet just by talking to them what do you think would happen that would be great okay.

I want you to understand something. I'm teaching you pieces of a complete system. But each piece in the system even in this truncated version magnifies what comes before. So we've now created a state in ourselves of joy of playfulness of fun right.

That's going to cause people to start to resonate in that vibration when you get within a certain proximity to them it will come out in your body language it will come out in your tonality it will come out in your word choices it will come out in your blink rate your eye contact all those things happen because you initiated a feeling change in your body and it ripples out now what if we had that going for us. But now we could actually cause people to feel like we are the most important person they've ever met in other words. But not in a way that like we're all authoritative and stuff. But because when they talk to us they felt the most validated approved of understood accepted what if we could do that in seconds would that be useful okay.

What if not only did all were all those things true. But they would think that we were the most fascinating conversationalist they've ever met and they did 80 of the talking would that be helpful how many people how many people hate. Small. Talk.

Like. Me okay. Here's how you do it now you're not going to believe it and that's okay. Because it's too freaking simple the most powerful words any human being can hear at any given moment are the words that just came out of their mouth we call this the echo technique.

So let's talk about this a little bit hold on a. Second pardon me while. I make bigger uh the share okay. Okay.

So this to me is one of the most powerful things you can do with any human being this is called this can you guys see this okay. This is called the echo technique and the echo technique is the most powerful way for human beings to communicate with other human beings why because it literally forces a person's neurology to pay attention to you and to the exclusion of everything else how many of you've ever been at a party how many have ever been at a party and it's really loud and it's really noisy right. You're across the room you're across the room and somebody says your name and across the noisy party with tons and tons and tons of people you hear your name and you turn and you look. Anybody ever have that experience okay.

How does that happen it's because the human nervous system is governed by a selfish lizard now what do. I mean when. I say that you have three levels to your brain basically you have a reptile brain or a paleocortex surrounded by a mammalian brain which is your limbic system which is surrounded by a neocortex the rational lying brain that paleocortex that oldest part of you its primary concern is survival and. So it's constantly monitoring your environment for anything that has to do with you and.

So and because most of that awareness is outside of conscious uh perception you don't know about it until you're on you're conscious your unconscious mind um signals you right. But the idea is you have a selfish nervous system the most powerful words any human being can hear are the ones that just came out of their mouth why it is a perfect key to lock fit to every filter they have every value that's important to them is is embedded and connected to the exact words they're using at any given moment when you use a person's very own words it literally forces a person to pay attention to you to the exclusion of all animals it triggers validation it signals sameness to the other person okay. It signals sameness to the other person every nervous system on the planet is moving through the world looking for itself okay. You can take that to the bank you don't got to believe it you just got to do it right.

It will prime your target to keep talking and give you more and more and more information about them while at the same time priming them for increased self-disclosure the longer they talk the more connected and attracted to you they become okay. Now they're we're going to cover the exact methodology for doing this in part three of the webinar. But. I have a timetable that.

I need to keep too. So. I want you to understand that everything. I'm going to teach you from part three forward and including the.

Next part. I'm going to teach you which is called the emotional bonding checklist the emotional motivation checklist goes back to this this set of phenomena right. Here this idea that the human nervous system is moving through the world searching for itself and it's constantly pinging everything around them to find uh what matches its little checklist right. You might want to write that down the emotional bonding and emotional motivation checklist is one of the most important neurological phenomena that we have now different systems call it different things.

But at the end of the day everything your nervous system likes and is attracted to is a reflection of itself also a lot of things it doesn't like are reflections of itself. But that's a different class for a different day we're showing you how to signal sayings okay. So um when you give a person's very own words back to them it signals sameness it signals validation and it says hey. I.

I get you. I see you. I hear you and. I approve of you and people are moving through the world desperate for that kind of connection how many times have you heard a friend of yours or maybe even you said it.

I just don't feel heard. I don't feel understood they just don't get me anybody ever ever have that experience or or even caught yourself saying that. I've just given you the master key to getting. God okay.

There are. So many applications for this one technique. I could spend eight hours on it. I seriously could you don't need to know any of that yet you just need to know use a person's exact words as much as you can verbatim as humanly possible and what will happen is we'll match every internal filter that they have it'll go right.

To their values it'll go right. To their needs it'll go right. To the body feelings they most need and want to have and there is absolutely zero percent chance of being misunderstood how many of you have heard of something called active listening anybody type it in the chat okay. So active listening is should not be confused with.

Echo technique active listening is where we listen to what somebody says and. Then we paraphrase we use different words to say what we think is the same thing. So for example if somebody's talking um calls a suicide hotline right. Or uh some kind of a abuse line and they might say oh.

Suicide. Prevention this is this is. David how can. I help you hi yeah uh.

I'm. I'm afraid. I might kill myself okay. Now from from an active listening perspective someone who's trained in active listening might say oh.

So you're afraid you might take your own life right. Now add an abstract meta level that seems like the same thing. But it isn't in the person's mind they're going no. I'm thinking about killing myself you dumb right.

And. So and. So because many times what happens is when you paraphrase the definitions and connections to the words you use may be different in the other person's mind and. So their mind goes off on a different tangent anybody here ever like repeat back to somebody what they thought they said and the person got all pissy because they had different meanings for the words that you used okay.

Terence yeah this eliminates that completely it's impossible for that to happen right. In fact this person will talk for most of the time and think you were the most fascinating person they've ever met okay. I know. Mike man.

I know. Mike very very well. I mean. I go back and forth a lot okay.

So this is a really really really this is such an important skill. I can't. I can't emphasize it enough and it is the core. Foundation of everything else.

I'm going to teach you in the rest of this webinar if you want to become irresistibly persuasive influential charismatic connective you must. Echo their words does that make sense are you guys with me on that okay. So um this is when. I back in the days when.

I had my martial arts school this was exactly how. I used. I. I get.

I got eight out of ten nine out of ten people to come into my class take the free lesson and sign up using their exact words. But it was also a combination of what. I'm about to teach you. Next what.

I'm about to teach you. Next is called the emotional bonding checklist or when we're applying it to ourselves we call it the emotional motivation checklist. So how many of you guys remember that really good feeling you had just a moment ago when we when we played uh with pleasure okay. So here's what.

I want you to do now. I want you to get out a piece of paper. I'm gonna let me let me share my screen with this this is called the emotional bonding checklist or emotional motivation checklist it's the same process the difference is emotional motivation checklist is about doing it on yourself emotional bonding checklist is when you're doing it with other people prospective clients uh prospective romantic. Partners things team team members that you might want to hire uh thank you guys over at.

YouTube level thank you. So much for your your support and enjoying this all right. Um. So uh can you guys let me go back to this really quick.

I don't know if you guys can see this. I know. I want to walk you through it okay. Can you can you all see that okay.

Cool all right. So what you're seeing here is a template that. I created it's called the emotional motivation checklist. So here's the.

First thing. I want you to do this again is part of the interactive part of tonight's webinar what. I want you to do is. I want you to get out a piece of paper and now if you can if you can do this on actual pen and paper it's going to be a lot more powerful for you.

But if you have to type it that's fine too okay. Now. I want you to close your eyes. For a moment and.

I want you to think about something for me. I want you to remember something for me when you were thinking about tonight's webinar and the subject of tonight's webinar you saw this process as a way to get something for yourself that you truly wanted that you really really wanted true not true. I shouldn't have asked you to close your eyes. Before.

I asked you this question. But it's all right. Okay. So go back and close your eyes.

I want you to take a moment and think about what that thing is that you really really want as a byproduct of tonight's webinar. I want you to think. I want you to see what you'd be seeing once you have it hear what you'd be hearing smell and taste what you'd be smelling and tasting as a byproduct of tonight's webinar right. And.

I want you to write physically just in one or two sentences write down what that thing is just write it at the top of your page when you've done that type done in the chat perfect battery's done come on guys this is the this is the do it. Part pimp says cheerful yep done. Kirk says done excellent okay. Now.

I'll make this a little bit bigger. So you guys can see it underneath what you just wrote down. I want you to write this question what's important about that what's important to you about getting it physic don't don't type it in the chat on the piece of paper that you're working on. I want you to ask yourself this question repeat the answer that comes up in your mind out loud and write it okay.

What's important about it okay. Once you've done that and remember use the exact words that come up just like we said with the echo technique the exact words any human being can hear the most important words any human being can hear are the ones that just came out of their mouth type in the type are right. On your piece of paper the exact answer that comes up and write below that you're going to write your ask the same question what's important about that. So let's say for example that what do.

I want to get out of this webinar. I want to be able to attract more people into my life okay. Imagine you have it what's important about that okay. Think about having that what's important about that if you've got if you have the ability to attract the right.

People you wanted into your life what's important about that what's that going to do for you well maybe. I'll. I'll. Finally have the connection and the love that.

I've been looking for okay. Let's suppose you had that love and connection that you've been looking for imagine that you have that you have the skills to find the right. Romantic partner you can now get the love and connection you're looking for what's important about that well. I'll be happy or.

I won't be alone or whatever it is. But. I want you to start to drill down from the thing you you want to get from tonight's webinar to what's important about it to what's important about that to what's important about that. I want you to go as do your best to go three layers deep if you can if you can't that's fine when you're done type done in the chat perfect now here's where it gets fun.

First and foremost did anybody notice what happened in your body as you were writing these things down what did you notice when you started to write these things down flow. Rashida says what else okay. Anybody notice you're starting to get a little bit more emotional yes. Or no.

Karen says yes. Inspired okay. All right. So here's what.

I want you to do now um let me grab a piece of paper. I can model this for you. I want you to. I want you to take.

I want you to take the answers that you've written and. I want you to hold them up at about a 45 degree angle okay. Hold them up at about a 45 degree angle and. I want you to read the answers to your questions five times out loud.

So every time every place where you answer the what's important about question. I want you to repeat it out loud five times and. Then type in the chat what you noticed moment. Kathy says ha moment for more connected done okay.

When you've done it five times scan your body notice how different you feel type in the chat which you experienced. Taryn says relaxed future feels more real like it's possible empowered and confident excellent anybody notice a couple of things how many of you noticed a desire for it did it did it go stronger or weaker stronger. I feel like some would excellent good now here's my question what if you could move through the world making anyone you interact with client romantic partner team member prospective employee prospective employer feel this way or stronger about you what could you do with that okay. I just showed you exactly how to do it right.

What you just experienced is what we call the emotional bonding checklist okay. So let's talk about the things we've covered and why this is important hey we've talked about. State. Control in other words when we go into a fun playful.

State people become we become more attractive when we start to talk to people in their very own words they can't help. But pay attention feel focused and validated when we ask somebody what's important to them about the thing they say they want a whole. Cascade of other emotions come up true or not true okay. You've just learned how to do that right.

This is the beginning of becoming irresistible being irresistible does not mean being able to overcome people's willpower what it means is tapping into the things people truly want and explaining it to them in a way they recognize they're getting what they want okay. Would you like to know how to take this even further yes. Or yes. Okay.

The beginning of the webinar. I asked you. I told you. I'll teach you in three parts.

I would lay the foundations for you. I would. I would give you everything you need to be unstoppable. I would give you experiences that validate and prove the power of what we're doing have we done that.

So far okay. I. Then told you that. I would show you how to level up how to get access to the complete system the program we've put together.

So you can continue your training and get the biggest bang for your buck with your permission. I'd like to share that with you now for the. Next 20 30 minutes at the end of that 20 or 30 minutes what we're going to do is we're going to circle back to the foundations that we laid in part one we're going to show you how to put it all together to become a force of influence and persuasion regardless of where uh you're going to apply it because it's a universal process it doesn't matter if it's the the interview room the courtroom the the boardroom the bedroom the class doesn't matter okay. Yes.

This is live. So with your permission. I'd like to share with you something. I put together um let me go back to this sorry.

I'm having a. Superman moment. I'd like to share with you the secrets of human influence. Ultra persuasion.

Mastery home study course now this is a very very comprehensive program and it allows you to pretty much write your own ticket in this world. But you don't. I don't want you to believe me. I just want you to apply this stuff and notice what happens in your life okay.

So this is all about taking your life to the. Next level all right. Um hold on a. Second.

I seem to have jumped out there we go it's about making more money closing more deals getting more dates helping more people feeling more confident more powerful winning the game of life and becoming more. Charming charismatic and irresistible the skills that. I'm going to share with you today. So far have changed the course of my life they have allowed me to rise to the top in every field and profession that.

I've endeavored to go into and they can and will do the same for you if you apply them and the best part about all of this is you don't need to believe any of it you just gotta do it okay. So this is what. I put together for you now this is good this offer is good for today uh until 11 59. PM it's.

March 15 2023. So you have until. Then to decide that you want this right. And here's what you're going to get we're going to talk which is we're going to start with probably one of the most powerful influence and persuasion courses.

I ever created it's the killer influence system the system that has been named the number one. NLP training program uh been the flagship persuasion influence course for actually longer than 20 than three or four years it's been the. The. Cutting.

Edge and persuasion influence for over 10 years we continually revise and update it it includes 17 videos that include the seven stage. Universal persuasion protocol in-depth step-by-step training. Hands-On training in every different module and every different level. So that you will learn how to think like a master influencer to 297 value you'll understand how to create a goal how to set an outcome how to um strategize what you're doing you're going to learn how to control your psycho emotional states at will.

So no. One else can we divide we go we go deeper into how to control your own mind and body than probably any influence system on the planet because if there was a true. Jedi skill if there was a true psychic almost empathic way to influence people vibrationally it's through. State control and and.

So there is such a deep well that 80 if you when you when you tap into this eighty percent of your influence and persuasion is done before you open your mouth it's impossible to get caught and you move through the. World radiant confidence power playfulness. Charisma and certainty that makes people just want to follow you it's amazing it's a 297 value part of this program we're going to teach you power. Rapport skills for connecting with anyone anytime anywhere now in our world we divide the concept of the idea of.

Rapport into three basic levels you have what we consider classical. Rapport now this is the kind of report you would learn in sales training uh in an. NLP class and ericksonian hypnotherapy class. But.

Then we go even deeper we go into the what we call the master the magic and the the principles of the cardiac nervous system we call it kinesthetic. Rapport and this is a level of. Rapport where heartbeats synchronize um the heart emits an electromagnetic field that emits emotional energy that is picked up by your brain is picked up by your heart and you can actually learn how to tap into that system to create even deeper levels of. Rapport chemistry and connection with anyone you want and we go to level three level three is a specific kind of.

Rapport that is used for attraction applications if you're someone who is interested in generating a more successful social and romantic life there are certain things you have to build into your. Rapport that you're getting with another human being that triggers sexual and romantic attraction if those things are not there you will get friendship you will get um comfort. But you won't get um necessarily get sexual or romantic attraction if you add these extra things into the. Rapport that you're generating.

Then you will trigger romantic attraction there's two other elements that have to be connected to the report that you're doing to generate true attraction we'll show you exactly what they are and we will train you um rigorously on how to do them. So that you have a choice at any given moment of what level of connection you want to create how much attraction you want to generate it's a actually way more than 297 value. But it's part of the program we're going to teach you the most powerful irresistible hypnotic language patterns on the planet you learn one tonight it's called the echo technique. But what if you had the magical ability to make anything you want seem to cause anything you want in the minds of your subject what could you do with a superpower like that where you could literally take any two things you want and make one thing seem to cause the other even if they have nothing to do with each other right.

That's what one language pattern will do what if you had the ability to make anybody you want pay attention to anything you want to the exclusion of everything else what if you had the ability to make the unconscious mind automatically do things even if that person didn't want the unconscious mind to do them one language pattern does all that what if you have the ability to make anything you want mean anything you want in the minds of your subject whether they're reading the things you write or they're listening to you what if you have those abilities what could you do with that power imagine imagine it for a moment what if you have the seemingly magical ability to literally force a person's mental movies the movies they run in their mind to be exactly what you describe with zero chance of being wrong with zero chance of resistance what if you could do that what would that do for you right. Think of what you learned at the beginning of the webinar and the superpowers you're wielding now add this on top of it think of what you're you're capable of with it's all systematic it's all trainable it's not it's not something only the anointed few can do this is something that you can do this is something you can learn and start to apply and have. Quantum leaps in your life okay. Everything human beings do is in response to a feeling everything human beings do has a structure and a pattern and once you understand the structures and the patterns you can use those patterns and structures to write your ticket in this life and the best part is you don't even have to believe it you just got to do it okay.

What if you could manage the emotional states of others. So you could take them from wherever they are to wherever you need them to be in just a few minutes right. What if you could hijack someone's internal. Behavior codes what if you could literally speed read them in such a way that you knew exactly the order and sequence of their thoughts and you could communicate it to them in such a way that they would just automatically take take on the behavior you describe by the way.

I already taught you how to do that at the part one of this webinar. But we go even more in depth in the actual training program what if you have the ability to emotionally. Bond anyone's deepest desires and get them to want to do what you wanted them to do that's what comes. Next is some of this might sound familiar right.

We're going to train you rigorously in simple fast easy to learn steps to do all of these things we're also going to include the killer influence mind control. Manifesto. It's a 418 value it's over 200 pages of. Hardcore both conversational as well as non-verbal influence tactics and techniques things like proxemic hypnotic operators which is all about how you manage the spatial uh locations in and around a person's body that cause them to see you as more authoritative or less authoritative how to how to become have it where you stand on their to the to the right.

Or the left can influence how suggestible they become to you you can also learn where where to sit and where not to sit at a meeting or a conference table right. We'll talk about embodied cognition things like just giving somebody a warm drink to hold will cause them to judge you or process your presence or your information uh more powerfully if they have a warm drink and if they have a cold drink right. You'll learn about all these environmental factors you'll learn about social hypnotic operators which are this the five to seven uh socially uh social triggers that cultures and governments program into every human being how they affect you how to recognize them how to turn the tables on people who are using these things to gain an unfair advantage over you we'll talk about how to profile how to detect lies and. So much more it's all in the killer influence mind control.

Manifesto. It's a 418 value we're going to include this as part of your training okay. Total value on this is two thousand four hundred ninety seven dollars. But we're not going to stop with just this think about what you can do with just this.

But if you grab your package right. Now today as a byproduct of this training we're going to include some special bonuses just for you these bonuses include. Weapons of. Mass instruction uh this is the science and the science and of seductive storytelling and metaphor technique this is um you know.

I've spent a lot of time in the hypnosis in. NLP worlds and every time. I would go into these classes they would say that the most powerful persuasion uh technique ever to subdivised was storytelling and metaphor. But every time.

I would go to a class on storytelling and metaphor it was the same stuff over and over and over again and they never they never got to the point um and. I realized after get going through yet another class that if there was going to be a class that would teach us how to actually use storytelling and metaphor in a strategic simple easy to understand way. I was going to have to create it. So.

I went to the science. I went to the. Neuroscience behind storytelling and metaphor. I went to the acknowledged experts on persuasion and influence and what.

I discovered surprised me see that. I divide and we divided this course up into five distinct modules the. First module is all about the. Neuroscience of.

Storytelling and metaphor how do you actually utilize why are stories. So powerful how do they work why are stories never perceived as a direct attempt at influence right. How do brains start to actually entrain with one another at just the very hint of a story and how do you leverage that how do you use stories to connect there's a whole set of templates and processes that little things you can do at a line at. Starbucks that will create tremendous tremendous connection between you and another human being.

Then we're going to talk about. Alpha stories. Alpha stories are of the stories most of us are familiar with these are the stories that we use to motivate people or to lead people or in selling we tend to try to tell people sales stories right. These are called.

Alpha strategies right. And there's a lot of different templates a lot of different archetypes that you can use and we'll show you step by step how to create and put those into practice. But there's another kind of story a story that. I think is completely ninja it's com it's it's at least if not more powerful at least as powerful as.

Alpha stories and these are stories that you will not hear about outside of certain circles these stories are called. Omega stories. Omega stories are stories that eliminate resistance to persuasion. So let's think.

Alpha story for a minute if you think about having a big old file cabinet right. That's that's weighted down with a lot of heavy files and. I need to move that filing cabinet across the room right. Well.

I can get behind it and. I can push and if it still doesn't move. I can get more people to help me push that would be an alpha strategy an alpha strategy is something that makes something more persuasive. But there's another way to handle that issue this is one that comes up a lot in people's lives that is the removal of resistance what if.

I didn't have 12 people behind me to push this filing cabinet. But. I had uh maybe a can of motor oil or. Vaseline or some kind of lubricant like rollers or something and.

I take that file cabinet and. I put it on. I. I put some lubricant on the ground in front of the the filing cabinet and now.

I can just push that filing cabinet across the floor because. I've eliminated what. I've eliminated the resistance to the persuasion that. I'm giving there's a specific set of formulas that you follow and when you create these kinds of formulas it doesn't make you more persuasive it just melts the resistance to the thing you're talking about and when you combine them you get a hold that's greater than the sum of the parts that's module three module four and five are all about what we call ninja stories stories also work as a very powerful delivery mechanism for other types of persuasion and influence tactics we've got at least probably 12 or 14 different things that you can do within the body of a regular old story that will make it even more powerful more persuasive and give the autonomic nervous system very very specific instructions about how to think what to think and how and who to think it with okay.

We even take the time to actually deconstruct the stories and narratives of high-level presenters people who are multi-billion dollar pitch men and we deconstruct uh the talks to show you the hidden. NLP and covert hypnosis tactics that these people are using these people are highly trained. But are not training you how to do these things they're just highly trained in using them on you for. Mass influence we're gonna we take you step by step through this entire process in this course and you will learn how to do every single thing that.

I've just talked about and a whole lot more as a byproduct of this bonus okay. It's a 1997 value we're going to give it to you absolutely free as part of the uh culture persuasion. Mastery. Program total combined value between the killer influence program secrets of human influence that we talked about and this is four thousand four hundred and eighty seven dollars.

But obviously we're not stopping there we're also going to include when you get your package today the. Renegade reframing how to overcome any objection or change any belief in seconds stop for a moment and think about this what if does anybody here ever had anybody say no. To them anybody here ever have anybody say no. To them yes.

Or yes. Anybody here ever try to explain somebody something to somebody and they came out with this belief system that completely limited them that held them back maybe that was you ever have you know somebody tell you something and all of a sudden this limiting belief about why you don't deserve it or why you can't have it or why it's not possible for you just came up think for a moment what if you had up to 14 different ways to change that in seconds what would you do what could you do with that that's exactly what. Renegade reframing is all about. Renegade reframing is a set of techniques that were modeled from the founder of.

NLP. Dr. Richard bandler when he would challenge his students to try and change his belief systems or try to reframe him he would systematically wipe the floor with these highly trained people who are trained in. How to.

Argue how to find faults in logic and he would mop the floor with these people using these 14 specific patterns these 14 patterns allow you to literally deconstruct and change anybody's belief system literally in minutes they can be used individually they can be used in combination and if you ever if you ever deal with sales objections or limiting beliefs this is easily one of the most powerful tools you can have as a therapist a client a teacher a leader and when you apply them to yourself you can't hold on to your limiting beliefs anymore it is super super powerful what it presupposes you have an understanding of the universal persuasion protocol in the. CPI model we're going to give this to you absolutely free it's a 1997 value total combined value is six thousand four hundred and eighty four dollars and once you have this there is not a single limiting belief that you can become aware of that you can't change okay. In fact we've had our our uh our year our yearly coaching clients apply this to all of their limiting beliefs and within seconds they can't go back to thinking the same way about stuff anymore it's that powerful. So when you apply this to everything else you've learned you've actually magnified and.

Amplified your ability to get your outcome anytime anywhere under any circumstance just for the self training the self-improvement and and uh belief changing process on yourself alone it's worth 10 times the price of admission. But we're going to give it to you free because we want you to be to have all the tools that you need to make a powerful positive change total combined value if you bought all these things individually on the website will be six thousand four hundred and eighty four dollars okay. Finally we're going to talk about. Charisma and conversion now um you heard me talk earlier.

I talked about how uh in cpi2 or the the. Strategic story and metaphoric training that we actually um deconstruct the talks of high-level pitch men who are using the hidden. NLP and hypnosis and stagecraft and things of that nature to get people to rush to the back of the room sign up for their product or service what have you in this course we're actually going to train you how to be that person in an ethical and and um non-manipulative way or at least at least a less sleazy way we're going to teach you the architecture of persuasion and influence how to design a talk or a presentation that allows you to. Prime people to want to take the.

Next level with you whether that. Next level is learning the techniques they've already paid to learn whether it's stepping up or leveling up in your your style your silo or your funnel to become a client um whether it's simply uh to take action on the things they've already learned this is the power of. Charisma and conversion it's going to teach you every single thing you need to know to create talks that. Inspire educate motivate and.

Prime people to take action okay. Uh we'll teach you all the story and metaphor techniques from cpi2 which is a story um and how to use that we'll teach you about basic stagecraft how to hold a microphone. But most importantly you're going to learn two different forms of presentation short form presentation and long-form presentation this is persuasion architecture this is how you lay out a talk on paper that subliminally primes people both on a structure level. But also on a.

Content level to believe what you say do what you want connect everything that they want to everything you offer and raise their hand to take the. Next level that's what this is about. I've told all my students from the time. I was.

I. First started coming on. YouTube at the time. I started taking clients that the most powerful the fastest and effective way to build your business is through public speaking to get in front of a group of people who have a problem that you know how to solve and lead them through the experience of solving that problem and.

Then telling them how to take the. Next level that's what. I'm doing with you. I'm giving you guys experiences.

I'm giving you the ability to. I'm asking you to take what you want to learn about how you want to fix that problem. I'm going to give you techniques that lead you step by step through a set of experiences. So that you know beyond a shadow of a doubt that this is the real thing for you right.

Because you've had the experience and. Then. I point you in the direction of where to go it's up to you to decide if you deserve it or not. But if you really want to build your business if you really want to take all of these skills and use it to write your own ticket in this life.

Charisma conversion is worth its weight in gold. But it presupposes you have training in the. Universal persuasion protocol you understand story metaphor you understand reframing. So that now you can apply these things to the largest theater of combat or interaction that there is and that's public speaking.

Mass influence right. Um it's a 1997 value it's yours free uh we're gonna and if you just take all the things we've talked about here it's at 8 481 value all you got to do to get yours is go to www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go all right. So let's just review what we've got here you know a lot of you already asking for this. So.

I'm just going to go ahead and post the links all right. Uh let me post this in the link again okay. It's already in there good all right. So let's just review it.

So we're going to start with the sequence of human influence program it's a 17 video set covers the seven stage. Universal persuasion protocol it includes the killer influence mind control. Mastery. Manifesto.

It's a 2497 value we're going to include. Weapons of. Mass instruction neuroscientific storytelling and metaphor. Secrets recorded live with the manual 1997 value we're going to give that to you free we're going to conclude the.

Renegade reframing how to instantly overcome any objection or change any belief in seconds it's a 1997 value we're going to include the. Charisma conversion hypnotic presentation skills core training it's a 1997 value total value if you were to buy these things individually on the website would cost you at least eight thousand four hundred eighty one dollars now obviously we don't want to charge you eight thousand four hundred eighty one dollars in fact because it's a recession because this these skills are. So absolutely important because you know why you want this and why you need it. I want to give you the best deal in the possible.

I want to make the ability to get everything you want as simple as. I can and still be fair. So you're not going to have to pay eight thousand four hundred and eighty one dollars you're not even gonna pay six thousand four hundred eighty one. I'm not even going to charge you 53.47 although.

I've gotten actually three or four times that amount for the same kinds of material we're not going to charge you 33.47 and we're certainly not going to charge you 23.47. um. I thought about doing uh 1497 and. Then. I was like you know what these are my people this is my crowd give me those crazy crazy nights if you grab your course right.

Now today you can get it all for one low investment at just 9.97 you get every single thing. I've talked about and a whole lot more all you got to do to get yours and if you need extra help you can break that up into three easy installments at just 397 each all you gotta do to get yours is go to www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go now if you already have the killer influence program you can substitute that for defense against the dark arts or anything of an equal or lesser value. So if you've seen anything if you if you're veteran of. Planet.

David and you've got some of the courses we've listed here already just let. Stephanie know and she'll let you customize your program within certain limits it's 14.97 on the website okay. Um which website. Lori okay.

Well happy birthday for those of you who grabbed the course we're going to give it to you for 9.97. okay. So. Brandon go in and change that for them and make it 9.97 we're going to do a recession. Buster and uh we'll go from there obviously we have a mistake in the.

PowerPoint. But that's okay. I'm gonna honor it. Craig says.

I'm in this might be the. Last time we do this at this price point. But like. I said the.

PowerPoint says 997. and uh we're gonna we're gonna honor that okay. All you got to do is go to www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go now for those of you who are little on the fence. Craig's end he says excellent um all you got to do is try this for 60 days if after 60 days you're not on the fast track to make it more money either in your own business uh closing more sales uh in your job if you're not. CL if you're not winning more interviews right.

If you're not on your fast track to. Financial. Freedom if you're not getting more dates dating higher quality people hiring higher quality people if you're not moving through the world feeling more confident and secure and. Powerful if you're not winning in the social encounters that are important to you all you got to do is pick up the phone or send.

Stephanie an email and we'll refund your money you see if you're not getting the results that we want you to have if you're not getting the results that you want you to have we don't want your investment we want you to take that that revenue and invest it in something that's gonna pay dividends for you. But you have 60 days to come in do the drills get the skills okay. And if at the end of 60 days it's not working for you we'll give you your money back right. Um our we raised our prices.

Last month to 1497 apparently this. PowerPoint didn't get modified. So you win today you get the 997 price point you get an extra 500 off. But only if you grab it before the end of the webinar okay.

Okay. Um and it comes with a 60-day money-back guarantee if it doesn't work you get your money back um. G is asking is there a payment arrangement for 997 yes. You can break that up into three installments of 397 each for 3.99 forget what it is all right.

All you got to do to go to your get yours is go to www.killerinfluence.com forward slash. Geo it's www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go this is why you want to pay attention to the webinars because every now and. Then something slips through my cracks and because. I'm an honorable guy.

I want you to have the best deal possible okay. So for those of you who know how things work in. Planet. David.

I like to reward people who take action. I like the to me the the victory goes to the people who take action fortune favors the. Bold. So for those of you who know this is right.

For you for those of you who really want the biggest bang for your buck if you grab your course before tonight. March 15 2023 at 11 59 pm. I'm going to include these special facts. Dash and bonuses for you the.

First one is a three-month trial membership to the. NLP. Power. Practice uh.

Mastermind mentoring. Practice. Group this is a 90-day trial where you come in on the. Third.

Saturday of every month and either virtually or in person and. I literally go around the room and. I say hey what do you want to learn today what do you want to learn today what do you want to learn today and. I write it all up on the board and.

Then. I step back and. I look. At the.

Connecting. Threads. I create a lesson plan for you right. On the spot for the.

Next four hours five hours. I drill you on those skills until you can do them in your sleep okay. You won't get a certificate from the mentoring program what you will get is the most important success multiplier imaginable hands-on experience and real world feedback you'll get to work with people either virtually or in person over and over again doing the drills that you need to learn to move your life forward at the end of that five to six hours. However long it is you go out into the world to apply those skills when you come back the.

Next month. I'm going to ask you what do you want to work on today. Seth what do you want to learn. Jeffrey what do you want to learn.

Joseph what do you want to learn. Stacy what do you want to learn. Dana what do you want to learn. Donna what do you want to learn.

Monica what do you want to learn. I'm going to write them all on the board and. I'm going to look. Where they all connect where they all meet up.

I'm going to create that lesson plan right. On the spot we're going to drill again and we're going to do that every single month on the. Third. Saturday of every month for as long as you're in the program okay.

Now that's the cool part you're going to meet hundreds of people just like you who want the same things you want or want the same skills you want need and it's going to take you to a whole other level in your life. But that's not even the best part we have videotaped every single session of the. NLP power. Mastermind mentoring program since we started it in.

October of 2010. as a member of the. NLP power mine. Mastermind mentoring program you're going to get complete 24-hour day access to the entire 11 year archive you'll be able to binge watch stuff that has never seen the light of day on. YouTube in any product and it covers the full spectrum of human influence and mind-body.

Technologies from energetics to trauma resolution to sales and marketing to dating attraction sexuality energy healing remote influence. NLP hypnosis and hypnotherapy accelerated learning if it involves mind body and spirit it's somewhere in the. NLP power. Mastermind mentoring archive you can binge watch it at your discretion for as long as you want for the duration of your membership in the.

NLP power. Mastermind mentoring program okay. Now at the end of 90 days if you decide that you like. Planet.

David you want to be a bigger part of that pick up the phone let. Stephanie know send her an email we'll show you how to extend your membership if at the end of 90 days you decide you know it was fun. But. I.

I think. I got other things. I got to focus on no. Fuss no.

Must you're done okay. So that's how it works it's at 1597 value we're going to give it to you absolutely free if you do the if you do the math you're looking at ten thousand seventy eight dollars in total bonuses okay. But we're not done yet like. I said.

I believe. I truly do that the behavior that gets rewarded gets repeated the behavior that gets repeated gets reinforced what's the behavior that most people don't do they don't take action on the things that they want they don't take actions on the things that they say are important to them. I want you to take action because that's how you become successful fortune favors the bold and. So.

I want to reward you for being an action taker for stepping up and saying to yourself. I deserve this and. I'm gonna get it okay. So.

I'm also going to include the following special bonuses for you for those of you who grabbed this course before. I log off the end of tonight's webinar we're going to include as part of your fast. Action. Program the stealth instant conversational hypnosis crash course this is a 997 dollar value it includes two a complete deep dive into the most powerful language patterns that exist it includes um.

I want to say again. I'm having a pop-up here it includes training in lie detection instant and. Rapid inductions um. I believe there's actually also one on anchoring and.

Criterion values illustration. So there's a ton of videos in there and if it's this if it is the same course. I remember there's also a crash course in there called hidden. Laws of.

Attraction it's a smaller version of the. Fuller version. Laws of. Attraction course um that we started teaching live uh two or three years ago.

So there's a tremendous amount there comes with manuals transcripts audios that you can listen to uh workbooks it's a very very uh comprehensive program and it's designed for one thing and one thing only to download tonight. So you can hypnotize people tomorrow it's the fact it's going to get you started instantly in the most powerful language patterns that exist the three magic questions protocols some of the most powerful attraction generating systems we've ever developed and it's yours for free total combined value is eleven thousand seventy five dollars and. Finally for those of you who really want to go deep for the. Next 21 people to register today you're going to get a free.

VIP ticket to my. Next killer influence 2023 live certification boot camp this is a five-day. Deep dive into the. Art and.

Science of the number one influence training program in the world four straight years running okay. It's going to be here in. San. Diego.

June 20th through the 24th and from day one we will indoctrinate you we will teach you everything you need to know about how to control your state how to link that state to the neurologies of other people. So you can transfer those. States back and forth we'll teach you the most powerful language patterns that exist we'll teach you. State control on demand.

So no. One can push your buttons ever again we'll teach you how to manage the state of the people you interact with. So they want to do the things that you want them to do how to speed read people. So you can tell by their body language their facial orientation their ventral orientation what's going on with them we're going to teach you the mysteries of proxemic hypnotic influence how to manage the spatial uh relationships between you and other people.

So that you psychologically position yourself in their mind in a way that empowers you and gets you this great the fastest track to your outcome we're going to teach you the social hypnotic operators that people are using and how to use those at will we're going to teach you how to catch live we're going to teach you how to reframe things we're going to teach you about meta programs there's. So much that we're going to teach you in those five days and you'll come out embodying that training able to perform these things anytime anywhere under any circumstance it's one of the most powerful transformational programs we've offered and. I am excited every time. I teach it because when the lights come on and the empowerment rolls in your life begins to change and it changes really really quickly and it's fun it's a lot of fun.

So it's a two thousand two hundred fifty dollar value we're going to give this to you absolutely free. I don't know why my free didn't show up there. But uh total value is thirteen thousand three hundred twenty five dollars now let me tell you something a little bit about our. VIP tickets and this is part of our.

VIP ticket program the. VIP ticket program is um the way it works is you have a ticket and let's say something happens at the. Last minute right. And all of a sudden you can't come to the five-day training in.

June well that's fine you just pick up the phone you let. Stephanie know we'll move you to the. Next killer influence training let's say the training sells out which it often does and your schedule frees up at the. Last minute and you want to come no.

Problem pick up the phone give. Stephanie a call we'll make a seat for you if we raise the price you know you guys know we raised the price in. January for a lot of our stuff you have a price guarantee you will never pay more for your entrance to the killer influence program okay. If you want to gift that ticket to somebody who you think could make the best use of it you can do that right.

And the best part all. I think is it doesn't expire. So let's say you get this ticket today and you can't get to a training for three years right. Well you pick you call up three years from now you say hey.

Stephanie. I got this ticket on a webinar that. David was doing on human influence back in the day can. I still use it we'll say come on in right.

You have it until you use it it's my gift to you right. Why because if you really want to embody these skills you've got to get it live right. You can do a lot through virtual training. But if you take the live training.

First or as your core and. Then supplement it with the videos you get a whole is greater than the sum of the parts now if you're using this primarily if you're using the video training as your core you need to go through those videos at least two or three times each. Then get to the live training and all of a sudden the the everything will just light up like a. Christmas tree there's ways to accelerate and maximize your learning.

But the one thing we have found out over and over and over again is that the biggest gains come from the live training and now it's never been easier because it's free you just got to use your. VIP ticket grab your ticket today and come to the training and you will be a master in the shortest amount of time humanly possible don't take my word for it take for take the words from the people in the chats with you who've used this material who've been to the. Live. Events and ask them what's going on total values 13 325 dollars let's just review really quick okay.

Hold on okay. Secrets of human influence home study program is two thousand four hundred ninety seven dollar value. Weapons of. Mass instruction neuroscient neuroscience and storytelling.

Secrets 1997 value we're going to give that to you free. Renegade reframing. Charisma and conversion both to one thousand nine hundred ninety seven dollar values each we're going to give those to you free we're going to give you the. NLP power.

Mastermind mentoring program 1597 value we're going to give that to you absolutely free you're going to get the stealth instant conversational hypnosis crash course everything you need to watch watch the videos tonight hypnotize people tomorrow or if you like to stay up late and you can find somebody willing you can do it tonight 997 value we're going to give it to you absolutely free and we're going to include the free killer influence. VIP super ticket for the five day convert hypnosis certification boot camp live here in. San. Diego.

California. January. I'm sorry. June 20th to the 24th apparently.

I need to really go back over my. PowerPoints. June 20th to the 24th here in. San.

Diego. California total package value is 13 325 dollars you can get all of the things. I talked about for today only extra 500 discount 997 investment or if you need extra help you can break that into three easy installments of just 397. all you need to do is go to www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go it's www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go why did my screen go off hold on a. Second oh that's why all right.

Uh yeah. So it's three easy install or if you need a little help you can go at 3G installments of just 397. just go to www.killerinfluence.go www.kildinfluence.go let me just make sure. I've got all my slides here okay. Good all right.

So here's what we're gonna do we're gonna give you guys a seven minute break when we come back we are going to pick up with part three of tonight's webinar and we're going to build on the foundations that we've talked about controlling your state using the echo technique the emotional bonding checklist and. Then we're going to customize the content of tonight's webinar to the specific application that you guys as a group most want to know about is that going to be how to create traction chemistry and connection is that going to be how to remove resistance to your influence is it going to be how to deeply emotionally. Bond people to you your product service or your business. I want you guys as you're as you're thinking about or as you're as you're processing and grabbing your package.

I want you to think about what direction you want to take your training tonight okay. So it's uh 5 45 p.m. Pacific time my time we'll be back at five two in just a few short minutes we'll see in a little bit if you have any questions post them in the chat and we will answer that just as soon as we possibly can foreign all right. All right.

So oops okay. Some reason my video is not showing up don't mind me folks. I'm trying very hard to get my my camera to work for some reason my camera doesn't seem to be working here huh that's weird can everybody hear me okay. You guys can hear me type uh.

I can hear you in the chat hello hello okay. My. YouTubers can hear me. But.

I can't. I'm not getting anything from my uh let me type in the chat hold on a. Second we might be having some technical difficulties okay. So like you guys can see me in the chat.

But. I don't. I'm not sure what's going on with my uh huh give me just a minute to figure this out folks. I got to figure out what's going on with my uh my camera's not working hmm.

I may have to do this in a weird way all right. Let's see if this works hold on a. Second no. That's not working huh well all right.

Well we're gonna have to probably continue the rest of this um for some reason. I cannot get my camera working. So we're gonna actually just go back to uh just have to use my. OneNote now um and you just have to bear with me guys.

I apologize. I'm not sure what what changed yeah for those of you coming at me on. YouTube um yeah you're not going to have a problem because. I'm streaming parallel to my jet webinar.

But my jet webinar information uh video seems to have crashed and. I can't really leave the program without messing everything up. So. I'm just gonna.

I'm gonna for those of you are who are joining us through jet. Then um we're just going to go ahead and there we go we're just going to make that bigger all right. So what you've got here is the emotional motivation checklist is everybody remember. Paige says she can't hear anybody else can you guys can you guys hear me if you can hear me type it type.

I hear you in the chat now this is for my this is my jet webinar folks all right. Um hmm how's this gonna work. I apologize for this folks. I'm not sure what's going on um all right.

Well let's let's click let's go to the chats. But that doesn't help me either. So there's no. Audio either huh.

I'm gonna do something very weird folks you're not gonna. I'm you're not gonna believe this. But let's see let's see if. I could pull this off [Music] um.

I have no. Idea if. I can do this. But we'll see um we may have to we may have to do an encore performance if.

I can get the webinar to finish meetings no. That's not what. I want to do just go back hmm copy link address let's see if this actually works hold on a. Second nope that's not going to work oh wait yes.

It will haha all right. So since. I can't get to you through jet let's see if this actually works. I'm going to post this link in my chat on my jet interface and for those of you who want to hold on a.

Second guys. I'll be right. With you hello hello hey what's going on research your screen a video on. Jeff re-shared on jet okay.

Uh. I'm. I never stopped sharing. But or we share it okay.

And one. Second uh we'll do that okay. Foreign. I'm on tech support right.

Now guys bear with me and share your video again well the the the the stop the stop video and start video doesn't even work now it's not even clickable um just reload the broadcast window and. Then just join and share it again it'll be fine all right. There you go okay. I'm back all right.

Can everybody see and hear me now that was crazy are we back okay. I can't see my chat. But foreign okay. So guys.

I apologize for this because now. I can't see my chat. I can't see anybody typing things in the chat um let me see what happens when. I'm gonna try reloading the page again and see what happens okay.

I can see my participants. But. I can't. I can't get it.

I can't see anything in my chat all right. Well well. Then you know what we're going to do. Then.

I'm just gonna. I'm gonna teach you something that. I hope you guys can uh appreciate. I want to talk about the emotional bonding checklist a little bit.

I also want to talk a little bit more about uh resistance removal. So let me see if. I can share this with you all right. So one of the things that we want to talk about is we talked a little bit about the the echo technique and why this is.

So important right. It eliminates the need for small talk emotional motivation checklist goes right. To a person's values and criteria now when we start dealing with resistance one of the things that um. I tell my students is that the most powerful way to get people to want to do the things they said they just don't want to do is by having them generate their own reasons for doing it.

So what we're going to look. At is what we call the resistance removal protocol and this is based on the work of. Dr. Michael pantalon it involves using the echo technique.

But it has some very important um parameters to it okay. The. First thing you must do when you want to get people to voluntarily willingly dare. I say eagerly do the thing they just said they didn't want to do is you must restore their sense of personal autonomy now what does that actually mean it means you gotta re you got to make it okay.

For them to not want to do it okay. Here we go okay. So the. First thing that has to happen is you have to make the person believe that they don't have to do it and that you're okay.

With them not doing it if you can't do that effectively. Then they're going to paint everything you say and do with an agenda all right. Does that make sense now for those of you who have a question um for some reason our chat interfate when we got our video back our chat stop working if you go to our. YouTube channel and type your question in the chat that chat's still alive and functioning um and.

I can answer your questions that way okay. There's lots of people on our. YouTube channel who would love to interact with you they'd love to get to know you guys as well. So you have to reaffirm their right.

To say no. So what does that actually look. Like one of the things that. I used to spend a lot of time doing when.

I was in the hypnotherapy world is every now and. Then you know. I mentioned that. I didn't get a lot of smoke cessation clients that were that was not my client of choice right.

And. So. But every now and. Then.

I would get somebody that would come in and they would say and this is something for those of you who see clients this is something. I want you to really uh pay attention to when someone says to you. I need you to make me do. X right.

Anytime somebody says. I need you to make me do. X what you're hearing is a modal operator of necessity and what that means on a on a you know all neuro. Linguistics aside what that means is they're reacting from a place where somebody is making them do something they do not want to do never ever ever if you can help it accept a client who does not want to do what you want them to do now they say in hypnosis you can't make anybody do something against their will not true uh let me just get that that cat out of the bag it is it is actually not true.

However it is much more difficult to get people to do things they do not want to do how do. I and how can. I say that have you ever bought something you didn't want if you if that's true for you type type that's me in the chat have you ever bought something you didn't want congratulations you were hypnotized against your will okay. So be very very wary of that um okay.

Um. But it is much easier to get people to want to do the things they said they don't want to do right. And the way you do that is by having them create their own reason here's something. I want you to write down the human nervous system never resists itself okay.

What the human nervous system creates the human nervous system accepts. So taking that set of principles and going back to the beginning of the webinar remember we talked about the echo technique and the most powerful words any human being can hear or what we said the ones that came out of their mouth right. Now we took. That one step further and we had you think about all the things you want to get and be able to do as a byproduct of this training and we had you write them out and.

Then what did we do we asked you what's important about that to you and you wrote that down and. Then we took. What you wrote down and we asked the same question what's important about that and. Then we asked that question again what's important.

So we drilled down from the thing you said you wanted to what was important about that and we drilled down three levels all of the and. Then all you did was read that information out loud to yourself right. And you had a profound. State change why because all of that information came from inside of you because it came from inside of you your neurology approves of all of it your neurology accepts all of it it's the difference between a cloned organ and a transplanted organ if.

I take all the things that you guys wrote down and. I put them in my words and. I say them to you it can have a significant impact. However it won't have near the same level of neurological power and impact as if.

I read your very own words to you why because your nervous system is always accepting of what it creates this is one of these big meta principles that. I want you to apply to everything okay. If you want if you're dealing with somebody who has just said that they don't want to do something the only reason they'll accept to for wanting to do it is the one they make up right. But you have to make sure that the filters that are at place when people try to get you to do something for their reasons they browbeat you they bust your.

Stones they they belittle you they they give you this laundry list of all the logical reasons why you should do something don't you freaking hate that you get reactive we call it the you factor right. So one of the things that happens when people are feel like their their sense of personal choice is being threatened victimized or taken away they get reacted and they view anyone outside of themselves as being part of that of the the enemy the one trying to make them to do things they don't want to do. So your your most important piece when you're dealing with getting people to want to do the things that they just said they don't want to do is convincing them that you're on their side that you want to support them whether they do what do that thing or not. So what.

I would do many times is. I would tell my my clients and again it was very rare that. I would get a smoke cessation client. But they're probably um another another really problem um.

Niche tends to be the fibromyalgia. Niche right. For various reasons. But we'll use smoke cessation as an example for this um someone comes in and says hey doc.

I need you to to make me stop smoking or make me quit smoking and right. Away uh. Andrew. Morris is saying are there a way to do this without the one through ten scale.

So you can do it in more real world apps uh. Andrew. I do the one through ten in real world apps. I don't.

I don't um. I don't ever negate that okay. And. I'll explain we can explain why in.

The. Mastermind. But don't think for a moment that the way. I teach it is not the real world app it's exactly how.

I do it um that being said. So they'll say to me. I need you to make me quit smoking. I say look.

I don't know what. I don't know if you're here because your your mom sent you or your wife sent you or your children sent you. I don't even care who's paying the bill regardless of who's paying the bill when you step through that door into my office. I am your.

Advocate. I am your ally. I am your clinician my job regardless of who's paying the bill is to get you what you want right. To make your life what you want it to be.

So if you don't want to quit smoking. I'm not going to try and make you quit smoking in fact if you want to enjoy smoking more. I'll help you do that if you want to just sit in here and just do a stress release session or just go home and and tell your tell your wife it didn't work. I'll do that because.

I'm on your side if you don't want to change. I'm not gonna. I'm here to make you change. DRM is asking does this work in romantic relationships yes.

As long as you can deliver it congruently and sincerely it works like gangbusters okay. And. I'm going to give you the full formula. I recommend you pick up.

Dr panalone's book. Instant influence that's where these. Techni the technique. I'm teaching you is derived from the material in that book.

But. I will tell you based on my understanding of the human nervous system that this exact process also works on physical pain works on emotional pain it works on reactants it works on any form of resistance that you deal with. I have videos you can watch on. YouTube like if you go to my my.

YouTube channel and you watch instant instant conversational pain or uh conversational pain relief you'll see me literally use a version of this protocol to argue somebody out of back pain because at the level of information that we're processing it's all just data now that's a little sidebar. But. I want you to understand that the scope of what this technique does is far greater than the book. Leads you to believe okay.

So. Anyway um. So the. First thing you have to do if you want to get somebody to want to do the thing they just said they don't want you got to convince them that it's okay.

For them not to do it it's it's it's a paradox really. So it goes something like this. So look. If you don't want to quit smoking.

I'm not going to try and make you quit smoking if you want to enjoy smoking more. I'm going to help you do that right. But. I am curious if you were to want to quit smoking not for your wife's reasons or your kids reasons or your mom's reasons or your dad's reasons or your brother's reasons or your boss's reasons if you were to want to quit smoking for your god-given reasons.

I'm curious why might you want to do that and you'll see them they'll go uh well you know. I am getting kind of short of breath when. I play with my kids and. I mean it'd be kind of nice to have a little bit more energy it does get expensive after a while oh.

I see. So. So you're saying that um it's getting a little bit harder to breathe and uh if you'd like to have more energy and it costs a lot of money yeah. I think.

I you know it would be good for me to to save that money and actually you know. So. I can play with my kids and be healthy oh okay. So you can play with your kids and be healthy and save money.

So. I'm curious just. So. I understand you better on a scale of zero to ten how much might you want to do that well.

I don't know three oh wow a three why. So much why. I'm curious why didn't you rate that less and and you're going to see them do this they're going to go what why do you want that. So much why a three on a scale of zeratives why is it why is it why is it.

So high well because it's important you know. I mean my health if. I don't have my health. I can't play with my kids.

I don't have any energy. I can't do nothing. I'm gonna be in an early grave you know aside from the money thing oh. So if.

I understand you better. Then it's it's about having the energy and the health and avoiding an early grade yeah okay. So how soon do you want to get started. I'm curious how soon do you want to get started avoiding that early grave well dude let's just do the session right.

And it's literally that's that's and it can be that rough or that smooth because the idea is you have to you have to you have to convince them you're on their side that it doesn't you know when you see me write down like when. I when. I do this um. I want a.

Second. So when you look. At this protocol and you see the uh the whole um restore personal autonomy a lot of people gloss over this this is actually one of the most important pieces um in the in the system is you've got to make them believe that you're on their side okay. Uh.

Joseph. Christensen is asking who is the book. By uh. Joseph the book.

Is by a gentleman named. Dr. Michael pantalone p-a-n-t-a-l-o-n-e the book. Is called instant influence.

I apologize for my uh my eager beavers in the chat. I cannot see your chats. But if you if you type things um in the. YouTube channel.

I can see that. I'm not sure why the chat's not coming through. But um. So let's now here let's go through the process all right.

Let me show you this um. I really. I gotta be honest. I don't like when.

I can't interact with you guys it really bothers me because. I. I thrive on interaction all right. So the.

First thing you want to do is restore their sense of personal autonomy. Then you want to reaffirm their right. To say no. Not now no.

Reactants is a defense mechanism we call it the you factor right. So the question is if you were to want to do. X why might you want to do that okay. Now this this particular sequence here for those of you who aren't familiar with um what we call the master.

Echo sequence the master. Echo sequence starts with. I want to say let me make this a little bigger starts with ask a question pay attention to the response. Echo validate the response.

Echo their words ask again right. So if we were to take this by using again a numbered lists we would ask a question you would pay attention to the response if you validate the response you. Echo their words you ask it and when we say again it means it can be the same question or a different question okay. So if.

I say the person. So if you. So sir if you were to want to quit smoking you were to want to quit smoking for your own reasons why might you want to do that and. So they might say well.

So. I can play with my kids okay. So that's what they say. So.

I would what would. I do. I would apply the master. Echo formula to that and.

I would say something oh. I see. So you can play with your kids think that's a truly worthy goal for wanting to stop smoking. So.

I'm curious foreign just. So. I understand you better on a scale of zero to ten how much might you want to do that all right. So let's look.

At this now. First of all from the the master. Echo technique perspective right. So because.

I've already asked a question. I'm going to. Echo their words. So you can play with your kids right.

Then. I'm going to validate what they said in other words. I'm going to demonstrate to them that. I am on their side that.

I am in agreement with what they said now. I'm going to soften my my words here we'll talk about softeners um during a different webinar when we have we'll talk about it at killer influence when you come to killer influence or if you come to the uh the. Australia training we'll talk about that there okay. And.

Then just to understand you better on a scale of 0 to 10 how much might you want to do that. So if we look. At the master. Echo sequence right.

We've applied that here right. Why might you want to do that. So. I can play with my kids oh.

I see. So you can play with your kids. I think that's truly where the golf wanting to stop smoking. So.

I'm curious just. So. I understand you better on a scale of zero to ten how much might you want to do that. So this is what the master.

Echo sequence actually looks like when you when you deploy it this is the format that you follow if you were to want to do. X why might you want to do that validate. Echo ask again on a scale of zero to ten you see we did that here how much might you want to do that okay. Now they're going to give you a number now you guys remember when.

I was when. I was acting out the the role play earlier. I gave you this kind of a look. I said also.

I'm curious on a scale of 0 to 10 how much might you want to do that three oh wow a three why. So much why why didn't you rate that less and the guy's like what you're gonna get that look. A lot because every single person the minute you start asking um why didn't you rate that their brain starts running ahead thinking you're about to attack them and ask them why they didn't want it more right. And.

So you'll see that double take a lot of times they'll go what right. Are you got who is not seeing. I'm getting my video is running why are you guys not running seeing this are you guys on. YouTube not seeing something right.

So we're having a slew of technical difficulties. So. I'll tell you what. I'm gonna do how many of you guys would like to have this webinar again oh okay.

So you see me not the screen okay. So you guys want to see the screen. I can do that there wasn't much to see on the screen. But we can do that um as soon as.

I find it hold on a. Second we only got your handsome mug all right. Hold on a. Second let me see what.

I got here. I think. I might have somehow inadvertently closed a window okay. All right.

All right. So for those of you who did not see the things. I was just talking about. So we started with the master.

Echo sequence which is ask a question pay attention to the response validate the response. Echo their words ask again this is something if you this is what. I want you to take away from the webinar today is this master. Echo sequence you ask a question you pay attention to the response you validate their response you.

Echo their words you ask again. So our. YouTube our. YouTube person is saying one.

Second um yeah get get in the. Mastermind there's some. I think there's some kind of conflicts going on that wasn't there before. I don't know if they've done a software update or what.

But. Anyway. So. Master.

Echo sequence ask your question pay attention to the response validate the response. Echo their words ask again when you're moving through this process there's some key things. I want you to pay attention to and that is this sequence right. Here okay.

If you were to want to do. X why might you want to do. X now here's the secret to this when you start to do this formula you have to use the word might okay. Might creates possibility for things where no.

Possibility exists that's really functionally all you need to know it's technically what we call a modal operator of possibility anytime you inject might into a phrase when it's something okay. Lori's asking can you give it free if you were to want to quit smoking. Lori why might you want to do that for your reasons not mine right. As opposed to if you were to want to buy a product.

Lori why why do you want to do that right. You might not see you might say oh. I don't want to do that. But if.

I were to say to you. Lori if you were to want to buy the the webinar package that we have for your reasons why might you want to do that now your brain will start to generate a reason for why you might want to do that okay. So this this little word is. So tremendously powerful that it it's practically in every process that.

I teach okay. Might you have to be very careful and you'll learn this in in killer influence there are about six to eight words we call the unbelievable eight and the unbelievable eight are words that will actually um undermine your persuasion abilities. So some of those words are obviously try can't hope uh think. But might can also work against you as well and no.

Okay. These words for various reasons if you use them ineffectively or if you use them without an understanding of the full potential of them can actually weaken your persuasion message we use we we say might can weaken your persuasion message because it it creates possibilities where there wasn't one before. So if you're if you're installing a process that you want an absolute sense of certainty about and you use the word might it creates doubt okay. But if you are asking somebody to contemplate something that they would never ever they have a certainty in the opposite direction that they would never want to do and you use the word might they will start to generate a reason or a rationale for why they might do it and because they generated that rationale it's now acceptable to them now what you do from there is actually kind of cool because the moment they generate the rationale you pay attention to the response you.

Echo those words you validate it you ask another question what is that. Next question that. Next question if you go back to our screen sharing that. Next question is on a scale of zero to ten how much might you want to do that now what's interesting about this is the person thinks that they know exactly where you're going they think you're trying to browbeat them um they start to think that way.

Anyway how much might you want to do that now it doesn't really matter what number they give you they could give you a nine they could give you a six they could give you a 1.5 they could give you a one right. It doesn't matter because the minute you get they give you a number which you're gonna you want you're gonna. Echo the words validate. Echo and ask again what's going to happen is you're going to challenge that assumption you're going to say oh why.

So much why didn't you rate it less now what happens when you challenge a person's rationale the re their their desire to hold on to that rationale get stronger okay. So let's all play a little bit let's do this. I want you to think of something now again. I can't see my chat in the jet webinar.

But. I know the folks those of you who are um. I work with people who've lost loved ones can you can you see how. I'd apply this yes.

In your case. Lori you'd want to work on their willingness to let go right. You'd have to be very you'd have to do a little bit more fact-finding onto the thing that they're holding on to that they're refusing to let go of okay. But.

I've actually used this on grieving boyfriends who can't get over their girlfriends right. As long as they're generating the reason or the rationale this will work okay. So let's do this now my freaking screen just spontaneously changed again. So all right.

So here's what we're going to do. I'm gonna. I want to review really quickly offer we have on the table in case anybody's um wants to grab the. Last minute package and.

Then we're going to come back we're going to do this we're going to do this resistance removal protocol together as a group exercise. So we can experience it for ourselves right. So for those of you who may have been joining us late or we're confused we have a special offer going right. Now it's called the secrets of human influence home study course uh it comes with a whole bunch of amazingly cool free bonuses and extra trainings it's a 2497 value for the sequence of human influence home study course by itself.

But we're also going to throw in weapons of mass instruction it's a 1997 right. Almost in thank you. Alma for joining us we're going to give that to you free we're going to include the. Renegade reframing uh uh conversational belief change home study course 1997 value we're going to give that to you absolutely free we're going to give you the.

Charisma conversion home study course hypnotic presentation skills for public speaking. So 1997 value we're going to give that to you absolutely free we're going to throw in the. NLP power. Mastermind mentoring program and um and the 11-year video archive for one thousand five hundred ninety seven dollar value we're going to give that to you free you're going to get the stealth instant conversation with gnosis crash course 997 value absolutely free and.

Finally for those of you who want to get in on the ground floor who want to get the live experience which. I highly recommend we're going to give you a free. VIP super ticket to the five day killer influence certification boot camp. June 20th through the 24th here in.

San. Diego. California it's a two thousand two hundred fifty dollar value we're going to give it to you absolutely free the total package value for this is 13 325 you can get it all for one low investment of just 9.97 or three easy installments of just 397 each all you got to do to get yours is go to www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go www.killerinfluence.com forward slash g o one more time with feeling www.killerinfluence.com forward slash. Geo okay.

So. I just wanted to kind of give you that little. Last minute reminder and now we're going to talk we're going to go back to um our regularly scheduled program uh let me see here let's go to sharing my screen you know what let's. I don't even.

I don't even need to share my screen we can just we can just do this um hold on a. Second. I don't know what's going on here all right. All right.

So can everybody see me okay. Yes. Yes. All right.

So here's what we're gonna do. I want you to take out a piece of paper and. I want you to write down something on a scale of zero to ten that you don't want to do. I would keep it low for now um just to make it simple what.

I want you to do is. I want you to just go ahead and think of something you don't want to do or something you've been putting off whatever and. I want you to understand something. I want you to understand that if you don't want to do it.

I'm not going to try and make you do it that is completely and typical to the type of of influence and persuasion that. I do right. So if you don't want to do it. I respect your right.

To not do it you don't have to do it. I'm not going to make you do it if there's any way. I can help you not do it better. I'll do that right.

But. I am curious though as you look. At that thing you you said you don't want to do if you were to want to do it why might you want to do it again you can write it down or you can just speak it out loud why might you want to do it and. I think it's amazing okay.

That you know that you might want to do it for that reason. So. I'm curious on a scale of 0 to 10 if you were to want to do that thing for your reasons not my reasons not the government's reasons not religions reasons not your wife's reasons not your parents reasons if you were to want to do this thing for nobody else's reasons. But your best reasons.

I'm curious about something why might you want to do that take a moment write that down or speak it out loud and thinking about it like that scale of zero to ten how much might you want to do that and. I want to ask you a question. I'm curious why didn't you rate that less why would you want this. So much and speak out loud why you would want that.

So much now. I can only get feedback from my my people on. YouTube. But.

I'm curious what's the. Next step we need to take to move that forward for you to get you that that thing we just talked about right. Now one of the things that happens is when you start to attack a person's rationale the rationale that gets attacked grows stronger. So some of you may have noticed that when.

I ask you to rate it on a scale of zero to ten and. Then. I asked you why didn't you rate it less okay. No.

Did you know how many of you. I'm curious how many of you notice your desire to do it actually went up. I know my my. YouTubers have a little bit of a delay.

So all right. So. I wish. I could get feedback from my webinar people.

I'm waiting for my. YouTubers to kind of catch up with me um. So this is this has become such an important part of my clinical evaluation process realize that it's really high. But out of my control okay.

Well that's a different question okay. As long as you noticed that your desire to do it actually went up that's the point of this protocol. So let me let me screen share it for you. So you guys can take a screenshot of it because.

I want you to have it for those of you on. YouTube we're going to do this and what. I'm going to do is. I'm going to erase all the all the drawing here and see if.

I can make this small enough to fit in the screen. I'll tell you what. I'll do also if anybody is interested for anybody who grabs one of their webinar packages. I'll create a little.

PDF of all these techniques for you. So you have them um on tap that you can just you can just reference all of our notes and everything we've talked about. I'm trying to just consolidate this for you guys. Anyway okay.

Can you guys uh all screenshot that. I'm not sure. So this is the the resistance removal protocol this is one of the most powerful things. I've ever.

I've ever come across every now and. Then as. I as. I travel through the world.

I come across these these solid gold nuggets of of uh. Radioactive persuasion gold all right. So let me see where we're at in terms of. Andrew says got it okay.

If you can't get yourself to do it that's different okay. Not wanting to do something is different than that and. Then than not being able to get yourself to do it. So.

Lori the way you would deal with that is you. Magic. Frame the reason for not doing okay. That's a safety issue that's a very different that's a very different protocol.

But it's also available for free on the. YouTube channel right. So again remember when we're talking about resistance removal we're talking about resistance removal we're talking about volition we're talking about a. CH what the hell am.

I muted okay. That was just yeah we're having web. Jets getting all kinds of buggy today. Anyway um when we're talking about resistance what we're talk we're not talking about um we're not talking about an inability to move forward we're talking about an unwillingness to move forward okay.

Now they're very very similar in how they appear. But one is a choice the other is usually trauma related or a limiting belief related okay. So they can they can interact and intertwine with each other. But they're very different when people are actively choosing not to do something that's where you rip out the resistance from a protocol if they encounter internal resistance to doing it in other words they have a parts conflict there's a part of them that wants to do it there's a part of them that's holding them back now you have to whip out some other techniques because that's not a resistance issue or that's not a uh it's not a volition issue if that makes any kind of sense okay.

So um any questions on that away from my. YouTubers to catch up. I think what we're going to do um maybe. Later on in the week or maybe even on a.

Saturday for those of you who encountered the. Second half of this webinar maybe we'll do it on core presentation of this webinar it's just a. YouTube live or something like that and and uh. So everybody can can do the training as well.

I have a. I have a mastermind this. Saturday. So probably.

Later in the evening and it probably won't probably won't go as long as we are tonight. But it will pick up kind of where part uh part two of our webinar left off. So we have a much more stable platform would that be something you guys would be interested in doing okay. Um the pricing will probably be back to regular though.

So you might want to grab your your package now because. I screwed that up all right. So all you gotta do to get yours is go to www.killerinfluence.com forward slash. Geo hold on a.

Second uh yes. Um there will be a replay of this. SG. But.

I think what. I will also do because. I don't like. I don't like putting out crappy content um.

I think what. I'm gonna do is on. Saturday after my. Mastermind.

I'll. I'll pop on for an hour or two and we'll go back over this material. So that um people can uh can get a little bit clearer training without me be bopping back and forth between all the different windows and stuff like that okay. If you have questions.

Frank. Richard says you've helped me change my life. Dr. David yes.

Please my pleasure that's what. I'm here for right. You know. I.

I gotta tell you that if if. I were to tell you all the things that this material just the stuff. I've taught you in the webinar today maybe before the before part two if. I told you all the things that this has done for me it would sound like.

I'm bragging or just making up. But. I. I lit this thing literally changed my life at ridiculous amount over and over again you know one of the things.

I. I one of the stories. I rarely tell people is uh you know when. I.

I didn't start college till. I was uh 33 years old because. I didn't think. I was smart enough.

But. I was highly trained in this material and within uh two semesters. I was on a full ride scholarship. I had a 4.0.

GPA uh. I was the editor of the cowboy. Chronicle newspaper. I was a vice president of leadership for.

Phi. Theta. Capital. Within another semester.

I was the regional vice president of. Phi. Theta. Kappa.

I was the uh elected to the. Oklahoma. Allstate academic team all because. English professors are suckers for hypnotic language those are things.

I never talk about really on a webinar because it's it's. I honestly never think of them and. I don't know that most people would relate to it. But the point is is that in a society governed by the rule of law in a place where the ability to get people to willingly and voluntarily do what you want them to do for their own very reasons this is the most.

Recession. Proof of skill you can have okay. You got to combine it with a. Relentless spirit and playful curiosity.

But that's part of the training. But these skills allow you to walk up to anyone you want in any situation in any circumstance figure out exactly what they want link it to what you want them to do and have them salivating to do it for you. But not for you specifically for themselves it is the ultimate win-win training and. I want you to.

I want to leave you with this thought remember. I talked about the echo technique at the beginning of the training. I said that this this is the way it forces a human being's nervous system to pay complete attention to you okay. It is a complete match for every filter they have it triggers validation.

Comfort connection. Trust and attention it is the most neurologically desirable way for one human being to communicate with another human being. So. I'll leave you with this thought if you knew the most powerful desirable validating personally gratifying method to communicate with any human being if you knew beyond a shadow of a doubt how to make any person you interact with feel special heard understood and have a desire to make you happy and you didn't use it who's the jerk now because that's what.

Echo technique does for you and all the derivatives of the echo technique all the variations. I've hinted at or talked about start there and as you layer these other things on they become exponentially more powerful. So you can take the pieces that. I've given you tonight you don't got to believe it just go do it just give people back their very own words if you want the full training if you want everything in the most user-friendly way.

I know how to give it to you. I encourage you to to go to www.killerinfluence.com click these links and get to that live training and let me show you how to see the. Matrix let me show you how to move through the world making everyone you meet feel ridiculously good for no. Other reason than you can and.

Then they'll just start giving you stuff right. But you don't got to believe it you just got to do it everything we're offering you today comes with a 60 day 100 satisfaction guarantee if you're having any sticking points in those 60 days pick up the phone give us a call we'll help come into the live masterminds come into the virtual masterminds tell us what your sticking points are give us the opportunity to personally coach you on this material and if after 60 days it's not paying the dividends we're hinting at we'll refund your money you can even keep the course right. Now don't be a douche and you know wait 59 days and you get a refund because you can't right. That's not what this is about it's about value it's about leveling up in your life.

So once again www.killerinfluence.com forward slash. Geo remember you're going to get the secrets of human influence home study course the 2497 value you're going to get uh neurological storytelling secrets 1997 value we're going to give that to you absolutely free you're going to get the. Renegade reframing home study course uh 14 ways to change any belief in seconds whether on yourself or on other people overcome any objection when any argument. So 1997. right.

Even comes with a card game that you can play right. We're going to give it to you free you're gonna get uh hypnotic presentation skills. Charisma conversion for presenters and public speakers how to use all the things that we're teaching you from the stage on large groups of people to train them better to get them to take action to level up their lives it's a 1997 value we're going to give it to you free for those of you who grab your course before. I log off the webinar tonight remember all this expires at 11 59.

PM. March 15 2023. But the fast actions go away when. I click the end button okay.

You're getting a three month trial membership to the. NLP power. Mastermind mentioning group access to the 11 years of archive video footage value at one thousand five hundred ninety seven dollars you're going to get uh the uh stealth stealth instant conversation hypnosis crash course with everything you need to start hypnotizing people tomorrow if you download it tonight you watch it tonight you could be hypnotizing people in a couple hours. But most times it's overnight to 997 value we're going to give it to you absolutely free and.

Finally to make sure that you've got everything that you need to take your skills to the. Next level we're going to give you that free. VIP super ticket to the killer influence instant conversation or a conversation secrets of cover hypnosis boot camp. Jan uh.

June 20th 20th through the 24th live in. San. Diego. California it's a 2 250 value we're going to give it to you free it does not expire if you can't make the.

June training we'll move you to the. Next training you can gift it you can hold on to it it's yours to keep. But. I recommend that you grab it and you use it and you get your butt to that training and you get yourself for five complete days with me rolling up your sleeves doing the drills getting the skills go to www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go and now would be a good time to go www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go if you have questions call.

Stephanie at 858-282-4663 or. Stephanie at nlppower.com that's 858-282-4663-858-282-4663 or. Stephanie nlppower.com if you call please please please please please please leave your contact information if you leave your contact information and we we don't get back to you till tomorrow you will qualify for the bonuses if you call back tomorrow you will not qualify for the bonuses okay. So do yourself a favor if you have a question again don't trauma dump on.

Stephanie she's she's handling a stampede of clients right. Now if you have questions about the course if you have if you have bought from us in the past and you see a course in the package that you already have. But you'd like to take advantage of this offer let us know what courses you already have and we will find a course for you that's of an equal or lesser value and you can just swap it out okay. We try to get you the biggest bang for your buck you get it all for one low installment of just 9.97 that's an extra 500 less than we would normally uh be asking for this or if you need to you can break that up into three easy installments of just 3.97. all you got to do to get yours is go to www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go this is.

Dr. David. Snyder. I want to thank you all for uh bearing with me for dealing with our.

Myriad technical snafus look. For us this. Saturday. I'm not sure exactly what time we'll be doing that uh and it'll be a short a short little uh online class um.

But the the course will be back to 1497 for the webinar package. So if you want to get that save that extra 500 when would now be a good time to go ahead and uh click that link right. Now and if you were to want to do that for your own reasons why might you want to do that right. Anyway this is.

Dr. David. Snyder good night. God bless have a great night.
