Title: wVddQCATGPs.txt
Video Id: wVddQCATGPs
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wVddQCATGPs

Different phenomena if you if your client. F obeys instructions your job as a hypnotist ladies and gentlemen whether you're ever going to do this in the bedroom or not your job is compliance not belief it doesn't matter what your client believes it matters what you believe what matters is does the client do what you say when you say to do it because if you take that to its ultimate conclusion regardless of what your client believes going in if you tell them to believe something and they comply what must happen. So you know whatever whatever baggage or not baggage you you attribute to that word obedience and compliance get rid of it no. None of none of the good you do in the world happens until the client does what you say nothing good in the bedroom happens until the subject does what you say get over it does that make sense okay.

Very cool what time do you want to go to lunch it is quarter or 10 minutes till 12 ah you chunk down we'll fix that have a good time with this was it fun yeah it's going to get better okay. We build the foundation we just keep going. So. First question you didn't answer when do you want to go to lunch you want to go you want go now huh whenever it's ready whenever it's ready say that again what we're not catering.

So we're not catering. So yeah the. Second question of course is how long a lunch do you want it's your training guys. I mean.

I'll. I'll. I'll fill you guys as full of stuff as. I can 45 minutes this is an enthusiastic group.

I like that 45 minutes all right. T we'll do a since they kept since they squeezed me into a 50 minute session you want an hour actually if some of you want to go get food come back and practice while you eat that that's a whole new connection to the word playing with your food. But. Anyway all right.

Let's let's technically take an hour if you guys want to come back and start earlier get more reps in that's fine okay. So we're going to go real quick we got 10 minutes till 12 where are you going you feel the need to release something yeah. I do okay. Hypnotic gun oh [ __ ] [ __ ] you know what's happening don't you oh no.

Yes. Oh no. Ien look. Into my eye oh.

I hate you. But. I love you now double it and double it again feel how good it just rushes through every level of your mind and body each time you climax it happens again stronger than the time before and every time it does you become a better. Hy you become a better dominat you become the best of everything you truly want and aspire to be in an endless un limited.

Supply and you know you've got it now lunch 1 hour.
