Title: wyaHiF0V5wQ.txt
Video Id: wyaHiF0V5wQ
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wyaHiF0V5wQ

Thank you good afternoon my friends i am your host victoria gallagher for those of you who did not know um victoria had something come up and had to stay in her room. So she asked me to fill in. So a couple of things we need to show some serious love for miss victoria. So there's a couple of things i want to share with you she wanted me to talk about her practical law of attraction 18th month planner and she has a gift for each of you if you scan this qr code i think it'll be on the powerpoint as well you'll get a free ebook.

So if you like what i'm going to share with you today is what victoria was going to share with you today filtered through my uniquely distorted worldview and before we launch into it i want to give you a little primer i've been teaching and doing energetics hermetics law of attraction stuff longer than i haven't i started when i was a kid i just didn't know what i didn't know at the time and i went through a lot of stuff and turns out i was really good at manifesting and that was the problem i was really good at manifesting now through life experience i managed to turn pufu into special special human influence techniques that's our special i'm a student of influence of all kinds if it involves getting something to happen i'm in that's your job too you're just a little bit more focused. So what we're going to talk about today is the law of attraction use and and how we can use nlp to make it work better. But before we get into the technique which is actually quite simple there's only three here's my here's what i like to do i'd like to give you some foundations now obviously there's a lot of people here and victoria had wanted me to do let you guys practice that i don't know if that's going to happen without people jumping all over each other. But we'll see what happens.

So we're going to talk about interrupting your patterns we're going to talk about anchoring we're going to talk about uh there's one other thing in here that i'm going to teach you. But before we do i want to talk about what underlies it all you know we talk about the law of attraction and people tell you yes. Somebody what the law of attraction is they say well it's it's pulling things into reality in harmony with your dominant thoughts and people say oh okay. And that's the problem you see nobody actually clarifies what are your dominant thoughts you see we think consciously that dominant thoughts are the ones we're always aware of you hypnotists know that is not the case right.

So the question becomes if the thoughts we're aware of are not our dominant thoughts how do we become aware of what our dominant thoughts actually are the primary way that the universe set up to do that is through provocation as we're moving through the world we have an issue below the surface below the remote viewers called the lemon it's a little firewall between the conscious and the subconscious mind and it's kind of down there on a little auto like a repeating loop and it's just kind of doing its own thing until we encounter something in the external environment related to that issue and. Then all of a sudden godzilla rears its ugly head now part of this part and that's not really your fault it's actually something about the unconscious mind we all hypnotists know about and that is your unconscious one of the jobs of your unconscious mind is to hold that down there kind of like the quarantine file on your antivirus kind of just hold there until we're ready to go back inside and clean that up. But nobody taught us that right. Because i'm sure you've all never had this experience driving down the road beautiful sunny day not in las vegas with flash flooding right.

You know not a cloud in the sky got the sun in your eye you wouldn't be surprised if it's a dream if you know that song you're my level. Anyway silly songs playing you're just cruising thinking what a great day and all of a sudden a shitty memory from when you were seven just bubbles up to the surface you hate that by the way if politically incorrect language colorful metaphors swearing or the word boobies offends you yeah good. So what do we do when that happens do we rush off to pull to the side of the road the nearest parking lot turn the car off put it in park and go diving for direct for garbage no. We stuff it down we distract ourselves we do every single thing we can to avoid the issue which only adds more energy to the problem.

So the. First technique that victoria set up for you guys was called how to use nlp for pattern interrupts. So pardon me this halls is going down the wrong pipe um you ever notice that when you're doing affirmations you start saying it out loud and maybe you're starting to build a little bit of a positive feeling. But in the background there's this little naggy icky of a feeling that because you were taught to focus on your dominant thoughts and you think that's the one that you're conscious of you try to ignore anybody ever do that if you can't you're about to the little icky naggy feeling is your dominant thought and it you only know it's there when it's provoked it's below the threshold like the titanic the bird that sucked the titanic.

So a lot of times when we do affirmations we'll get that happy feeling that's kind of in the front. But in the back like a whim or a notion in the back of your mind there's that little icky naggy annoying feeling and and the natural question is well david if it's if it's in the background and it's icky and it's naggy. But it's not as obvious as the good feeling how can that be my dominant thought if it's. So weak you feel it that way not because it's weak you feel it that way because it's deep deep inside in the autonomic level in the fascia okay.

I want to share with you if you learn nothing besides the stuff victoria has for you today and this little nugget from planet david you will dramatically lower most resistance to your stuff not only that your success rate will go up significantly we call this the six dynamics of an unconscious response you see most of us have this thing we do called a pre-talk where we go through all the reasons why people might not believe in hypnosis how it's safe all that stuff interestingly as well intentioned as we may be many times that stuff can actually prime our clients to be resistant it's much more useful to define and describe for the client what they're likely to encounter as a byproduct of going through the process. So i always give them these six dynamics before i do any work with them because they're going to encounter them and when they encounter them because you said it. First it was in my storytelling workshop where people were asking how to protect themselves against evil naysayers and stuff and i said talk about it. First right.

It comes out of your mouth they can't use it against you the human nervous system is always trying to create a narrative and if they're coming in because they're not in the best state that's negative is almost always or that narrative is almost always negative. So get ahead of it. First thing unconscious mind always answers. First you should write this down if you haven't before unconscious mind always answers.

First it always answers honestly that's pretty easy we all know that this is the one that comes back to haunt you the. Next two it always feels like you're making it up how many times the client said i think i just made that up always feels like you're making it up why because the party that controls all that down there is the same part that makes up natural they would have the same characteristics. But you see this thing we do this thing with our conscious mind called projection we assume that the way our conscious mind communicates is the same way our unconscious mind communicates it's not we all know this you've just ever done idiomotors you know that. But there's a whole lot more unconscious mind always answers.

First it always answers honestly it always feels like you're making it up. Next big one you always have an urge to edit what just came up whether you're working on yourself or somebody else you always have an urge to edit what came up the proverbial oh that can't be right. That's not it yeah did it come up. First that's it doesn't matter how logical it okay.

We're not dealing with logic remember irrational problems require irrational solutions okay. So always answers. First always answers honestly always feels like you're making it up you always have an urge to edit what just came up it's never loud never loud it's always quiet or soft or deep like a whim or a notion in the back of your mind and. Finally for you regressionists out there it's almost never linear which feeds into i can't be right.

Because your your clients coming in thinking my breakup my divorce the death happened in my thirties why am i four years old in the living room watching my parents argue over money that can't be right. Yeah it is it's not linear right. Always answers. First always answers honestly always feels like you're making it up always have an urge to edit what just came up never loud never linear is this helpful when you're doing law of attraction work self-hypnosis work if you stick to those parameters you will develop a significant level of trust and and ability to act in the information you receive all for all approaches to law of attraction require altered states of consciousness period whether it's direct or indirect it's altered states of consciousness okay.

Okay. Everything okay. Oh we're just moving in front okay. So i want you to we're going to the.

First exercise. So victoria wanted to share with you a process for detaching or disconnecting that shitty feeling from the good feeling okay. And it works on an nlp process known as a pattern interrupt everything human beings do has a structure to it if you're looking at senses you're looking at visual auditory kinesthetic olfactory we don't really need to do that right. Now what we want to know is when we start to give ourselves an affirmation and if we have time i want to take you as far down victoria's rabbit hole as humanly possible point you in the in the direction of where to go for more if you want to learn more and we have time i'm happy to share some of my weird stuff with you um.

So i want you to write something that you want to manifest if you have no. Idea what you want to manifest you could be as simple as kui's every day and every way i'm getting better and better and better i don't care what it is right. But what we're going to do is we're going to begin to detach the product the provoking stimuli from the negative feeling. So we can manifest what we want instead of what we don't want i saw a hand back here is there a can we get a mic it doesn't matter yeah like in the example that victoria sent me the guy he um she was working with he wanted to manifest a new house or something right.

I don't care what it is if we have time towards the end of class i'll show you a way to use what i call neurologically enhanced affirmations we call them informations in our world and if you can achieve in like three to five of those repetitions what would take you 400 to do right. You don't have to believe me you're going to feel it. So right. Whatever that thing is that you want let me go back to my uh my onenote really quick.

So we can do this for you has this been helpful. So far i know they only gave me an hour. So i'm going as fast as humanly possible all right. Okay.

So the. First thing is what do you want and i want you to imagine it. So let's do a let's do a closed eye process together once you know what you want this is from planet david i want you to take a deep breath in and let that breath out with a sigh ah deeper and deeper with every breath you take and every beat of your heart i just want you to relax let go listen to the sound of my voice any sounds you hear other than the sounds of my voice or simply the sounds of our natural environment they're not going to disturb you they're not going to distract you in any way in fact all they're going to do is signal you remind you reinforce inside your mind body and soul the fact that you're completely safe that no. Matter how far inside you travel no.

Matter how deep inside you go you will always always always be able to hear my words follow my instructions obey my commands because you realize that everything i say and everything i do is for you to give you the life and the lifestyle that you want the way that you want it by your standards and your definitions now in a moment i ask you to focus all of your attention on the lids of your eyes. I want you to just relax those tiny muscles in your eyes. And just keep relaxing them until they're. So relaxed and they just don't want to work anymore and when you're satisfied when you're convinced they're.

So relaxed they just don't want to work anymore give them a quick test. Then stop testing spread that level of relaxation from the top of your head all the way down down to the tips of your toes deeper and deeper with every breath you take and every beat of your heart you can just let go you guys are doing fantastic i knew you would you're all world class hypnotist and if you're not you will be soon now before we began our process i asked you to think of something that you really really really wanted i mean on a scale of 0 to 10 it was a 27. going to ask you to do something i'm wondering i'm curious what it might be like to actually have it i mean think about it for a moment what might you see when you have it what might you hear what might you smell what might you taste because when you do that when you see what you see you hear what you hear and you smell and you taste what you smell in your taste there is an amazing wonderful feeling that you get a feeling that lets you know you got this this is yours and i'd like you to become aware of something i'd like you to notice something that there's a place in your body where those amazing feelings start where they grow where they spread from take a moment and point to where you feel it as you point to where you feel i'd like you to just go gaze inward with your inner eyes. And notice that there's a color maybe even a series of colors connected to those amazing feelings i'm curious what color or colors that might be for you. First impression whatever color or colors it is i'd like you to take a moment imagine a brilliant ball of that energy floating above your head i'd like you to notice how the feelings in your body shift and changes with every breath you take and every beat of your heart that ball of energy begins to grow begins to expand begins to fill the entire room from floor to ceiling from wall to wall and all points in between notice how it wraps itself around you like an amazing blanket of transformation revelation compensation a cocoon a shield a suit of armor insulating you protecting you from all lack of abundance real or imagined while at the same time flooding your mind flooding your body flooding your spirit with everything it most wants everything it most needs in an infinite ever expanding and unlimited supply and when you know you've got that breed those amazing colors through your entire being let it fill you up like water fills up a bottle like fluid fills up a test tube like hot air helium fills up a balloon anchor it in.

So fully. So completely no. Force in the universe can turn it off or take it away not even you and when you realize it's true test it try to turn it off try to take it away and notice what happens instead that's right. When you're happy stop testing allow your eyes.

To open and notice how different the world looks from this place there are some happy campers in this room i think right. That's as fast now we did a lot of stuff in a tiny little piece of time and it actually incorporated a piece one of the. Last things that victoria wanted to teach i taught it. First well it was called the eavesdropping technique right.

Where you imagine yourself in the future listening what people say about your success in a positive way we built it into our. First process which is how to find the shitty thoughts right. Now i know for most of you that was like bliss city right. That was awesome.

But for how many of you did you notice a little icky feeling in the background okay. Now close your eyes. Remember where that icky feeling was and point to it okay. Very good now the prod the the that david.

Anyway. So i want you to take what you wrote down and i want you to say the affirmation that we gave i want you to say it out loud and notice if the same icky feeling comes up or is it a different one just just read it right. Off how you wrote it how'd it feel when you said it hot is that a good thing does it make you feel good by the way you will by the way over 50 of the time this process will not my process that i gave will make people break out in a sweat when you do this with people they'll be sweating bullets half the time okay. The other half of the time well not all the other you'll also notice that 50 of the time the color that they use to manifest is the one they're wearing the one that they're wearing 50 about 50 of the time your color is red yep i always let people discover i i just wait till you have the experience.

But what we want to do now is we want to do it what we call a classic nlp style pattern interrupt. So the way this works is now that you know what your good feeling is like right. You can go back to it anytime you want anytime you want to supercharge yourself with that vibrational frequency all you got to do is remember the color fill the room with it wrap it around you breathe it through your whole body your neurology will tune to that frequency instantly within seconds and when we're talking about law of attraction that's actually what we need to know it's all about vibration you know we talk about like attracts like vibrate like vibrations attract like vibrations in the spiritual universe okay. How many people have always heard have ever heard me say if you want to be successful you got to be playful all right.

If you want to be successful you got to be playful joyful right. What's a higher vibration seriousness or joy seriousness or playfulness relentless determination or playful curiosity why it's pleasant. So here's the deal if you're like many people and i won't point fingers because over you know half them half the people are honest the other half lie i often ask people how many of you who know about affirmations wait until you're in a shitty mood to start doing the affirmations and use it to change your state all those nervous laughters right. Well to use a very graphic metaphor if you're in a crappy state and you start doing affirmations you're basically taking your best intention taking a steaming big pile of poo i'm going to recommend you don't do that or avoid doing that.

First thing you want to do is change your state how do you change your state you get your body involved right. You all see me do the power poses we're not going to do that because again i'm almost halfway through this class. But what we're going to do is we're going to we're going to break apart the thing we want to manifest and the thing that is provoking that icky feeling. So what we're going to do is we're going to look.

At what we wrote we wanted i want you to run the movie in your head a few times and i want you to distill the two three four sentences that you wrote down to one phrase or one sentence that you could just blurt out in a. Second like a little sound bite right. So if i want to if i'm going to manifest i want a six bedroom house with seven bedrooms a huge backyard in orlando florida rent tax-free for life i'm not going to jump up and say blah blah blah blah i'm going to jump up and say free house is optional. But.

Anyway. But free house just take take the energy of what you really want distill it down to a very simple clear emotionally charged phrase can we do that take two minutes write that down if you haven't done it already for this part of the drop for this the. Next part of the drill we may need to spread you out a little bit. So you don't jump on each other okay.

Theresa can you read yours for me oh he's checking you didn't do it did you me oh okay. Getting the lizard involved how about you cali all right. Fine okay. I think we all went a little south of the border here sorry okay.

Half a million a year perfect how about i now have half a million a year how does that feel versus how i want to manifest when you say i now have half a million dollars a year or i now earn half a million dollars a year i boom there we just found our ickiness right. Okay. So once you become pardon me once you become aware of your ickiness right. You say your affirmation out to yourself or out loud the minute you become aware of the icky feeling in the background you jump up out of your chair and you ask the question of the universe what am i manifesting get your body engaged exclaim what am i manifesting and.

Then once you've disrupted that negative feeling you declare to the universe i am manifesting boom simple easy does anybody not have the prerequisites okay. So you guys ready. So you might want to give yourself i don't know if you get i don't i'm a little nervous because this is a sardine can right. This is why i started doing stuff with you sitting down.

But um we'll do it both ways we'll do it standing up we'll do it sitting down the reason i i like the version that victoria teaches where you're standing up is because any time you get your body involved in the change work it doesn't matter what your conscious mind wants it's a little secret the only variable when you get the body acting out the change work is time cert you can believe me or not this is how it works right. If you can get up and go basically you read it you feel the iggy go what am i manifesting i'm manifesting a million dollars a year in the bank tax-free for the rest of my life yeah you like that one didn't you can we do that all right. You could all do it hey that's my goal all right. Yeah our people our people and planet david tend to miss manifest patently impossible on a regular basis right.

If you get a chance you can visit my youtube channel there's a little video there called funny law of attraction stories it was actually i actually taught it in a vibrational influence class two years ago um here in hypno. Thoughts as a post conference and i'm telling about all these things that we manifest they were patently impossible including the doctor in front of my name i'll just leave that loop open for now all right. Look. At your page when you're ready i want you to read it out loud with as much gusto and belief and certainty as humanly possible i wow wow [Laughter] do you guys have client problem with resistant clients by any chance let's try it again shall we i now manifest all right.

The minute picky feeling comes up jump up what am i manifesting now tell the world what you really want [Applause] well that didn't suck well done how do you feel huh yeah right. Now here's the secret whenever you're doing anything involving the autonomic nervous system one-time learnings can happen. But nlp many many years ago discovered a phenomenon it named a convincer strategy a convincer strategy has two parts the sequence of visual auditory kinesthetical factor in gustatory brain heaven's regions that get activated and in what order we're not going to worry about that and a certain number of repetitions that they have it has to cycle through before that change locks in now in nlp they have this long drawn out 20-minute process to figure out someone's convince your strategy. But we're hypnotists we just say keep doing it you can't go back keep doing it until you can't go back to the way it was when you know it's done test it try to go back and notice what happens instead you should write those words down because they will change everything what would victoria say no.

Um keep doing it over and over and over again until it's impossible for it to go back the way it was when you know you've got it test it try to go back to the old feeling try to go back to the way things used to be and notice what happens instead your life will change don't believe me test it. Then come back and i'll answer i'll tell you why all right. So what you're going to do now is exactly the same process we just did. But now you're going to do it five or six times in a row.

So once again i'm going to read i'm going to notice that icky feeling is still there if it isn't you're done you're a one and doner cool right. But if there's any left jump up what am i manifesting jump up read your affirmation out loud to the universe notice how different you feel keep doing it until that it's impossible to get that icky feeling back when you know you've done it test it try to bring it back and notice what happens instead i'm going to let you do this on your own. So we can move as quickly through the. Next few processes as possible cool this means yes.

This means no. There will be a test this means i know the answer this means i don't this means oh i hope he doesn't call me. Next all right. Let me hear you wow do i need to prompt you i now earn 1 million a year tax-free for the rest of my life what am i manifesting i am now earning 1 million i don't have a problem with this one come on get your meat moving get your meat gun this isn't meat come on that's what i'm talking about come on get your meat going yeah you can sit [Applause] awesome give yourselves a big round of applause.

So i'm curious on how many how many noticed that after a certain amount of time the the ickiness went away and didn't come back. Anyway okay. This is oh it's okay. If you didn't i'll show you another way to do it.

But it says don't call on me yeah right. Yeah and that's the point that's the problem exactly we're too serious that's the whole message i've been teaching at hypno. Thoughts and pretty much everywhere for the. Last 20 years we're too serious right.

We need to get playful we need to get joyful we need to get curious we need to get relentless why why that are victorious why they're all positive frequencies they're higher level frequencies they're you will attract far more into your life even if you're dealing with the most heinous trauma on the planet in the treatment room you will get better results faster if you are curious explorational and playful with your clients you will manifest faster and and more being playful and curious and explorational think of it like a video game you're awake inside of it right. Here's and again we're kind of transitioning into planet david now we all talk about vibration and we know that we understand vibration cognitively. But we don't really understand it functionally because we're always saying how do i change my vibration how do i do that and we're always looking outside of ourselves to do it right. Here's a very very simple way to understand vibration and frequency and your system we call it the holographic memory the holographic nervous system you don't end here we all kind of accept that at some level.

But there's a whole lot more going on again i don't have time to teach you every single thing for others if you want to come to chinese face reading and medical hypnotherapy i can elaborate a little bit more. But they only give me like an hour or two hours there too if you want to learn the full the full spectrum we have a four day post if you've got free time and you want to you want to step in i will teach you the whole system right. But this is good enough to start. So.

First of all the way you calibrate vibration in the human body is the body feeling you currently have the body feeling you currently have functionally everything comes down to the feelings in your body the feeling you're aware of at any given moment is a gestalt it's a um i guess all it's it's the sum total of all the different frequencies in your system different organs thought process it's your vibrational signature to the universe now one of the things you need to understand about it is nature has a sense of humor in that when she built the nervous system she gave negative a gravity of four and positive a gravity of one that's the neuroscience. So it's a suck ratio. But it's something we can work with i tested this ridiculously well because you know if you're when you're on youtube everybody loves you they never say bad things never call you a charlatan or a con artist or right. So i got this my hands on this statistic and i.

So i went to the youtube channel where all the comments are the ones held for moderation if you have a youtube channel and you're not moderating your comments when would now be a good time to start okay. You need to control the narrative people assign to you if you're not controlling it somebody else is happy to do it for you right. That's just a little free advice there. So what i did was i looked for a negative comment which wasn't that hard all right.

And i i calibrated the intensity of the feeling and. Then i started looking for positive comments and i started to count how many positive comments did i have to click on before i felt better four to four to six yep well remember i've been i've been i've been getting flamed for years right. So i've built up a little bit of a way of dealing with it i'll give it to you because none of you would ever really use it. But what i figured out was the worst thing you can ever do to a negative comment is respond to it period because all they're trying to do is steal your energy which we call attention don't waste your time on people who don't like your just because you breathe the same air right.

So here's what you do when you come across one of those icky comments you go to the delete button you mouse over it and as you click the delete button you imagine wherever they are in the world a little mushroom cloud rising up you click the delete and ban and you move on it's amazingly therapeutic don't believe me try it right. So the i started with the. First the. Last technique.

First which is the eavesdropping technique assuming that you've you've gotten what you want and you can move yourself into that place what might you see who what might people be saying to you right. Now one of the things that that came up with is it cali cali yeah um was the the verbiage that she used for her suggestion i kind of correct tweaked it a little bit there's most of you probably know this. But in case you don't two of the best ways to give yourself suggestion is present tense i now have or present progressive i am now becoming right. When we start doing things like i want that presupposes you don't have it right.

The late jerry kind the great jerry kind used to say what the mind expects to happen tends to be realized right. Well if you're saying i want a million dollars all these assumptions activate in the nervous system that's that has to create that effect you have to you're manifesting want. So i now have or i now earn if it's a if it's a weight loss goal i now weigh a slim trim 125 pounds or if you want program present progressive because every now and. Then present tense can come and backfire on you like if you're 180 pounds you say i now weigh 100 a slim trim 120 pounds you get on the scale and you see 180.7 your unconscious mind goes you liar right.

So don't get on the scale no. You got to measure it you got to be careful when you get too manic about scales. But my point by the way my specialty is not weight loss that's his. So a little bit.

So he's probably got way more better stuff on that i deal with all kinds of crappy like emotionally based trauma and stuff okay. So uh how many people have not taken a picture of victoria's qr let's pass it down take a picture with your phone please for those of you who would like somebody who can walk you through how to apply practical law of attraction techniques victoria has made this amazingly cool practical law of attraction 18-month weekly monthly weekly manifesting planner. So i would recommend you go see her booth and talk to danielle and what was the other lady who ann ann anna and they will help take care of you um i have it i don't have the planner i have her book. She made me buy it which shows you how good she is getting money out of me is well actually it is quite easy.

But. Anyway i'm a blowdown. Anyway i'm going to share with you one more technique and it's the middle technique that victoria wanted to share with you i'd like to share with you an lp technique called circles of excellence. But i'd like to put a little spin on it if i might okay.

So here's what i'd like you to do guys remember that. First exercise we did where we went into trans we imagined the feeling that we wanted to have made a color with it okay. I want everybody to stand up i want you to close your eyes. And i want you to remember that color as you remember that color notice a massive sphere of that energy floating above your head notice how the feelings in your body shift and change as with every breath you take and every beat of your heart that ball of energy begins to grow begins to expand begins to fill the entire room from floor to ceiling from wall to wall and all points in between notice how it wraps itself around you like an amazing blanket of transformation manifestation a cocoon a shield a suit of armor insulating you protecting you from all loss of abundance all lacks real or imagined while at the same time flooding your mind flooding your body flooding your spirit in an infinite ever-expanding supply and when you know you've got that breathe those amazing energies through your entire being let it fill you up like water fills up a bottle like fluid fills up a test tube like hot air helium fills up a balloon anchor it in.

So fully. So completely no. Force in the universe can turn it off or take it away not even you beautiful now as that energy flows through your mind flows through your mind any part of your mind body your soul any program any belief any memory any experience that is not in harmony with this new set of instructions your neurology is going to begin to shed it's going to begin to purge like a snake shedding its skin like old software being uninstalled by newer better more powerful software there's no. Need to measure it manage it or make it happen faster just notice the process taking place allow it to install itself completely when you know it's done test it try to bring the loser feeling back try to turn the winner feeling off notice what happens instead and when you're ready i want you to notice how that feeling stays inside of you now any area that's vibrating at a less than positive frequency to this new change begins to melt and dissolve like old soft or like a hot water flowing over an ice cube take all the time you need to let those things melt out of your mind out of your body out of your spirit when you know you've got it and it's locked in you just nod your head to let me know and we'll continue with the.

Next part of our process perfect the moment it's locked in every cell of your body generating more and more and more of those amazing feelings in an infinite ever expanding and unlimited supply i want you to notice how that energy now moves out directly in front of you forming a beautiful colored pillar a circular colored pillar floating higher and higher now if your computer is square that's fine too and as it floats to the front of you it doubles in size and strength doubles in force and magnitude you can actually smell the energy coming off you can feel the vibration radiating radiating radiating from it twice the size of it what it was originally and when you're ready breathe in that energies through your entire being let it flow from the outside to your lungs from your lungs to your heart from your heart throughout your bloodstream every place that blood goes those feelings go into every nerve and every cell and every atom into the very dna of those cells reprogramming transforming turning each and every cell of your body into a powerful manifestation factory and when you're ready in whatever way is comfortable for you take a step inside that pillar as you step inside that zoom up through your body rockets that energy all of those powers all of those forces all the qualities and attributes and belief systems necessary to become the person who deserves to have it flies through your mind flies through your body anchoring itself fully and completely and not only that because the pillar was twice the size of what it was originally you can feel your own body begin to expand to fill the entire pillar twice as high twice as wide twice as powerful as it was take all the time you need breathe it in let it lock itself in when you know you've got it step out the moment you step out of the pillar the pillar doubles in size and strength again it doubles in force and magnitude and you can feel the intensity the unstoppable amplitude and vibrations flooding and coursing through your mind and body when you're ready to own it to personify it to embody it completely breathe it in and step back into that pillar the moment you step back and zoom you grow to fill that entire pillar twice as large twice as powerful twice as unstoppable all those good feelings flooding and flowing like all your tingly parts tingle that's right. Take all the time you need to let those energies those messages those reprogramming processes lock into place when you know you've got it test it try to turn it off try to make it go away notice what happens instead when you know you got it step back out the moment you do that pillar doubles in size and strength force and magnitude a. Third time three times more powerful three times bigger three times as unstoppable transforming reprogramming magnetizing your mind body and soul to the things you truly want the way you want them about your standards and your definitions and for as long as your heart continues to beat for as long as your lungs continue to breathe this pillar will go with you anytime you want to anytime you need to all you have to remember is that little ball of energy that was inside of you moving out going to the ground becoming a massive pillar you can step into it and zoom all that energy comes flooding back instantly effortlessly automatically if you're in a place where you can't do the full pillar all you gotta do is remember that color imagine a sphere of it above your head fill the room with it wrap it around you breathe it through your entire being and notice what happens now all i want you to do since we're hypnotists and we know the power of compounding all i want you to do is step in step out step in step out each time noticing how much stronger it gets until anytime you want to all you got to do is think about it and poof there it is maybe you make up a keyword like shazam or baloney sandwich or something right. Take all the time you need when you know you got it test it try to turn it off try to take it away try to imagine some other trying to take it away and notice what happens instead you got it baby all right.

When you're satisfied it's locked in allow your eyes. To open notice how different the world looks you are thank you have a seat all right. So um again let's joe victoria some love all right. Uh for those of you who didn't get the qr code it's right.

Around here somewhere here we go all right. Well. So oh we gotta do the drawing don't we oh i guess we're gonna have to find out how well your law of attraction works don't we yeah you can do that i'm good they're they're still passing the other one. But if yeah i was going to make that bigger.

But i don't know if you can see it from yeah i don't know why my whenever i do energy work all my electronics go to i killed i killed richard rumble's wife's car from across las vegas. Last year hold on come on come on see victoria will not be put down she's unstoppable oh there it is there we go there you go sorry. So we got the books all right. He spent.

So much time making these nice and orderly i wonder what this might be tom nicoley um go give this thanks go give this to stephanie when your channel should get you in our database i'm doing the drawing did you come late did you hear when i said we're gonna do a drawing what do you think guys take your name phone number and email address hurry up you have one book. Left hurry hurry i told people who were here that i was gonna do i was gonna give away three mondo supremo i wanted all packages all you had to do was turn in your name phone number and email and i would draw them at the end of the training you had to be present to win okay. Uh i got a i got to get more metallic yes. Sir yeah well actually you don't want you don't worry about it that's that's actually it's taken from my offer sheet which is done at the end of an event.

So you don't have to worry about it you you've got it till you use it or if you want to gift it to somebody you're more than welcome i won't be offended yeah go ahead all right. Anybody else all right. Last call yeah i know see i'm too compassionate i need to be more of a maybe if you're really nice to him i've had people do that i've had people like win like a couple of mondos and they just walk around handing them to people say hey you need this more than i do here really come on bring it up all right. This is the.

Last call seriously though i mean it's not fair it's not fair okay. And it's the same package they were raffling off in the vendors areas in case you were wondering at fourth when is my. Next one chinese may face reading and chinese medical hypnotherapy what what time is it we'll be doing three more raffles. So if you didn't win today show up okay.

Tell lots of people be doing cool face reading stuff and how to do therapy with it okay. You must be present to win folks if i draw your name okay. Shaleen see morgan702 gmail.com too late susan bratton [Applause] [Music] hey all right. Those of you who won see me um i'll give these to you.

So here's the deal who who where was my other winner susan you guys are vibrationally connected apparently all right. So here's the deal please show victoria some love she trusted me enough with your tender minds did you have a good time doing some cool all right. Please support victoria go see your booth go see if there's a free ebook. If you had a great time tell everybody if you didn't say you were at somebody else's workshop we'll see you.

Later god bless.
