Title: Weapons of Social Seduction
File Name: x-ELXJSlL0Y.txt
Video Id: x-ELXJSlL0Y
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x-ELXJSlL0Y

Uh ladies and gentlemen start your engines hello hello hello welcome to weapons of social seduction i'm your happy-go-lucky host david snyder how y'all doing go ahead and type in the chat how you're doing okay. Excellent excellent. So um had some. Last minute adjustments that i need to make here.

So just give me um like one minute to figure out what's going on with my view there we go much better and. So i'll be sharing hosting privileges with my amazing administrative goddess stephanie i want to thank you all for coming out and uh you know braving the cyber ways at uh times like this. So a couple things we are um live streaming this to our fans on youtube as well. So you will see me looking off to the side every.

So often because i'm reading the things in the chat for those of you who are watching or joining us through youtube there i should let you know a couple of things administratively right. Off the bat there are there's about a one minute to a minute 30. Second delay something like that depending on internet lag between when i speak and when it shows up on your feed. However your chats are in real time.

So if you type a question in the chat and i answer it on the video you may think i've ignored the question or the question may be long gone that being said it's not uncommon for hundreds of people to jump on in the space of a few minutes [Music] when we do these when we do these uh webinars and stuff like that. So if i don't get to your question or i don't answer your question i love questions i always try to go back and answer every question i'm given whether it's in the zoom chat here or the the live stream chat here. But we do have a certain format and a certain set of content that we want to deliver and. So if i do not answer your question uh during the webinar and one of my other students i'm going to get to that in just a minute one of my other students does not answer your question during the webinar when this video gets posted on youtube if you go to the comments section beneath that video when you go to watch it if you type your con your question in there i always go back and reread all the questions that i get in all of our events and i do my best to answer them in real time um through the comments section.

So um if for some reason we miss you it's i'm not slating you i'm not i'm not being trying to be in a [ __ ] or anything like that it's just we've got a lot of people on and i love to share and i love to give that being said i i'm a big believer in interactive webinars um if you if you if this is your. First time with us um well actually let's just go ahead and start the uh start the administrative stuff real quick. So real quick by a show of i'm you know you typing in your chat how many of you are this is your. First time uh on a webinar with with dr david go ahead and type that and say.

First time your name and where you're checking in from go ahead and type that in the chat right. Now um the sound may be low for a number of reasons one of which being uh the internet uh hold on a. Second can you guys hear me now can you hear me okay. Good all right.

Uh i'm asking my zoomer did the the audio get any better because i don't know if it's if it's my um my microphone or if it's sounds good. But you sound good before okay. So it may be just an internet thing especially for our youtubers at home audio is fine okay. Cool.

First and foremost if this is your. First time um welcome welcome to the madness in the mayhem that is david [Music] i'm going to present to you as much information as humanly possible now since we know who our new timers are if you're not a new timer if you're a veteran of planet david go ahead and type in the chat room veteran your name uh where you're coming in from and there's a reason for that see i rely on my students very very heavily when i tell you something or i promote something or i give you a piece of information you expect me to like support everything i say. However what's more important is the results that other people get in the real world and the best people to ask about the quality and the content of what we deliver are the people who've actually done the work who've been to the live events who've done the trainings who've done the drills and gotten the skills. So for those of you who are veterans of planet david i have a favor to ask and that is simply this if you see a question that you are uniquely qualified to answer through your personal experience with the materials and please answer that person's question um and share your experience right.

I will ask all of our content members whether you're on zoom or you're on our youtube live stream. So please keep your questions on comment we do have people monitoring the chats and um again i'm not throwing down the gauntlet. But we uh. Last time we had some people were uh kind of misbehaving and we played whack a troll where we just we just didn't we didn't even give you a.

First. Second or. Third strike we just bounced it right. Um not trying to be a dick.

But i am trying to protect um the reason you guys are here. So that being said let me just go through my disclaimers and. Then we'll get into what i lovingly call the david dog and pony show uh. First and foremost if you uh if you came in expecting a 90-minute webinar you're going to be disappointed because our webinars usually go much longer.

However most of you are trained to think in 90-minute blocks uh and if you're expecting you know david to fluff fluff for you know forty five hundred you know sixty minutes a hundred an hour and fifteen minutes and. Then slam you with an offer once again you're gonna be disappointed because um what we do is we try to deliver as much actionable content as humanly possible things that you can take out right. Away and put to and put to work there will be an offer uh given at this webinar. So about 60 minutes i'm gonna for the.

First 60 minutes or. So i'm going to deliver as much content as i can i'm going to give you as much useful actionable technique and theory for getting what you want in life as possible. Then i'm going to break off i'm going to do our offer i'm going to show you the package we put together for you and. Then when that's done and all your questions are satisfied about that i'm going to come back to the main webinar and we're going to continue to teach for another 60 90 minutes.

However long it is okay. Does that make sense is everybody cool with that if this is the scope of everything there is to teach we got time for this. So i will take you as far as i can in the time that we have and i promise you i will point you in the direction of where to go for more if that's what you feel compelled to do does that is that fair type in the chat if you think that's a fair trade okay. Excellent thank you i appreciate that now i have to warn you for especially for you.

First timers uh if politically incorrect language colorful metaphors swearing or the word boobies offends you this is probably not the best place for your. Next 90 minutes you're probably better off finding another person who is a little bit more sugar-coated in their approach to things i never my intention is never to offend people directly. But i do have a very provocative style of therapeutics that i use and it's by provocation that we learn where we need to explore. So things i say provoke you um those are or give you a very strong emotional response positively or negatively those are areas that need exploration on your part and we're happy to point you in the direction of tools that you can use or if you have tools that you use um you're welcome to do that.

Second of all or a. Third of all uh you don't have to believe a single [ __ ] thing i tell you it's not belief is not necessary for any of this to work for you they're mechanical processes if you do these processes in a playful explorational fun-loving energy and you follow the instructions you're going to be amazed very very quickly at the kind of results they produce that being said what you're going to learn tonight is extraordinarily powerful it's extraordinarily dangerous in the wrong hands and i have to trust that the people on our webinars that are frequenting planet david are of the good jedi variety that being said there are two sides to this technology there's the good jedi side and. Then there's the sith side the sith people want to take this technology and go out and just use it to mess people up to take what they want and leave nothing in return and. Then there's the good jedi the people who use these techniques to make their improve their own lives and to protect themselves from the misapplication of these techniques okay.

So whether you ever decide to use these techniques or not learn them. So you can become aware of when they're being used on or around you does that make sense if that makes sense go ahead and type that in the chat for me i'm going to put my cool glasses on because my lights are a little bright. All right. Excellent all right.

So um let's see here. So again i'm going to begin my formal presentation uh which includes my starts with my bio i lovingly call it the david dog and pony show we'll go through it as quickly as possible. But just enough. So that you guys feel comfortable uh doing you know doing the process and this is an active webinar uh if you came thinking that you're just gonna sit down take a few notes and put them in a drawer somewhere and never look.

At them again this is probably not the best place for you this is a webinar that requires you to actually do something to get something is that a fair trade that if in order to get the things you want you have to do some things is that is that sound like like common sense right. Okay. These are not these are the classes i wanted okay. All right.

So are we ready to start the david dog and pony show yes. Or yes. Okay. Here we go all right.

For your edification i lovingly begin weapons of social discus seduction the psychological master keys to having people hanging on your every word and how to never ever lose an argument fail a job interview or miss a sale ever again all without lying cheating or stealing i'm dr david snyder i'm going to be your host for the. Next 60 90 30 hour minutes whatever whatever it is that it's going to take to get you this information in the way that you want it. So. First and foremost who the hell is david snyder and why should i care for those of you who care i have i am an actual doctor in oriental medicine i graduated from pacific college of oriental medicine not too long ago i've been a practicing acupuncturist uh specializing in physiological illness that has has its roots repressed in motion uh since i opened my clinic here in solana beach california in 2005. uh three years ago i was named the number two nlp trainer of the year by globalgurus.org and this year for 2020 i was named the number one nlp trainer of the year for global by global gurus um i've authored over 15 different products actually way more than that now on various forms of human influence everything ranging from attraction and seduction techniques to advanced sales and marketing um conversational hypnosis covert hypnosis non-verbal persuasion and influence as well as many forms of therapeutic interventions we have five multiple five-day courses and i'm certified trainer in neuro-linguistic programming under the founder dr richard bandler.

So this is a copy of our uh nomination in our little bio that global gurus did for us and. Then a few days after i got this i got this in the mail this was interesting because i never saw this one coming this was also from globalgurus.org uh and it says with their david with great pleasure we to announce that your training program killer influence by the way killer influence is where the material that you're learning tonight is drawn from um uh killer influence has been chosen by global peers and ranked as the number one best program in the world for nlp you can see it here we've attached your logo and. Then again in this if you click that link you can see right. Here that uh these are these are the courses that were in the running and we were named the number one course uh on nlp and human influence in the world from among some very very uh high level people and i want to thank you all for that because.

First of all i never promoted killer influence as an nlp program and for. So many people to to find the value in it uh really just uh warmed my heart and made me feel like we're really we're really giving the people and you what you need and what you want and that's our job uh one of the things that i can't stress enough is that everything that we. First of all i got to be right. Up front with you i did not develop any single course that i teach for you i developed it for me i developed it because there were there were problems i had in my life that i needed solutions for and i was i just decided that i was going to do whatever it takes i was going to spend.

However much money it was necessary and if i didn't have it i was going to find a way to get it to get the answers to the problems that i had that was that's the one thing i want to i i impressed upon all my students not to spend huge amounts of money. But to be relentless in your pursuit of getting the answers to the questions you're asking and if you have that relentless determination and that that playful attitude you will always find a way i often used to tell my martial arts students that if the want to is strong enough the how-to tends to take care of itself okay. Does that make i mean whether it makes sense or not that's that's what i live by and i've found that if you just keep going and you just keep asking the right. Questions that you will eventually find the answers you will become the person who deserves to have the things you want if you never give up.

So i wanted to stress that uh because none of the there's no. Fluff in any of the material you're about to learn in fact i don't i i don't waste my time on low percentage technique if this stuff did not bring home the bacon metaphorically or physically um every single time in 90 of the time or better i wouldn't i wouldn't uh post it i wouldn't work on it um did we lose audio people tell me i've lost audio stephanie are we okay. Okay. Some people are losing okay.

Good scared me there and that's that's actually another thing um we were having some internet problems the past few weeks or a couple weeks here at my house and. So i. Finally got the internet people to come out and unfortunately there was a problem with the line outside the house and they couldn't tell me exactly when the person would show up to fix the internet. So if i'm suddenly talking and all of a sudden poof i disappear um it's probably because the people outside disconnected my internet now if that should happen if that should happen i'm going to actually transfer i'm going to make stephanie a co-host.

So that if i get if i get bounced the webinar will still be going on and what i will do is i will put i will activate my hotspot and i will log back in and we'll continue um with the webinar is everybody cool with that type in the chat if you're cool with that okay. All right. So. Anyway be relentless there's always a way all right.

So let me go back to the the powerpoint we'll we'll move on um. So that was that's kind of where we're at in terms of 2005 i was voted on the top 10 attraction experts of the year by art of approaching and seductionlair.com. So i have a pretty broad range of experience in various forms of influence i'm a licensed acupuncturist and practitioner of royal medicine i also happen to hold a 10th degree black belt in ruku kempo karate i have a fourth degree black belt in shaolin kuntao. Second degree black belt in kosho kempo ru.

First to be black belt in uh art called fang kuru jiu jitsu which is kind of a combat judo kind of a thing uh certified instructor in combat systema uh cinco manuscrima which is a filipino. Martial arts forum modern arnis basic and i also have more energy healing credentials than mcdonald's sells hamburgers i'm a certified reiki master and teacher i've been reiki master since before reiki was even cool i got certified as a trainer back in the 90s i'm a certified advanced chronic healer and chronic psychotherapist i'm a certified advanced dna fatal healer i'm certified in the bankston energy healing system and i've been practicing various forms of hermetics huna and qigong for over 20 years as well as taoist sexual yoga and energetics. So what does all this what do all these things have in common well today the truth they all base themselves and they all work because of something called pattern recognition eric gerard's asking me if i'm a chest and a grandmaster in chess no. I'm actually not chess was not in my skill set unfortunately.

But when we talk about the things we've just talked about the martial arts the nlp the hypnosis the the face reading the body language the energetics all of these things have one thing in common pattern recognition everything human beings do is based on patterns that repeat patterns of thought patterns of thinking patterns of behavior of speech of body mechanics of physiological and electrochemical processes all of these things are repeating patterns in the body what does that have to do with influence pretty much everything because once you understand how these patterns work once you understand how to recognize these patterns and what they can do you can learn how to inject and redirect those patterns or inject influence or data into those patterns and create a predictable result okay. So is this class for you well it's a really good question if you can answer yes. To any of the following questions you're in the right. Place if you've ever thought about or fantasized about becoming super attractive to the opposite sex making them find you charming fascinating and irresistible you're in the right.

Place if you'd like to banish fear and insecurity from your life radiate confidence and assertiveness and power maybe even be you know truly alpha this is probably a good place for you to be you know if you'd like to make more money from your job book. More clients for your business get that raise or promotion that you know you deserve this is probably a good place for you to be in fact there are people on the webinar right. Now who learned this material from from this webinar went out and got they got offered two jobs they actually tried out for and i'll let them speak um several people as a matter of fact have gotten jobs from the material from the webinar alone. So uh if you'd like to make more money from your job or get those new new you know the new job and promotion whatever good place for you to be if you'd like to learn how to protect yourself from the social predators the influence and mind control predators of the world and learn how to more easily handle difficult people this is probably a really good place for you to be on tonight we've got some solid gold techniques some solid gold principles that if you just embrace them and go out into the world and use them you're going to see some significant results in your ability to handle people both positively and negatively as well as to protect yourself and recognize when people are trying to influence you in ways that maybe aren't in your best interests if you've ever fantasized about having people thinking and feeling and acting the way you want them to.

So that you can not they naturally follow where you want to lead them this is a great place for you to be this is a great core if if leaders knew how to do this there will be a lot more community a lot more teamwork a lot more emotional camaraderie amongst those teams unfortunately not a lot of people understand these uh hidden principles that you're going to learn tonight. But if they did it would make everything else that they do. So much better and. So much faster.

So if you're a team leader or aspire to be a team leader whether it's you know social volunteer corporate whatever this is a good place for you to be if you'd like to be to know exactly how to cause anyone you need to like admire and trust you they even fall in love with you you can do that with the material in this webinar okay. Um if you'd like to learn how to inspire your employees your children your spouses to do what you want them to do when you want them to do them i had several housewives i should say housewives several wives who use this to get their husbands to do take out the trash take them on trips the you know take out the garbage wash dishes uh i've had i've had mothers use this with their children to get them to do homework and all kinds of other things. So again the scope of what's possible for you with the material is is pretty um pretty cool if any of this resonated with go ahead and type it in the chat room if you'd like to attract and surround yourself with lots of trustworthy and loyal new friends and and uh be able to kind of cherry pick those people this is a great place for for you to be and of course if you'd like that super power being able to put people under your spell and just just by talking to them even if you have zero knowledge of hypnosis um this is going to be a very very powerful webinar for you you don't have to believe a single thing i'm telling you all you got to do is do it okay. All you got to do is do it i've actually had p i've actually had one of my one of my peers actually that i i taught this material to actually used it on his mother-in-law who was in the hospital from a stroke and she was she wasn't she wasn't verbal and she was kind of in her own little world she started lapsing into some of the language patterns that i teach in the cpi and killer influence course and her her whole pattern of attention just oriented right.

On him and for as long as he talked in the patterns she actually was coherent and we the only thing we can figure out is the way these structures work is because they activate the brain in a different way and. So that was kind of an epiphany for us it's purely anecdotal. But that was very back and this happened back in like 2004 we were. First debuting the system we've refined it and honed it and streamlined it tremendously since.

Then. But um. But that's where we're going okay. All right.

So let's go back to this. So again here's my personal promise to you if if you know if this is the scope of everything there is to learn that we could learn about the art of human influence we've got time for this and. So my personal promise for you is if you stay till the end and you follow the instructions i will take you as far as i can take you in the time that we have and i will point you in the direction of where to go for more if that's what you feel inclined to do is that a fair trade once again just type it in the chat if you think that's fair don't mind me i'm just checking it looks like my youtubers might have got bounced oh no. They're still on there okay.

Hold on a. Second everyone okay. Okay. Good.

So let's see they're answering me now good i was a little nervous because we're having some uh again i'm i'm a little a little paranoid on internet stuff. So let's go ahead and um go back to this and talk once again. So here's my promise to you guys if you stay until the webinar i'm going to teach you in a very direct very powerful way the fastest most powerful way to make people like trust and even love you sometimes in as little as 20 minutes okay. I'm going to teach you how to have people hanging on your every word would it be cool if like you could go to a a social event a networking function uh a party people where you you hate uh you know where people anybody here hates small talk and have people just hanging on your every word and think you're the most fascinating conversationalist on the planet we're going to show you how to do that i'm going to teach you how to emotionally bond another human being to you you're actually going to do this exercise with me uh to your product or your service and make them do what you want them to do and.

Finally we're going to teach you how to go from interesting information to becoming a master of unstoppable persuasion. So that's my agenda for you and here's where it becomes your training and here's what i mean by that i have a syllabus that i've prepared for you right. But this is the. First part of the drill is you have to figure out if you want to influence people you have to figure out what people want.

So you know what to give them okay. The idea behind what we're going to show you is that you can get anything you want by showing other people how to get what they want by doing what you want it's a kind of a variation on the zig ziglar thing. So here's what i would like you to do in the chat i would like you to type in what's the biggest most important question you have about influencing other people today that you would like answered if you walked away from this webinar with nothing other than the keys to doing that what would it be all right. And we're gonna and what's gonna happen is we're gonna take the answers and i would i would recommend that this is part of your.

First drill by the way this is called the emotional bonding checklist and we're gonna we're gonna teach two techniques simultaneously mina's asking me to repeat again okay. So let me go back to the screen what's the biggest most important question about how to influence people that you would like the answer to today i want you to type it in the chat okay. Because it's the answer it's the drill down on the answer to this question that is going to show you how to tap into the glue that binds people to you and that glue is in motion okay. That glue is emotion there's a huge amount of content that i'm going to try and cover in the.

Next three to four hours what we're going to do is i'm going to deliver as much as i can and and lay the foundation i'm going to lay the foundation for the techniques we're going to go in we're going to present our offer we're going to come back and. Then we're going to give you the rest of the techniques for doing the things that you say you want to do. But it starts with this one question what's the biggest most important question that you have right. Now that if you came away from this webinar with the ability to do that or a solid a solid methodology for doing that you would feel like it was more than worth your time okay.

And i want you to do two things. First i want you to write it or type it in the chat and. Then i want you to write it on a separate piece of paper because there's a drill that we're going to use that will allow you to experience the power of this personally okay. And it also helps me tailor this content to you because i want you to connect everything we're going to be drilling down on to the techniques that you're getting from this webinar and the courses beyond it.

So that as you go through the process of learning these techniques you can automatically apply them to wherever you want to go and take and feel comfortable taking the. Next steps does that make sense if it makes sense go ahead and type that in the chat for me okay. I have trouble getting my sentences to flow together in a hint yes. I do uh have sheila is asking how to get someone to sell their property that doesn't think you just your type deserves it oh okay.

How to influence standoffish people highly trained in manipulation open the door and get started in motion okay. Perfect perfect you guys are doing good all right. I'm sure the people in our our youtube are doing that as well uh brandon i believe is in our youtube chat as well and all right. So let me go ahead back to this all right.

Eric's asking how to sell 30k of uh six month negative the stuff's going by too fast i can't catch at all all right. So the. First thing we're going to talk about is the overall cpi killer influence system now we're not going to be talking about every single piece of this we don't have time. But what we are going to talk about uh is the the the 30 000 foot view.

So to speak the six stage universal persuasion protocol starts with a understanding what it is you want we just did that you understand that we just we just figured out what the outcome is that we want to get from today now we're going to do what we would normally do if we were in a regular class we would teach you how to control your state. So that you get into the right. States that you need to be in. So that you can use your language effectively now the state that you're in when you deliver when you deliver hypnotic language is vitally important in fact it's more important than the language itself if you i when i talk to my students and when i teach them what i say is if your state is right.

Eighty percent of your influence is done before you open your mouth i you know it's my my dad dad and my my grandfather used to say ah [ __ ] you not eighty percent of your influence is done. But before you open your mouth a lot of people believe a lot of people believe that we make that they make decisions based on facts science has proven that this is absolutely 100 false in fact in brain damaged uh patients who are completely cut off from their emotional centers they lose their ability to make decisions right. We need emotion to make a decision. So the fastest way to get somebody to decide what you want them to decide is to get them to feel the way you need them to feel to make that decision the fastest way to change how another person feels in other words to change somebody else's state is to change yours.

First that's why when you go back to our diagram here state control is right. After your outcome what state do i need to be in to function effectively in that environment from there i'm going to get rapport with my subject once i've gotten rapport with my subject or the target of my influence i'm going to use my language i'm going to use my language to manage their emotional states and i'm going to use their process to link what i want them to do to what they want okay. Let me see if i can annotate this that might make some things clearer now for those of you on this webinar i told you we don't have time to do all six steps. But if you follow what i'm about to teach you you will be doing all six steps without realizing it okay.

So the. First thing is you got to know what you want if you typed if you followed my instructions and typed what you wanted in the chat you've done that controlling your state we want to be in a playful fun loving easy going in and curious mood the more curious we become about people the more curious they become about us okay. More curious we become about other people the more curious they become about us now we're going to get rapport how are we going to use report or how we're going to get report it's very simple we're going to use our language to get rapport once we do that we're going to use these to manage the state of the subject in this case the subject is going to be you okay. And.

Then we're going to jump into their process and link to their emotional hot buttons which in uh which is what we call in our home let me turn off the annotate is what we call the emotional bonding checklist okay. Are you guys with me. So far type in the chat if you're with me. So far cool all right.

Now some of you i know i've seen this before and by the way for those of you who are veterans of this um if people are asking questions about this material and you have an answer go ahead and and a good answer based on real world experience go ahead and type that answer and direct it at the people who ask the question that's one of the reasons why i'm calling on my veteran practitioners who've been using this stuff for a while to actually answer your questions okay. Because i want to keep going i want to get i want to get to at least the. First two techniques before we do our offer and. Then once the offer is done and the questions are answered we're going to circle back and uh and continue to teach okay.

All right. Let me erase this all right. So this is what we call the universal persuasion protocol i would suggest you take a screenshot of it because this literally allows you to exert influence anytime anywhere for any reason the reason that we see we call this the universal persuasion protocol is because it's a roadmap and you you basically it's like think of it like an equation where you plug in the exact technique that fills the spot um okay. Um.

Anyway. So i was going to jump into this. But i think um i'll let my i'll let my students kind of answer it for right. Now uh.

Next piece. So the. First exercise we're going to talk about is called the emotional bonding and connection drill to do this effectively we're going to have to use a a linguistic technique we call the echo technique. But before we get into that let's talk about why this is.

So important and why you have to do the exercises to really understand it and appreciate it human beings do not make decisions based on the on on logic or facts they make decisions based on emotions and the feelings in their body whether they're conscious of it or not every human being carries inside of them an internal checklist that has to be satisfied in order for them to feel good about moving forward with any kind of a transaction or relationship or taking any form of. Next step okay. You understand that there's a there's a there's a little list that people have inside that they literally are checking off boxes when they've checked up when they've checked off enough boxes in their mind their body generates a feeling and when that body generates a feeling they act on it okay. Now the fastest way to change a person's body feeling i mean we started with state control is to get and to get others to do what you want them to do and bond is to bond them yourself product or service to their emotional desires okay.

So there's two i mean let me just kind of elaborate on this really quickly i'm going to jump out of the powerpoint no. I don't want to do that hold on a. Second. So let me kind of elaborate um on what we talked about.

So we talked about knowing your outcome and. Then we control our state we get rapport we use our language we manage the state of the subject we we jump into their process and we bond to their emotional criteria and values the emotional bonding checklist. So you have of this per of this entire sequence that we're working with there are two points where feeling comes in one at the beginning which is what you do with your body and psych and state control by the way in our terminology is the ability to enter or exit any psychomotional state at will in any order or sequence to whatever degree you want and once you understand how to do that no. One can push your buttons against your will ever again we have we it's it's such an important skill set and if there were truly a jedi aspect to what we do in planet david it would be it would be the state control.

But we don't have time again state control is always taught live and in person. So you can get it from the video courses um. But if you really want to take it to the level that [ __ ] just starts happening and people just start following you everywhere you go get to the live events and and get the the thorough in-person training it activates your mirror neurons something fierce um. So.

But it starts with your state and. Then when we start to tap into a person's checklist that that little checking box checking process inside of them and every time they check off a box a little body feeling activates inside of them when all the boxes are checked they just take action they just want whatever you presented because that that feeling that you've created is such a personal uh identity level experience that going forward is a note is is like totally not in the realm of possibility and the only time that tends to go south is when you've missed something okay. So i just wanted to jump back on from the powerpoint and and really really emphasize there are two times when feeling is going to be very important what you do with your body feelings and the body feelings that you elicit in the subject the subject is the target of your influence in this case the. First person you're going to be working on is yourself because i want you to experience this personally okay.

Are you guys are you guys with me. So far by the way if you came away with nothing. But this process you'd up your closing rate for most sales and most compliance to the things you want done by about 40 to 60 okay. But you've got to do the writing to really get it you've got to do the writing okay.

All right. Let me jump back and i apologize if um if a lot of the questions are going unanswered i got a little bit of a late start and i just want to make sure that i get as much in as i can before the break okay. Let's go back to this okay. So here's what you're going to need for this exercise you're gonna need a pen or a pencil and paper and something and and the willingness to do the drills to get the skills okay.

So let's go ahead and jump to i'm gonna jump away from the powerpoint now and we're going to look. At what we call the emotional bonding checklist wait a minute oh there we go okay. So what you're seeing here is some of my notes from today um [Music] and this is this is uh this is that's not what i wanted hold on a. Second all right.

Okay. This is known as the this is how to emotionally bond your subject let me make this a little bit bigger how to emotionally bond your subject to you your product or your service and make them want to do what you want them to do the way you have to do this is again depending on what the context is you can sometimes just talk about what it is or you need to embody what you're talking about. So the emotional bonding checklist relates to a category of beliefs in nlp known as criteria and values functionally speaking criterion values are checklists by which we decide if something is right. Or desirable in our personal reality people have personal and unique emotional bonding checklists just write this one down you gotta understand this people have personal and unique emotional bonding checklists for every decision they make it does not matter what the decision is this is one of those you gotta you gotta write this down you gotta tattoo it backwards inside your eyelids.

So that when you close your eyes. At night it's the. Last thing you see as you go into sleep human beings have an emotional bonding checklist for every single thing they can conceive of notice what i said they can conceive of even if it's something they've never even thought about wanting the moment they think about wanting it their unconscious mind their automatic nervous system automatically creates a checklist that is a prediction of what it should be like in order for it to be good for that person the moment the moment we know what that checklist is and what feelings it connects to the only thing we have to do from that point is bond what we want them to do to what you want most okay. And they will and as long and if we just keep we're going through that process they will tend to do the behavior you want by default would that be useful to have a simple easy to understand process that will cause people to do what you want them to do for their own reasons and feel really good about you for doing it would that be useful okay.

Because that's what you're about to learn it's very it's going to seem complex at. First. But it's a very rote mechanical process you don't need to overthink it right. I'm going to give you the basic framework we're going to do it together.

So you can feel it and. Then i'm going to show you how to build a system around it okay. Nine times out of ten by the way when you get any kind of an objection to something you want it's because you've violated this checklist it's because whatever you've asked the person to do or. However you've worded it conflicts with this little checklist they've got inside their head and the moment you flip things around to being completely what's on that checklist they just do it and they'll come up with their own reasons for doing it okay.

So is not everyone's checklist different yes. Everyone's checklist is different there may be randomly you may come across somebody whose checklists seem similar. But they're not each person's set of checklists are unique to them they're unique to them and that's why as as rodent mechanical as this process seems it actually customizes every communication that you make specifically to the mind and the desires and the heart of the person you're communicating to as a byproduct of this people will automatically like you more they will trust you more they will become connected and loyal to you more just from doing this if you follow the process i don't know what just happened to my lighting my lighting just shifted for some reason uh. But is everybody still with me is this is this clear does everybody have a pencil my youtubers uh can someone have different checklists for the same thing at different times um it's possible context and environment do play a role.

But um people aren't usually going to change contexts all that all that much tarek is saying can we use body language mbti meta programs to guess what's on their checklist you could. But why guess when you can ask and that's really what we're talking about the the most covert powerful hypnosis is actually direct it just doesn't seem like hypnosis okay. And one of the reasons for this write this down this is important i i really it's not in my my webinar notes. But it's something you need to understand when we're talking about human beings we are and influencing human beings what we are actually talking about is influencing their states of consciousness and all all of person states of consciousness include their emotions all emotional states are trance states and.

So the minute you put somebody in a different emotional state from where they were and that's what this process does you for in effect functionally put them in a trance arvin's asking will people open up when their enemy is present depends on the context they're probably going to be more guarded all right. Uh antonio's asking does this work over text industry it works anywhere human language is involved it works anywhere human language is involved okay. All right. So you got your papers you got your pencils let's rock this puppy when you link a person's emotional needs okay.

Let me just finish this really quick um [Music] the checklist is a set of parameters by which they measure the desirability of something a person can't tolerate having these emotional values violated without experiencing emotional pain. So if you want to get rid of somebody all you got to do is figure out what their values are and violate them in a very obvious way and they will beat feet out of there a person cannot process their criteria and values which is what we're dealing with the emotional bonding checklist without experiencing positive emotion and desire for it the forwards are away from okay. So when you link a person's emotional needs to you your product or your service they become internally compelled to want and acquire it criterion values have three parts there's a checklist which we're talking about now there's a feeling that body generates when the checklist is met and. Then there's the name there's a label that we give to that body feeling that happens when the checklist is met okay.

So here's the. First thing i want you to do on a piece of paper hold on a. Second let me find what i'm looking for um i'm looking for the drill there we go. So on the drill that we're working with most important question is what's important about.

So here's how this works i'm going to sit down for a minute on that notebook. Paper that i asked you to get i asked you a question at the beginning of the webinar let me let me jump back to stop sharing for a. Second there was a question i asked you to type in the chat at the beginning of the webinar you guys remember that write it out on a piece of paper and. Then i want to i want you to write another question underneath it literally you know let me pull up a text box and just guide you through it let me just do it this way.

So. First thing let's close this really quick. So question what is the question that you wanted to that you have okay. If you were to get it what's important about getting that question answered oftentimes i'll i'll actually preface this part with if you got it if you got the answer to that question would that do for you i want you to write the answers down does that make sense are you guys with me.

So far. So write the answer write your question down write what's important to you about having it or what it's going to do for you and. Then underneath that if you were to get it what's important about that. So if you think of it let me you know let me make this bigger i was trying to make everything small.

So it fit on my screen. But. So you have the a portion you have the b portion and as you're doing this now. So you have a question that you want to come away you want you have a technique that you want to learn from today's webinar if you were to get it what would that do for you write that down write it down and.

Then ask ask your b question what's important about having that what's important about that write the answer and go with your. First impressions on this trust your gut whatever gut feeling you have whatever verbiage comes up. First that's what i want you to write down okay. And we're going to get into the c question if you could get that what would that do for you and ultimately what is important about that and.

Then write your answer when you've done all three type done in the chat all right. Let me make this a little smaller. So you can see the whole process i'm gonna go ahead and pull up the chat. So i can see youtubers go i know you're a little behind us.

But go ahead and do that perfect excellent excellent excellent all right. So people are with me that's good all right. Now here's what i want you to do i want you to read your question out loud and. Then read your answers out loud and each time you read the answer out loud notice what happens to the feelings in your body notice what happened to the feelings in your body as you do this and.

Then and. Then when you're done type type what you experienced in the chat fun excellent you always done nice feeling how to sync with a stranger okay. I just you got a warm feeling in your mid section very good one. Second made me powerful big heart chakra opening positive feeling okay.

Someone got a feeling of fear okay. So here's the deal those body feelings those body feelings are a direct response to your emotional checklist now here's where it gets funnier all i want you to do is repeat the answers to your questions out loud to yourself multiple times and notice what happens to the feelings in your body as you look. At me type it in the chat it relaxes you excellent renee energized becomes real very good shift is happening happy and comfortable right. Now here's the thing every single time your subject hears their words coming out of your mouth about your product or your service the feelings that you're generating in their body are very similar to what you're generating inside of yours the longer you repeat them the more times you repeat them the stronger that feeling gets see how it works right.

So as you link everything you want to the content of where we're going. Next understand that this is the engine that drives your transformation this is the end this is the engine that powers all of your communications allowing you to leap into the hearts of everyone you meet find their heartstrings and find out exactly what you need to do to get them to want to do whatever it is that you want them to do anybody did anybody find themselves starting to kind of maybe tear up a little bit that's very common by the way yep robin says little yeah yep okay. That's how you know you're getting the right. Information if you're not getting a physiological non-verbal response the eyes.

Will dilate they'll start to unconsciously nod the face may flush you may see them get their eyes. Get all teary if you're not getting that you miss something you need to dig a little bit deeper. But this is the process you ask them what they want you ask them you ask them what's important about it you listen you listen to what they say and you repeat the words back we call that the echo technique and it is by far um the most useful most cross-contextual human influence tool ever because human beings are hardwired to respond to their own words if those words happen to be connected to the things they emotionally desire the effect is amplified the effect is amplified we call this the emotional bonding checklist and when you use it with your clients your students your children your spouse your meetings negotiations whatever it is they will you will provoke a deep emotional connection between you and the other person okay. A connection that will only grow stronger the longer you're in contact with them okay.

But i wanted you to feel it on your own. First. So you can experience the power of this because this is what you're going to be doing with other people okay. So the real it's a three-stage process you ask them what they want if they were to get it what would that do for them what's important about that whatever they answer you write it down and repeat it back you ask them what they what what's important about that and you're gonna you're gonna notice that each time you're going to get a little bit deeper into their emotional being and once you've done that all you have to do is continue to use those words to describe yourself your product your service to the other person using their exact words and the process will automate and they will want to do what you want them to do does that make sense okay.

Perfect. So are you ready for more yes. Yes. Hold on a.

Second i saw yes. But in the chat hold on a. Second uh yes. But went by too fast i missed it can you retype the yes.

But please is this useful is this helpful okay. So let me give you a really quick demo of what this might look. Like let me give you a really quick demo what this might look. Like over the phone because back when i had my my martial arts studio this was how i enrolled pretty much every prospective student that i okay.

And it would go something like this ring ring good afternoon coral springs martial arts academy this is david how can i help you oh hi david my name is bernice and and uh i found your name your name in the phone book. And and i'm looking for i was interested in karate lessons from my 10 year old son josh oh hey bernice. So you found my name in the phone book. And you're looking for karate lessons for your 10 year old son josh is that right.

Yeah absolutely 100 now here's the weird thing it sounds like i'm making a joke when they go yeah you'll get that response because the moment they hear their words coming back to them it's like oh my god you read my mind right. So british just. So i understand you better uh what's important to you about if you were to find the right. School for your your 10 year old son josh um for karate lessons what what what would that do for you well well david you know if i could find the right.

School for josh to get him into karate i'd always heard that that karate was a you know a great way for kids to to learn self-confidence and self-discipline and to focus you know josh is a really great kid he's really smart. But he's small for his age in fact he's he's he's. So smart as his teachers actually moved him up a grade and that's actually one of the reasons i'm calling because he's going to be in a he's small and um i'm afraid the kids might pick on him. So i heard karate was a great way to kind of to get all these good things all these you know focus and concentration and self-confidence.

So just. So i understand you better bernice um josh is a great kid uh you're you're having martial arts was great for confidence and concentration and self-confidence and uh and you and josh is a great kid you said and and that uh he's. So smart in fact that these his parents or his teachers actually moved him up a great that's amazing congratulations on that. But you said he's small for his age and and he's.

So and you're. So and that's one of the reasons that you're with the kids might pick on him is that is that right. Yeah david that's i heard that you know again because martial arts was good for helping kids kind of you know stand up to people who are bigger and smaller i think i think it would just help him overall bernice i think you're absolutely right. Martial arts has proven to be a great tool for kids to learn focus and concentration and to have that confidence.

So that they can they can stand up to the the bigger stronger people who try to bully them and uh you know i think we have a special program that's great for kids just like josh uh it comes with two free private lessons and a group class it comes with a free uniform as well we have a slot available um this friday at 5 p.m we also have one saturday morning at about 11am which would be easier for you well david um that sounds really great i'm curious um would it be possible to do the 11 o'clock class because i think i think friday might be it might be a little rough it's date night and things are going on. So i think maybe 11 a.m would be uh would be a better time slot great well i'll post principal you and josh in for uh saturday at 11 a.m and just. So i understand you better bernice um as josh after josh takes the classes and he realizes how much fun this is i'm curious what's important to you about about getting josh into this class well like i said david i think i think it's really important that he he's in an environment that he really really likes that um it gives him that ability to to have fun and feel confident and to stand up to the bullies and to focus and concentrate and and you know just be the best version of himself you know what bernice i 100 agree i think it's important that whatever karate school you choose for josh that josh has to enjoy and have a good time and he will have a great time he'll have. So much fun he'll meet new people and he'll learn that focus and he'll learn that confidence and that ability to concentrate and the ability to protect himself that allow him to stand up to those bigger bullies and things of that nature.

So i'm looking forward to meeting you and josh tomorrow at 11am uh i'm just going to go ahead and send you a quick email if i can just get you email we'll go ahead and confirm that and. Then we'll also call you tomorrow just to make sure that you know how to find us and everything would that be okay. David thank you. So much that would be great awesome bernice i look.

Forward to seeing you and josh tomorrow saturday 11am talk to you soon take care bye-bye click now some of you who have seen my echo technique demonstration in the past will notice i did something a little bit different i integrated not just the echo technique. But also criterion values into the presentation and whenever i thought it was important i used those words back and i link them to my product or my service now if you go back when you watch the replay you'll hear the linking words right. But i wanted you to kind of see i wanted to sandwich these things together since we're talking about martial arts schools this is what's happening throwing this out um okay. A lot of people have are adopting this process now this was back in the 90s.

So this wasn't as well known as it is now. But this is actually one of the biggest most important things that we need to understand most of us are taught and we'll take the context of selling most of us are taught to just list features and benefits and hope something sticks that is absolutely the worst way to sell or promote anything the most important thing you can do is you ask somebody what they want to get what's important to them about it how they know they're getting it and. Then you only talk about your pro the aspects of your product yourself or your service that directly satisfies what they said and you use their words to do it is that is that clear you guys following me question was uh. So would you say c and v and the echo technique are the highest yield influence techniques you know yes.

Especially for beginners um honestly if if you just drilled deep on this one you would up your closing rates by 30 40 50 60 it is not uncommon it is not uncommon at all okay. Now if you wrap this echo technique or that or this um if you if you wrap this criterion value solicitation technique and we'll show you the full we actually have a uh it's not a script. But it's a a process map when we get back from the offer we're going to teach you the echo technique we're going to teach you the full criterion values process we're going to teach you if we have time depending on what else you want to learn we can talk about three magic questions we can talk about the resistance removal technique um we can do all kinds of other things once we come back from the offer. But is this good.

So far are you guys getting what you came for yes. Coolness all right. And would it be okay. For you for me to show you the package i put together for you really quick and.

Then kind of circle back and continue to teach more stuff when we come back would that be good yes. Yes. Excellent now keep in mind that the programs that we put together for you are primarily video courses if you can get to a live event i really really really recommend it and we've made it easy for you. So thank you for that without further ado let's go ahead and look.

At what we've actually put together for you. So with your permission you're ready to take your stuff to the. Next level if you're ready type in the chat i'm ready this is the compliance portion of today's webinar just type it in the chat ooh i see lots of people typing yes. I like that da without further ado i present to you with your permission the secrets of human influence ultra persuasion home study course this is a special series of courses that i put together designed especially especially now when we're in the middle of this whole covet issue these secrets are actually more important than ever people who have these secrets can literally write their own ticket even in the pandemic type of environment that we're dealing with and i don't say that lightly because of all the trainers out there of all the people teaching out there we are one of the few trainers i know that are still actively doing live events and people are showing up we're also doing um video events and people are showing up these are the skills that will allow you to cut to the head of the line get past gatekeepers get people to like love and trust you to help people get past their blocks and you can do it from the comfort of your own home and.

So let's just jump into what we've got. So. First of all the secrets of human influence is all about helping to take your life to the. Next level if you want to make more money you can use it for that if you want to close more deals or get more dates you can use it for that if you want to help people if you're a coach or a therapist or lawyer anybody who's an influence professional consultants this will help you if you want to feel more confident or have more personal power and win the game of life this is what you need okay.

If you'd like to become more charming charismatic and irresistible this is the course okay. So here's what we put together for you by the way this offer does expire uh tonight at 11 59 p.m. So uh keep in mind we these low tickets are these these uh super cool offers do have an expiration date and here's what we've got we put together a special course i talked to you about it a little bit earlier it was the killer influence uh program was named it was voted the number one nlp course in the world because it's all real world stuff and it includes 17 videos that teaches you the seven stage universal persuasion protocol how to think like a master of influence how to control your psycho-emotional state. So no.

One else can power report skills for connecting with anyone anywhere you can do it from across the table across the phone over a video camera and when you get really good at it you can do it from across the planet it's 297 value we're going to teach you the most irresistible hypnotic language patterns on the planet how do it manage the emotional states of other people you got a little sample of that we're going to teach you how to hijack somebody's own internal behavior code there's a certain sequence of things they do with their brain that tells you how to organize what you say and how you say it and when you do it people automatically do what you want tend to do automatically what you want by default and. Finally you've got a little taste of how to emotionally bond anyone's deepest desires and get them to do what you want them to do. But there's a lot more that this course is going to teach you and those those extra modules are in the killer influence master manual or master text it's going to teach you about non-verbal hypnotic operators okay. These are things that have the ability to hypnotize people and and mentally program them to behave and think along certain lines without you having to speak.

So things like how to sit where to sit at a table that causes people to give you more authority in their world and make them more hyper suggestible what kind of drinks you can put in their hands that will actually make them more suggestible or less suggestible to you we'll talk about social hypnotic principles these are hypnotic triggers that culture our society media government religion have hypnotically installed in you they're little buttons that these these agencies press that cause you to behave in very predictable ways we're going to show you how to find them and how to immunize yourself from them and. Then when you want to how to use them this is this is based on a book. Called influence the psychology of persuasion by robert cialdini um you'll learn how to maximize these things we're going to teach you about the four pillars of irresistible hypnotic influence authority attractivity um affinity and acquiescence uh luis is asking will this work in spanish 100 100 um all of that is also included in the manual as well as how to catch lies how to become more attractive there's even a special chapter in here called drt drt stands for dirty rotten tricks these are more gray hat gray area type techniques that people might try to use on you or that if you're you know depending on your application you may find useful in certain contexts or applications where you need to influence people i'm not a persuasion cop. But if you don't know how to use these things you are a prime target for having them used on you.

So if you think of this course as nothing else think of it as a self-defense course a way to protect yourself from the influence predators of the world as well as giving you the edge the edge that you need to get the life you want the way that you want it uh luis says only if you speak it actually no. Moo you don't have to speak it you can just write it you can any place that especially the things i'm teaching in this webinar anything any place where language is used um this will work edwin's uh talking about a process called the unconscious hello which is a non-verbal tactic which we teach in this course as well okay. Um and we're also going to give you three months access to our personal private training online community we'll talk about that um towards the end of the presentation it is a priceless priceless um tool to help you take your skills to the. Next level.

So if you were to look. At everything we've got here 297 value for how to think like a master influencer uh psychoemotional state on command 297 dollar value power report skills 297 dollars irresistible hypnotic language 297 value how to manage emotional states 297 value how to hijack someone's internal behavior code 297 value how to emotionally bond anyone's deepest desires to get them to do what you want them to do 297 value and. Finally the killer influence master text which is over 200 pages by the way it's a 418 manual manual plus um the online community you're looking at a total value of 2497. But as you can probably guess we love to over um to under promise and over deliver.

So there's more if you grab your course today we're going to throw in the following exclusive special bonuses we're going to include one of the most powerful uh hypnotic processes known to man it's been around since man crawled out of the ocean this is known as weapons of mass instruction this is the science of seductive storytelling secrets that are based on neuroscience and narrative persuasion techniques if you've ever wondered how high-level speakers like t harvecker mark victor hansen tony robbins um uh lisa sasebic ali um who's another good one um those are enough if you've ever wondered how they get these people salivating to rush to the back of the room to buy their product or service it's through the use of specially constructed stories now stories by themselves have the ability to instantly induce trance in anyone you direct them at okay. But the coolest thing about story is that it hypnotizes people in the background it's never perceived as a way of influence it's never perceived as an influence to it's always perceived as entertainment mu is asking is this cpi 2 yes. This is cpi level 2. you cannot get this course unless you have cpi level 1 or the secrets of human influence package or killer influence this is the. Next level now when i was researching story and storytelling i was perpetually frustrated by the lack of good solid useful techniques and the reasons why i do certain things.

So if you're looking for a class that's based on ericksonian hypnosis or things like that this is not the class this is the class i would have wanted to take if it were available it wasn't. So i had to make it there are five distinct modules in this program the. First one is the one of the most important it's about how to use stories to connect with people anywhere in a line at starbucks in a room full of people during voir dire these are stories for connection that's that's chapter one it gives you also the neuroscience behind story antonio's asking what is cpi cpi is conversational persuasion and influence it's the conversational hypnosis system that i designed for me that allowed me to go through my entire undergraduate education on writing scholarships that allowed me to graduate with honors that i didn't even apply for that took. Me to number five number top five attraction experts in 2005 and much much more this is the.

Next level to that module two is all about what we call alpha stories alpha stories are let me just jump back to uh my screen alpha stories are stories that have the ability to motivate inspire they have persuasion push to them. So when somebody tells you a sales story more often than not it's an alpha story it's designed to get you inspired to motivate you to do something those are the most common types of stories that you'll hear in the business world. However there's two there's two or three other types of story that we teach we have we call omega stories omega stories are different from alpha stories both of them are extremely persuasive. But alpha stories activate more push to your influence omega stories reduce resistance to your your influence.

So think of it this way if if i were if i had to push a heavy filing cabinet across a room right. The the energy i'm expending would be like an alpha story right. But if i took. A a graphite or some other type of lubricant like oil and i spread it on the floor and now i push the object over the oil that reduces resistance it makes the job easier ideally you want to have both right.

But the nice thing about omega stories is they always reduce resistance and they change people's thoughts attitudes and opinions in the background there's also a module where we teach you there are six key elements that you must have in a story that have nothing to do with the content and everything to do with the structure that literally sucks people into a trance they can't resist okay. We'll show you exactly what those six steps are how to test your story to make sure they have maximum hypnotic impact and. Then once you have a story that's field tested we're going to teach you what we call ninja stories ninja stories are how to embed nlp type and conversation hypnotic type structures into the story framework you've just created to amplify and target the influence even more precisely. So if you've ever seen people tell stories and all of a sudden hundreds of people rush to the back of the room to buy something that's what they're doing they're not just giving you they're not just telling you a story embedded in those stories in in the structure of the story itself in the order of the stories they tell is a behavioral process that they're priming the audience to follow and that is what.

Then that is the aspect of presenting or training they will never teach you everybody every one of the people i mentioned earlier have trainers trainings and they'll teach you how to create a presentation they'll teach you how to um you know create an offer and all these things. But they won't teach you the system behind the system and that's what weapons of mass instruction is all about it's designed to use to teach you how to use story from a neurological perspective to promote learning to promote compliance and obedience to what you want them to do whether that's learning your material rapidly buying your product or service signing up for your free consultation there it's all on the table and we actually take transcripts from high level presenters and we deconstruct every single line of part of their presentation and point out this is the embedded command this is the presupposition these are the behavioral primes these are the semantic primes that he's using this is the confusion induction he's using. So you can understand literally how this stuff looks and what this stuff actually looks like when it's being done to you right. Which is something you no.

Trainer in their right. Mind would ever do i'm gonna show it to you okay. In that course and if you can get to the live event it's even better. But this video course will teach you soup to nuts everything you need to know.

So you can to protect yourself from that kind of influence. But you can also benevolently use it for yourself to promote your business your product or service in writing in person one-on-one over the phone wherever is that a useful tool yes. Or yes. That's part of the program okay.

We're gonna give this to you it's a 1 950 value we're going to give it to you absolutely free if you grab one of our secrets of human influence training packages we're going to give it to you 100 absolutely free total value. So far combined values seven 4 when you register now before the end of the webinar okay. We're also going to show you uh a process we lovingly call renegade reflaming framing and the art of objection obliteration let me ask you a question what if what if for every obstacle you encountered every per for every person who stated a belief or an objection to what you wanted them to do what would what would your life be like if you had at least 14 different ways to beat that objection or change a belief in seconds what what would your life be like just type that in the chat would that be useful yeah that's exactly what this course does for you this course allows you during normal conversations to overcome and defeat any single objection you get or change anyone's belief in seconds if you've ever been worried about losing an argument or having or not being able to answer a question or getting punked by people who are just smarting off to you this is the. Next course and by the way this is also the course that saves your butt when you screw up the criteria in values elicitation if you screw up criteria and values this is where you go.

Next this is your get out of jail free card this will allow you to overcome any objection you get it's too much i gotta talk to my wife i don't believe it whatever it is i'll give you 14 different bullets individually and. Then you can combine them to overcome anything that you encounter and get people to change their brains and change their minds during normal conversations in a very non you can do it very combatively or you can do very gently and non-combatively we're going to throw this in as an extra extension to the secrets of human influence package it's a one thousand nine hundred and fifty dollar value we're going to give you these videos full-length video course absolutely free once again if you can come to a live event for this i highly recommend it. But this will get you started combined value total of everything we've talked about. So far is six thousand three hundred and ninety seven dollars when you register now before the end of the webinar uh.

But we're not done we're not done okay. When i when i sat down and i put this thing together i think okay. What course because i got like 30 or 40 courses. So i had to figure out what exactly would give people the most persuasion bang for their buck now um just.

So i understand you better how many of you promote your business through some form of public speaking or would like to promote your business through some form of public speaking if that's you type it in the chat by far by the way the most uh economical and powerful way to build your business is through public speaking okay. And that's exactly what charisma on command is designed to allow you to do especially if you combine it with cpi 1 and cpi 2. charisma on command is hypnotic presentation skills for presenters and public speakers this is again a total soup to nuts how to become a hypnotic speaker it's not a class that teaches you how to be a stage hypnotist this is a class that teaches you how to utilize and deploy hypnotic language and hypnotic technique from the stage. So everything we talked about in cpi 2 you're going to learn it again here you're also going to learn exactly how to create presentations that deliver powerful strong fulfilling content while subliminally priming and programming your audiences to want to take the. Next level with you to go to the.

Next step we're going to deconstruct the trainings from t harvecker show you exactly how he's getting people to rush to the back of the room we're going to deconstruct it we're going to teach you basic stagecraft how to stand on stage how to hold a microphone what kind of audio to use what kind of video to use we're going to teach you how to promote events in this training how to create offers and we're going to put you on a state well in live training we're actually going to put you on a stage and have you do your introduction and your offer exactly the way you would do it. So you and you'll come out of that training if you follow these instructions you'll actually come out of that training with an actual 90-minute talk that you could actually hand somebody on a podcast on a hypnosis conference or convention and just or an online summit and just present that and people would come away from your talk oh my god that was awesome i can't wait to to level up and they'll and they'll come rushing we'll show you step by step how you do that i'll teach you my patented techniques for dominating youtube we dominate youtube in our niche and i'll show you exactly how we do that in this training okay. Um again it's a full-length video course 1950 value we're going to give it to you free absolutely free just for joining the secrets of human influence weapons of social seduction program combined value is 8 347 when you register now before the end of the webinar and of course let's just recap. So just to be clear we're going to give you the secrets of human influence killer influence program 17 videos includes a seven-stage universal persuasion protocol which we covered a little bit earlier it's a 2079 value you're going to include the killer rents map influence master text which is a four hundred and eighteen dollar value uh just.

So i understand you better could you use this for constructing a signature hundred percent edward edwin it's exactly what cpi 4 is for is for your signature talk um we're going to give you access to the online community we'll talk about that in just a minute it's priceless you'll find out why in just a moment we're going to give you weapons of social and mass instruction neuroscientific storytelling secrets 1950 value we're going to give you the bonus renegade reframing objection obliteration and speed conversational belief change it's a 1950 value and we're going to give you the charisma on command hypnotic presentation skills recorded live one thousand nine hundred fifty dollar value again total value is eight thousand three hundred and forty seven dollars and today we're going to try and give you the best deal humanly possible. So you're not gonna have to pay eight thousand three hundred and forty seven dollars you're not gonna have to pay six thousand three hundred and forty seven dollars james is asking should you start with cpi or killer influence uh in this program you get to start with killer influence and. Then you go right. Through all the levels.

But we're not going to charge you six thousand three hundred forty seven dollars to start with those levels we're not even going to charge you five thousand we're not going to charge you three thousand we're not even going to charge you three hundred forty seven dollars for those of you who wanna jump on this program today we're gonna give you every single thing that we've talked about instant online digital download you can buy it today and download it tonight you're going to get it all for one load a low one-time investment of just 9.97 that's right. Only one low installment of 9.97 or you can break it up if you want stephanie's waiting there three easy installments of just 397. all you got to do to take to to claim yours and get started now is go to www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go www.killerinfluence.com my good friend brandon and business partner um just put the link for our youtubers. So uh there's only a few slots left for this. So go ahead and go to www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go and go ahead if you have questions about it go ahead and type those in the chat um brandon can pro mu is is the killer influence course the ki 2020 or kiuk brandon can probably answer that better than i can um.

So sometimes you update those packages. So that uh you get more bang for your buck for those of you for those of you who may be on the fence and. But or or simply want to get started like instantly here's what we've got going for you just go ahead and go to www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go brandon is saying for those of you who for the person is asking about killer influence we have both ki uk and ki 2020 available he's going to let you choose which version you want i particularly like the ki 2020 or ki uk version myself i really enjoyed that class and i think there's actually more than 17 videos in that one. So if you when you get the uh when you get your package specifically request the ki 2020 or cam sorry kiuk videos otherwise you're going to give you the ki 2020 version okay.

Uh huge amount of content james is asking what's the difference between the two um a lot more i think there was a lot more dating content in ki uk as well um really some good demonstrations um that was our. First and that was by the way was our. First five-day killer influence event which is why it's a little bit bigger. But we're not going to charge you extra for those extra videos it's just going to be part of your training.

So killer influence when it's taught is usually a four day. But the killer influence uk version was actually a five-day event. So you get an extra day for the same price it's an extra it's an extra value add. So i hope that helps uh and all you got to do is just for one loan stump you can go to killerinfluence.com forward slash go you do it for one low installment of 997 or you can do three easy installments of just 3.97 and if you're worried everything we're offering you comes with a 90 day 100 percent satisfaction guarantee if the secrets of human influence program doesn't deliver the ways that teach you exactly how to make more money close more deals reach financial freedom feel more secure and confident and win in any social encounter be irresistible and never feel powerless or helpless or denied what you want ever again if it doesn't do that for you it doesn't give you the tools for getting that done i'll refund your money i'll just give it back right.

If it doesn't work for you we don't want your money. But i guarantee you you'll be wishing you paid more because what you'll be reaping and what you'll be getting from applying these skills is. So far beyond what we're asking for in return and i have to be honest with you let me just jump out of my presentation brandon's going to kill me for this our material is awesome don't believe me though ask the people in your chats who have been around planet david who've used the products who've gone out into the world there's hundreds of people on this webinar a lot of them have have actual experience uh using these materials and have one using these materials you don't need to believe anything i say. But you do have to do the work and that's the thing i want to emphasize we're really good at what we do here we really are okay.

But we can't multiply zeros if you're someone who just watches a video puts it on a shelf and never [ __ ] does anything with it again keep your money keep your money i don't want those kind of students. But if you're serious about taking your life to the. Next level if you really really want the life you know you deserve to have even if you don't think you deserve to have it yet. Then this is a course that's going to give you the tools if you use them and if you use them for 90 days and they don't deliver even half of what i've talked about if you're not satisfied call stephanie send us an email if you're not happy we'll make you happy one way or another if you want your money back we'll give you your money back if you want a different product or a different course we'll do that too everything about what we do is about helping you take your life to the.

Next level and i mean that those are the only praises i want are the signed testimonials and the field reports of the people who've taken this material out into the world and actually used it because if you use it it'll work i promise you it'll work right. And if it doesn't we'll figure out why and if we can't figure out why. Then we'll give you the refund no. Questions right.

But we give us a chance at least to mentor you a little bit okay. And and if that's fair go ahead grab the you know grab the go to www.killerinfluence.com forward slash uk and take a shot this is this is your shot right. Um www.killerinfluence.com and again try it for 90 days if it works keep it keep building on it come back for your. Next levels go through the process um and.

Then take it take it to the. Next level and and send me your send me your reports send me your your testimonials not how great i am okay. Uh send me your field reports to tell me the wins you've had in the field using this material and i will publish them and i will give i will shout you out to the high heavens because people need to know there is help there is a way for you to get the things you want okay. But i can't multiply zeros okay.

I've made it as easy for you as i can okay. For those of you who may need a little bit more convincing or maybe um aren't you know what else you got dave for those of you who grab your course before december 15th 2020 11 59 pm that's today by the way we're going to include these extra fast action bonuses for you okay. First one we're going to include we talked about it a little bit earlier is the mass the nlp power mastermind mentoring practice group and archive this is a three-month trial membership it's a 594 value and again i'm going to jump out of my powerpoint again just to kind of talk about this the nlp power mastermind mentoring program is the world's longest running nlp hypnosis and related discipline study group on the planet it's not a certification program on the. Third saturday of every month we meet at my clinic in solana beach or we meet virtually online or we do both depending on what our covid situation is and i literally go around the room and i say what do you want to learn what do you want to learn what do you want to learn what do you want to learn and i write those things on my whiteboard and for the.

Next four hours i create a curriculum on the spot and for the. Next four hours i drill you on those those subjects in real time live and in person until you can do them in your sleep one of the biggest problems that people have when they're trying to do anything online is they don't have anybody to practice with they don't have anybody to get the feedback you can't get the feedback from a video course. But you can through a live event and that's what the nlp power mastermind mentoring program is all about it's designed to help you take it from the theoretical to the practical it's not a course that is not a program that will give you a certificate if you're looking for a certificate we've got other programs for that this is about getting skills and it's about drilling down specifically on the exact techniques and sticking points that you have to move forward with your life right. We meet on the.

Third saturday of every month sometimes we have five people sometimes you have 25 people we go around the room we create the lesson plan right. On the spot and for the three hours or four hours that we're together we drill you on those techniques until you can do them backwards and forwards. Then we send you off into the world to apply your skills we're going to give you a three-month trial membership if you want if you like it after that if you're getting value from it stay it's only 99 a month after that. But this is that bridge where i get to observe you i get to teach you i get to customize your training and i help to drill down on the sticking points that you have with applying this material okay.

If you think that's worthwhile go ahead and type that in the chat right. And. Then go to www.killerinfo forward slash go this is just one of the fast action bonuses that we're going to give you and oh by the way we've been running this program non-stop since 2010 which means for 10 years we've been teaching this program what i didn't tell you is that we videotaped every single session from 2010 all the way to 2020. and we've archived all of that video on our private facebook. Group our nlp power website and part of it is also available uh to our diamond and platinum members and our gold members on our youtube channel.

So for those of you who jump into this program you get full access to the entire 10-year archive you may have to look. Around for some of the content you want because it's not it's not organized all that well because the content was different every single training. But the full 10 years is there and if you want to binge watch david or people getting trained by david you got a free month pass to 10 years of stuff right. That's my special gift for you just for jumping on the secrets of human influence package today before the deadline okay.

But we got more for you there's more for you and all you got to do to get yours is go to www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go stephanie can you put the link back in the chat www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go for those of you who really want to get started right. Away by the way the total combined value would be 8 941 dollars we're also going to include absolutely free the stealth instant conversational hypnosis crash course this is a distillation from our killer influence in our cpi systems it's all about hypnotic languaging instant and rapid inductions the three magic questions protocol hypnotic hot buttons and i believe there's also a lie detection video in there if i'm if i'm not mistaken total value of this course will be 997 we're going to give it to you absolutely free uh just for being one of the. Next 10 or 15 people to jump onto this program combined value. So far everything we've talked about is 9930.

So if you like the package i invite you to go ahead and jump on jump on the bandwagon and. Finally for the. Next 15 people 15 people only who register and grab this secrets of human influence package weapons of social seduction package we're going to issue you a free vip super ticket this gives you free admission to any single live event that i'm teaching anywhere in the world of your choice some restrictions apply it is only it is limited only to the. First 15 people to register or grab their secrets of human influence package today it's a 1 950 value what this means is any live event that i do that you want to come to all you got to do is pick up the phone email stephanie say hey i bought this vip ticket on webinar i want to come to this class and even if the class is full you get to come in our vip tickets do not expire.

So if you get your vip ticket today and it takes you two years to come to a single live event well that technic ticket will be good for you all you gotta do is pick up the phone and call if you make plans to come to an event and for some reason for some reason something comes up at the. Last minute pandemic hits again your boss is an [ __ ] there's a death in the family um your significant other is having an existential crisis all you do is pick up the phone send an email to me or stephanie call stephanie we'll move you to another training you have that ticket until you use it right. All that we ask is that you don't call us at the. Last minute if you can help it and say you're coming or not coming because we prepare all of our materials in advance based on the amount of people we have confirmed.

So um inevitably some people drop out at the. Last minute and some people sign up. So there's always very fluid. But i booked already i'm am i one of the 15. yes.

Mance i believe um stephanie's saying yes. Nicole mensah you got one of the vip tickets congratulations welcome aboard right. Um you have it until you use it i've literally i've literally given people vip tickets at events four years ago i don't hear from them for four years all of a sudden they i get a call or an email saying david i got you gave me this ticket four years ago i want to come to this event is it still good i say come on in one of the other nice things about about the vip super tickets is that with the exception of several any training over seven days seven days are over the price point of the training doesn't matter anymore. So if you come to killer influence it's a four day event and you have a super ticket you're not going to pay 1950 or 24.97 at the door you just get to walk in and go to the front of the room because you got your super ticket right.

Okay. And again if you have any questions about any of that uh stephanie's happy to answer your questions you can um stephanie can you post your email and your phone number um in the chat brandon could you post uh stephanie's email and phone number in the youtube chat for folks okay. So. But that that.

Last um that. Last the vip super ticket is only good while this webinar is acting in other words when i log off the webinar the super ticket goes away right. That is for people to take to just kind of give you the cherry on the sunday to make sure that in addition to everything else you've got the ability to come and see me live and in person um. But it goes away when i when the webinar goes off that goes off the table you can still get the rest of the package that we talked about.

But the vip ticket goes away. So if you know you want the ticket if you know you want to come to that live event and i don't care if it's. Next month. Next year 10 years from now as long as i'm teaching you get to go right.

Uh every now and. Then somebody logistically just can't come to a live event. So we give them the option to take an extra video course in lieu of that vip ticket right. So um we're very flexible that way.

So i hope i hope that that excites you as much as it excites me people say i'm crazy total combined value of everything we've talked about is eleven thousand eight hundred and eighty eight dollars. So before we jump back to training let's recap really quick secrets of human influence home study course two thousand seventy nine dollar value the secrets of human influence killer influence master text 418 value we're going to give that to you absolutely free we're going to give you the weapons of mass instruction 1950 value we're going to give it to you free uh objection obliteration nine hundred fifty dollar value we're going to give it to you free charisma and conversion um five uh 1950 value we're going to give it to you i see your hand uh stephanie if you can go ahead and ask your question and maybe stephanie can answer it for you we're also going to throw in the nlp power mastermind mentoring program three-month trial membership and the 10-year archive 594 value we're going to give it to you absolutely free we're going to include the stealth instant conversational hypnosis crash course right. At 997 we're going to give that to you free and. Finally for you super fast action takers for those of you who know you don't want to keep your life the way it is you want something better you want to get live face-to-face with me jump in for that vip super ticket gives your choice of any live event some restrictions do apply if you want to know what those restrictions are just go ahead and call stephanie she'll be happy to tell you uh how that works we're going to give it to you absolutely free.

But only if you sign up before i log off the webinar red dwarf is asking why where the vest at live events i wear live vests at every event i'm looking for a way to upgrade my look. But right. Now the coolest thing i've found your vest. So i'm going to stick with the vests for a while i did a combination of doctor who and uh some other stuff at the.

Last face reading training. So um total package value 11 888 dollars yours for one loan installment today of just 9.97 where you can break it down into three easy installments of 397. all you got to do to get yours is go to www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go and you can be one of the special few to get all of the the master keys to the dreams you want it's my presence to you okay. I hope you do that once again just to recap actually we'll just keep it here for now does anybody have any other questions that i can answer about this package i love doctors. So do i i think i'm trying to find a way to put the tardis on on my stage you can use this info to install it into your own brain quickly absolutely can.

So gd is saying david when is when when there is something we have to do. But we have ptsd about it from past experience how do we break through the fear barrier and take action uh start with the transformational triad starts with point to where you feel it spin it color breathe it magic frame it okay. Uh go to the video um instant emergency pain relief and how to get rid of emotional pain and you'll get those techniques edwin is saying i like the vest very cool all right. All right.

So let me just go ahead and real just really quick um once again review what we've got. Then we're going to go back to training is that okay. Actually let's do a five minute bio break for those of you who need to uh christina's saying genie just do it and learn it when you come to the training christine's been to a lot of our trainings she can tell you from experience she knows what she's doing let's go ahead and take a five minute bio break i'm gonna come back i'm gonna do the recap of the offer and. Then we're gonna jump into more techniques is that cool type yes.

Or yes. Renaissance is asking is this ticket valid for live online courses yes. It is any course that we're doing where i'm actually there teaching whether it's online or in person you can use your vip ticket for all right. So it is 5 49 by my clock let's come back at 5 54. and go ahead and reach out to stephanie www.killerinfluence.com reserve your course i'm going to go you to do a bio break really quick and.

Then i'll come back i'll answer any questions and. Then i'll take you where you guys want to go in terms of this material okay. Okay. Tomino's asking about i checked out the website a couple of times there are offers on attraction courses you can check out okay.

Um let me speak to that really quickly um back in june we had some challenges with our facebook. Accounts our facebook. Advertising and while we were doing audits we we suspected that maybe one of the reasons facebook. Was giving us uh such a hard time was because of some of the attraction products listed on our website.

So what we did was we removed them from the website now i'm not sure to me know when you were actually um on the site they're still archived in the nlp website. But you can't find them if you go to the shopping cart. But they are available for sale and if you re if you want those products if you want to swap things out that's one of the things that i should have mentioned um is if you have some of the products that we've mentioned in the in the webinar package already and you want to swap some out as long as the price points are similar there's no. Problem you can you can actually exchange products and customize your bundle a little bit.

But if you go to the website and you look. For those products renegade romance secrets of speed attraction rapid attraction secrets um [Music] unlimited lover secret orgasm tips all of these yeah if uh if stephanie if you're calling instead and the line is busy um yeah leave a message uh people do call um. But. Anyway if you call stephanie and you ask about those products she can sell them she can put them in your package or she can sell them to you separately if um uh if you want them.

But uh just to make sure that we didn't get our ad accounts banned and things of that nature because they're very very finicky on facebook. And other places we had to take them off the site we will probably do a separate website to archive our attraction and relationship products oh and by the way this is not announced it's only been announced to our internal members in february we're going for the. First time in over five years we are actually doing a four-day attraction mastery class which is a co-ed class for to teach women how to become more attractive and find the right. Kind of guys to teach guys how to talk to women in ways that actually don't creep them out and make them actually like and want to be with you how to find the right.

Kind of partners things of that nature it is you will not find it in our events calendar uh it is something we are promoting internally. But if you want to use your vip ticket for that february class which will be live in las vegas you are welcome to do that okay. So just to recap really quick um there's no. Bundle for those packages directly siri.

But we can probably customize something for you if that's what you want okay. So speak to stephanie and um we'll work on that for you okay. Okay. Okay.

So. Anyway just to recap secrets of human influence homestead ultra persuasion printing package 17 video course um seven stage universal persuasion protocol 2079 value killer influence master text 418 value the nlp power online mastermind mentoring program priceless. But it's a 594 value uh weapons of mass instruction 1950 value renegade reframing seth it's four days there was a typo on the sheet um yeah it was yeah it was a typo uh charisma on command stealth instant conversation hypnosis course 997 dollar value uh the free vip ticket total value 11 888 yours today for one loan installment of just 9.97 or you can break it up into three thaliard is asking is there training for century cutie yes. Every single one of our trainings begins with sensory acuity.

So nlp training will do it cpi will do it um killer influence will do it especially killer influence and. Then we have advanced people reading programs we have body language for fun and profit or people reading for fun and profit we have face reading levels one and two we have face reading and secrets of chinese medical hypnotherapy all of these are sensory acuity based trainings. So um yes. And they are available to you okay.

We'll also be doing more advanced um covert influence stuff uh valiant r is asking i'm also interested in nlp drug of choice you cover that somewhere yes. Erotic erotic hypnosis made easy we teach that technique. So again those videos we had to take off the off the site. But if you ask stephanie about them sensuality enhancement and beyond orgasm should have a version of the erotic or the uh drug of choice technique that you're asking about what are the february dates allegra i don't have them in front of me uh.

But you could ask stephanie she can probably give this to you did i teach the fake news media no. I did not. But they did they did take a few uh a few plays from my book. In fact i've actually trained more intelligence people and and law enforcement people than i have media people all right.

Let's jump back okay. All right. So now that we're back me just make sure there's a okay. We've got some good questions here there's one here that i want to answer really really quickly um this is for shiloh shiloh asks how can a good man and father win back the heart of his strang wife.

First of all there's that's a multi-layered question shiloh and i think it's one it's one that deserves an answer the. First thing you have to determine is if this woman actually wants to come back the. Next thing you would need to do is you would need to find out all the triggers that caused her to fall in love with you in the. First place you would have to remove all the things that triggered her to want to stray these are different levels that you have to address and.

Then you have to reactivate the things that caused her to fall in love with you in the. First place that is not a simple equation i mean it's a simple equation it's not a simple process because there's a lot of techniques that have to go into that a lot of it's going to start with something we began the training with today which is criterion values listation do you in fact have values and ways of getting those values satisfied for you and that are the same as the wife you want to get back because if they're not the same you're going to have to really really work to keep her and there's no. Guarantee it's going to work because she's going to be hungry for apples you're going to be giving her oranges and vice versa okay. One of the things i teach in attraction mastery which we'll be doing in february and we teach this in a lot of our attraction courses is the harder you have to work from the start to make a relationship work the harder you're going to have to work to maintain it and.

So one of the things that has to happen is there has to be a match right. From the beginning between your checklists and theirs their values and yours and if it's not there. However exciting that relationship is initially in the long term it will probably not. Last.

So joseph is asking what do you do when people flip the script on you play back because if they're flipping the script on you chances are they want the same thing you want they want to know you right. Now one of the fastest ways to get flagged or caught with this material in a bad way is if you view it as a trick if you view it as just a technique to get some pull something over on somebody we're going to go into uh we're going to revisit the criterion values process again a little bit more in depth we're going to talk about the echo technique a little bit more in depth and. Then i want to transition we can we have time probably for one one one or two more technique one more technique probably after that that's going to be either the three magic questions or it's going to be the resistance removal protocol i'll let you guys decide which one you want to want that to be. But one of the things that we need to do is we need to stop thinking of the things i'm sharing with you as techniques yes.

They are a technique. But i want you to think of them more as a way of being in other words i want you to adopt these processes as your new normal your new natural way of moving through the world and you'll understand that a bit more when we jump into the echo technique and i get to explain the foundations of everything. But human beings are moving through the world neurologically searching for themselves okay. In other words there's this this concept in psychology known as projection projection is where i have these internal feelings these internal belief systems and i i reflect on them inside and.

Then i project them outside and assume that the way i do it in my own head and the way my own heart is the way everybody else works too it's not true. But we treat people that way and that's why we have problems um getting what we want or getting the people we want it's because we're projecting on to them our normal and assuming their normal is the same as our normal and it isn't if we want to flip that script if we want to find the people who are most fulfilling to us if we want to find a way to interact with people that they come away think man i really like that person i really this i i've when i talked to this person i felt like they really got me like they really understood me like they really paid attention to me and i've never i it's like i've never had that feeling and that's the gift that you have to give to everyone you interact with if if you adopt this methodology as your new normal because what i'm teaching you is the way human beings neurologically want to be communicated with and here's again flipping the script idea again if for example let's stay for let's just pretend for a moment that what i'm saying is 100 true okay. If this the way i'm if what i'm teaching you about is the foundation of the way human beings perceive the most fulfilling level of communication if the way i'm teaching you is what they're always looking for even though they don't know they're looking for it. But you know that and you deliberately do not do it if you deny them that experience of absolutely thrilling and fulfilling communication of being heard and understood and validated and everything that makes them want to be around you if you deny them that who's the [ __ ] now because that's what you're doing if you learn this process and you choose to do anything else when you communicate in the protocol i'm teaching you everyone you meet with very few exceptions usually it's because they have severe psychological issues will literally hang on everywhere they will feel.

So good around you they will they will make excuses to hang out with you longer which by the way is something you have to be careful of because if you're using echo technique and 3mg questions or the criterion values listation process on somebody who has to be somewhere else like oh i don't know a waiter or a waitress they may bring you free desserts. But they also may lose their job because they're not paying attention to anybody else. But you because that's the effect that these communications have those of you who um have used these things on waiters and waitresses bartenders think and people of that type type your experiences in the chat your real world experiences of using echo technique or 3mq or whatever in the chat. So people can see your experiences and and and see it for themselves okay.

Um. So to shop going back to shiloh we need to know who we're dealing with and. Then we have to find out we have to figure out do we really want to be in a relationship with them and. Then who do i have to be to be in that relationship and.

Then how do i communicate that to this other person okay. Are we are we kind of clear with that i hope agnes says the starbucks staff loves me kate says it's pretty amazing that people just brighten up when they talk to you yes. Absolutely 100 you guys are making me. So proud having proud papa moments echo equals power yep very cool all right.

So let's jump into let's go back and um do a real quick review on the echo technique as well as some ways to deploy the echo technique organically in other words how do i assign when i teach people to use the echo technique which really is just using a person's words verbatim okay. That's all the echo technique is. But we don't do it like nlp likes to teach it where you try to copy their tonality their tempo their pacing their volume you don't need to do that all you need to really do is get the words right. And get the order right.

And you're going to be amazed at the response that you get because you only need to get the words right. It gives you tremendous freedom to express their own words in a variety of ways and. So i'm going to teach you the theory behind the echo technique why it's. So important and it's the foundation of what we do and.

Then i'm going to teach you some very cool ways to deploy the echo technique um organically it's not 100 verbatim. But i recommend if this is your. First time and you're. First learning about the echo technique um i want you to do it as close to verbatim word for word from start to finish as possible because that forces your brain to evolve and you'll find yourself able to remember more and more and more of the conversation and echo technique forces you to pay attention somebody was asking about sensory acuity earlier it forces you and it trains you to pay a deeper more gratifying level of attention to the other person than anybody's probably ever given them automatically and.

So people automatically feel heard connected understood they've gotten something that they're almost always denied which is positive attention and that's one of the reasons why this makes you. So magnetic and the best part is especially if you link echo technique with criterion values or three magic questions the longer these people talk to you the more attractive in their world you become. So it automatically stimulates and generates attraction okay. So that's where we're going to go.

Next is that cool yes. Or yes. Okay. And again i don't normally teach um beyond just the verbatim level for echo technique.

But i'm going to share that with you this time just for fun um. So let's go back to our onenote and not what i was looking for open arms there we go let's talk about the echo technique if there were one hypnosis technique that i would teach to everyone regardless of what the context is it would be the echo technique the echo technique allows you to generate let me make this a little bigger maximum attention in minimum time the echo technique literally literally guys and gals it literally forces a person to pay attention to you in spite of what they want what else they might want it is the most powerful and satisfying way for one human being to communicate with another human being okay. It allows you effectively to eliminate the problem making small talk and eliminating boring conversation anybody here hates small talk besides me go ahead and type that in the chat if you hate small talk as much as i do or running out of things to say don't you [ __ ] hate that when you see someone who looks really really interesting and you want to get them interested in you. But you can't think of a freaking interesting thing to say.

So you fall back to cheesy pickup lines or complimenting them about their shoes or some [ __ ] right. The echo technique completely eliminates that problem okay. It'll also it'll also prime it'll prime the subject or the target to just keep talking and as they continue to talk they will give you more and more information about who they are how they view the world what their values and criteria are what their emotional triggers are in such a way that you can actually turn those words around and use them in your conversation small talk is proper lame i agree this will make this will give you a chance one of by the way let me jump back to um non-screen share here's one of the things that that i've noticed about my clients is that they don't like to talk about mundane [ __ ] what i mean by that is like if they're around a bunch of people that aren't into what they're into they have nothing to say they don't want to talk they're not even curious a lot of times about other people. But if you get them around people who have similar interests like when all my students get together it's like a [ __ ] family reunion everybody is.

So excited because they can talk about this stuff without being burned at the stake you know lynched right. Hard and feathered right. They feel at home and all of a sudden the most introverted people become completely extroverted why because they're home the topics are no. Longer mundane or superficial right.

When you start to utilize echo technique and. Then the extension is three magic questions you create that energy you create that bubble and this is how it works for you as a practitioner when you're doing three magic questions you get a chance to practice your techniques when you're deploying the three magic questions with somebody they feel like they found their their tribe because they get to talk about the things that they love the most themselves the things they love to do and. So they're having all of these wonderful feelings while they're talking to you and you don't have to say anything except what they said and ask a few questions and what's beautiful about it is the longer they talk the more attractive you become to them in their world without having to do anything other than smile and ask questions and repeat their words back is that useful right. So for those of you who are introverts this is your chance to bridge right.

It's it's really really cool all right. The the techniques i'm sure one of the reasons that i teach these courses these particular techniques. So often is because i have not found any other techniques on the planet that work as universally as easily and as consistently as these and they're the most ethical and honest could they be used unethically absolutely do you need to do that hell no. You can get everything in life that you want by just asking the right.

Questions and showing people how to get everything they want by doing what you want and showing them how right. But it starts with understanding that every human being on the planet is desperate for attention they're desperate to find their soulmate which is usually their mirror image and that mirror image comes out in their words. So when you use those words back to them it creates that key to lock fit between you and them and their nervous system just orients on you and it doesn't want to give you up. So person says i actually tried it with a spanish-speaking girl in english and it worked wonders yeah yeah that's 100 okay.

So um laura says i don't even realize i'm doing it anymore perfect that's the goal the goal is to get to such a point with this that you just automatically echo people it just comes out right. But you have to go through that training phase. First remember our systems are good. But we can't multiply zeros if you don't put any effort in i have nothing to multiply right.

So grab the courses do the drills get the skills that's our motto right. All right. Let me go back to um some other talking points here and again at the risk of being too apologetic it's not a lot of this is things you already know well you signed up for a webinar you've probably seen 27 times you should be prepared for this right. So this allows you to send very powerful signals of sameness to the other person human beings are looking for themselves in thought word and deed uh it can cause them become progressive more connected and attracted and positively disposed towards you and gives them feelings of validation it will raise your social status in their world we talk about attraction when you come to attraction mastery in february or if you get some of the like rapid attraction secrets course we're going to talk about or or killer influence we talk about the three levels of rapport now you guys remember our universal persuasion protocol we said we have know your outcome control your state get rapport use your language manage the state jump into the process emotionally bond right.

When we start to drill down in the live events and you'll see some of this in your video courses when we start to drill down on the science and art of rapport we actually designate a breakdown report into three separate areas you have classic rapport which is the kind of rapport that nlp teaches sales people learn um ericksonian hypnosis teaches matching and mirroring those kinds of things right. Then you get into what we call kinesthetic rapport kinesthetic rapport is actually a form of electromagnetic biological coherence it's a physiological entrainment of the nervous system that can be measured with instruments if you want to do the research on that you can go to heartmath.org and they have a free ebook. That you can download go to chapter six they'll show you all the experiments on how people sync up okay. That's what we call that's what we consider to be the cadillac level of rapport we want the heartbeat of our heartbeat synchronizing with the brain of another human being creating a actual energetic bridge between their nervous system and ours we call that kinesthetic rapport or coherence you do not need matching and mirroring to get kinesthetic rapport you do need intention it's as reliable as the laws of physics and again if you get cpi one or killer influence one you're going to get trained in that right.

Um the. Next the. Next there's another level of rapport that we talk about not quite as much and one of the reasons that we don't talk about this particular version of rapport is because it's primarily it was designed and developed from the pickup and seduction community it was designed to teach aspiring pickup artists how to create massive charisma out in the field okay. And the technical term is called vibing vibing now works dividing works for women and it works for men it's just women as a rule are usually the prize in most social dynamic situations and.

So they don't have to quite worry about the um the social status aspect as as much as the men do right. But in you know we're doing a co-ed attraction class in february. So for those ladies who want to learn these skills take it to the. Next level as well as how to separate the good ones from the oh hell no.

Ones come out to traction mastery. But vibing has three other components to it it has the kinesthetic rapport that we've talked about it also has a higher activity level or energy level to it and a perceived elevation of social status if you just get classic rapport with people if you just get classic rapport with people. But you don't have the vibe you know there's a higher energy level than them or you don't have the social status that's higher than them you will not generate romantic attraction you will generate trust you will generate um more like a familial connection uh. But you'll almost always wind up in the friend zone because you will not generate the sexual tension that is part of the attraction process does that make sense if you get where i'm going with that just go ahead and type that in cool all right.

So if you want to learn the vibing stuff come to attraction mastery we do talk about it in killer influence uk which is is included in the package. But if you actually want to get the hands-on training uh. Then try to do your best to come to the live event and and we'll we'll guide you through those drills um. But social status is really really important and.

So social status is created whenever the person your presence in a person's world and the importance of it is elevated to such a point that if you left that person would see would feel loss of your app because of your absence one of the byproducts of echo technique and ultimately through magic questions is that it generates that validation phenomena inside the person in other words the longer you let them talk the more you give them their words back to them the more heard understood and approved of they feel and. So what slowly starts to happen is even if you come in with a slightly lower social status as this as a what happens is this starts to happen because that person is getting exactly what they need from you in the exact way that they need it. So it matches their checklist at some point they decide they want you to be part of their world and. Then if you go to leave they feel the hurt they feel the loss of it which shows you you've flipped your social status okay.

Okay. So for training when we're training the echo technique whether you're in class or not i want you to spend as much time repeating a person's words back verbatim as you can okay. Once you've gotten really fluid where you can just turn it on and off like a switch and eventually get to the point where like laura's at where it just comes out and you don't even realize it. Then you can start to play with other ways that you can deploy the technique.

So using this as an example let's say that a real simple sentence the dog is bro or did you know the dog was brown and the very generic sentences because again this can be anything i can make this statement i can when i echo this back if it's if it's if it's in the form of a question i can echo it back verbatim i can say did you know the dog was did you know the dog was brown. So it could literally be something it would sound something like this hey did you know the dog is brown did i know the dog was brown or i could say it as a statement did you know the dog was brown you hear the difference in the up tone versus the down tone. So watch my face when i do this now. So verbatim is someone comes up to me and says did you know the dog was brown i said did you know the dog was brown right.

So i gave he asked it in a question i answered in a form of a question. But i'm it's like i'm repeating back what they said almost as if i'm trying to make sure i heard what they said accurately does that make sense or they come up to me and say hey did you know the dog was brown did you know the dog was brown that's a statement. But can you hear the different can you see it's the same exact words. But now the inflection the tonalities the pacing the energy around it is different remember that the conscious mind pays attention to the content the unconscious mind pays attention to the structure okay.

And one of the things that is a little gatekeeper to the unconscious mind is the sameness filter when it sees something that's the same it matches and it lets it in when it sees something that's different the reptile rears its ugly head and starts to investigate well if you give it enough things that are the same enough it just starts to assume everything else is true it gets lazy goes to sleep right. We'll t we'll teach you that in cpi and killer influence i could uh mine is asking uh you don't say did i know the dog i could say that i could absolutely in fact i did one of the counter examples i gave you uh was did i know the dog was brown right. But i wanted to i wanted i didn't want to confuse people. So i kept it verbatim.

But i could say if the if the the word i'm getting or the phrase i'm getting that i'm going to echo is did you know the dog was brown i could say did i know the dog was brown or did you know the dog was brown right. It's the same exact words. But because i'm doing it with different tonality i'm dealing with a different cadence different inflections it doesn't flag as being the same and. So what happens is for those of you who are getting caught chances are you're getting caught because you're doing a monotone verbatim echo you're not softening you're not asking any questions and you're trying to copy their tonality and the and the substructure of their of their language don't the more conversational you make using the exact words the more powerfully it flies under the radar.

But it still gets you that bridging effect nlp in all of its divine wisdom unfortunately the most powerful communication model in the world can't actually describe itself without confusing the [ __ ] out of people wants you to copy everything verbatim theoretically that works really well. But most people do not have the ability to congruently mimic all of that data all of those levels simultaneously and the beautiful part is you don't need to right. For training we want that to be as exact as we can in application you can you can skin this cat sorry for you animal lovers out there you can skin this cat any number of ways and still get your your outcome and get your effect that you're going for all right. Let me look.

At some other ways that we can do this we can do it as a command or uh we let's let's jump let's skip the command part because that one doesn't really lend itself to um to a command structure. But let's look. At fragments and i love fragments fragments are where we take a piece of the statement and we deploy that with a change in tonality speed inflection or cadence. So i could say.

So the question i'm getting is did you know the dog is brown i could change the inflection i could say did i know the dog was brown. So it would be it would come across like did i know the dog was brown or i could i could i could change the emphasis i can move it from here to here and i could they could the question could be did you know the dog is brown and i could say did you know that dog is brown. So you see how i can start to do you notice how different they sound just type in the type when you hear me say these what do you what do you notice about about what i'm doing right. What i'm doing is simple.

But notice the effect what's it doing oh i'm sorry i think i i shared the wrong screen sorry about that thank you youtubers for letting me know i mean what's going on with our chats here jax is saying can you put a word like yes. I knew the dog is brown yeah you can sherry says you're awesome thank you right. Um and now we can just we can just start to parse it down right. Like did you know the dog is brown the dog is brown or i could say the dog is brown or i could say the dog is brown or i could say the dog or i could just say did you know the dog is brown brown right.

So each of these gives us an effect right. And. So what's beautiful about this is that once we've gotten past the training level where we've developed the bandwidth to parse languaging and this is where i recommend you spend the majority of your time right. Up in here now we can disguise or camouflage using all of these things now for those of you who and everybody encounters this eventually every now and.

Then you'll run into somebody who just talks non-stop they talk. So much you can't remember what they said in those instances all you need to remember is this the. First thing they said and the. Last thing they said we call this sandwiching okay.

When people when people present or go to a workshop or a training or a seminar one of the things you can you can take to the bank is they will remember how you began the event and they will remember how you ended it and they'll kind of lose the stuff in the middle you can apply that same idea to deploying the echo technique in conversation if someone just talks with these huge chunks of verbiage and you can't remember every single thing that they said if you can just remember the. First few things they said and the. Last few things they said you could just sandwich those two together and get your echo effect get the same the same activation of the nervous system as if you did it verbatim again do what they did find a way to connect them okay. Is this useful yes.

Or yes. Okay. All right. Um.

So that's again the echo technique needs to be for you guys i don't care about anybody who's not on our channel i care about you guys right. The echo technique needs to be the staple the backbone of your hypnotic language deployment you want to link that into. So if you have this this is tree that is the echo technique. Then you have the emotional bonding checklist you have the three magic questions protocol and.

Then you have the resistance removal formula right. We're not going to go through all of those on today's webinar christopher stombaugh who is one of the most powerful students i've ever taught with this stuff says this is a graduate course on the echo technique right. So yeah i i think i've i think i've taught this level on the echo technique maybe three times in 10 or 15 years. So you guys are you are getting the graduate course i don't know i don't if you watch my youtube videos where i'm doing the echo technique on people in the audience without them knowing it this is what i'm doing this is what i'm doing pardon me questions on any of this.

So far i see some questions that don't pertain to this material okay. Yeah again allegra's saying this is a great great course and it's great to watch. But it's better to experience allegra alegro's one of my platinum members she's part of our platinum club and um she's been to a ton of these events. So she can tell you firsthand the difference between what we do with with our video what we do with our online events and what we do with.

So this technique is used in hypnosis 100 in fact it's used in more than just hypnosis it's used in hostage negotiation it's used in selling it's used in therapy it's used pretty much anywhere a human being has to positively influence uh another human being uh and it's and it's silent it's valid scientifically proven academic advising laura's an academic advisor. So she knows where this is doing okay. Um resistance removal okay. So where do you want where do you guys i'm we're kind of coming in towards the end of what i have time for i might have time for one more technique where what direction do you guys want to go you want to go into resistance removal you want to go into more criterion values you want to go into three magic questions i can't go i can't promise to go as deep three magic questions resistance removal 3mq resistance removal resistance removal okay.

Oh we're start three magic questions resistance removal okay. Magic questions okay. Big fish is saying fractionation is or the echo technique is used in hostage negotiation uh the echo technique is used in hodgson's negotiation uh fractionation can be used in hostage negotiation um. But echo technique for sure okay.

Okay. So i think i know where we're going i was going to different you guys went in a different direction than i was expecting. But okay. Resistance removal it is before we get into resistance removal i want to give you guys a.

Last chance to kind of jump on that package if you haven't gotten it already uh once again that 17 uh the secret to human influence package remember that that vip ticket goes away when we log off the webinar tonight 17 video actually it's 25 or 27 videos depending on which course you get. So it's actually more than a two thousand seven nine dollar value you get the killer influence master text which is 418 you get the online community which is priceless you get the weapons of mass instruction neuroscientific story secrets for 1950. that's going to give that to you absolutely free you get renegade reframing and objection obliteration speed conversational belief change total value 1 950 we're going to give you the charisma on command hypnotic persuasion skills program one thousand nine hundred and fifty dollars you're gonna get that fast action bonus the stealth instant conversational hypnosis crash course uh valued at 997 dollars we're going to give you the nlp power mastermind practice group trial 594 value and the 10-year archive access to the 10 years of archived video footage as part of that and again we're going to give you that free vip ticket. So for those of you who want to come out to one of our live events and get the in-person training this is going to be the easiest most user-friendly way to do it this tech this vip ticket once you have it you have it until you use it it does not expire it can be used for almost any training that we have um and um yeah. So all you got to do to grab yours is go to www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go you can get all for a total of 11 888 bucks you get it all for one low installment of 997 or you can break that up if you want into three easy installments of 397. all you got to do is go to www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go um and if you want to cash in that vip ticket for um for the attraction mastery four-day event you're more than welcome to do that um if there's any if you have some of the programs listed here uh you can swap it out for something of equal or lesser value to customize your program um just reach out to stephanie stephanie at nlpower.com or go to 858 282 282-4663 that's uh eight five eight two four six six three stephanie nlp power.com okay.

Let's talk about the resistance removal formula okay. So when we talk about the resistance removal formula the textbook. From which this material is is modified from is a book. Called instant influence by dr michael pantalone he was a researcher out at stanford now this is not his exact protocol i applied my theory of analogy and the nerve in the hierarchy of the nervous system to his um this protocol and i've actually used a variant of this protocol to actually remove pain from people.

So it's not just something that can be used for arguments or resistance. But this particular process this particular protocol let me jump back to this this particular protocol was designed specifically for conflict resolution it was designed to prime the target the subject to generate their own personal emotional reasons for doing something they just said categorically they didn't want to do does that make sense. So if you're doing any kind of therapy like addictions or smoke cessation or weight control things where people are not necessarily really motivated to want to change. But people are on their case to change that's where this protocol comes in if you're having trouble getting over a relationship you can actually i've actually used this to help a um i actually use this to help a guy get over his girlfriend because he was just hooked he kept ruminating on um you know the breakup and i just ran through this protocol with him conversationally he goes wow dude wow i'm done with it thank you thank you he was like shocked right.

And all i did was talk to him okay. So the most important thing to remember when we talk about resistance to what we want them to do a if you're getting resistance the. First thing that's probably not happened is you haven't elicited their criteria in values you understand that if you're getting a lot of resistance you probably missed the criterion values. But every now and.

Then you're going to be put in situations where the person's already on their defensive they're already looking for someone who's trying to persuade them does that make sense it's like you've heard somebody going back and forth about something for hours and the person comes out says can you talk to this sob and convin and get them to [ __ ] go along with us right. You've ever had that kind of a situation right. This is where what i'm about to tell you is the most important piece when somebody's autonomy their sense of personal choice is attacked they become reactant they become defensive in other words they don't care who you are if they've just spent the. Last 15 minutes defending a position their their conscious mind has.

So locked in to maintaining that position as a way of maintaining their freedom that they will say no. Regardless of the logic that you prevent present are you are you with me. So far okay. So the.

First thing that has to happen is state control for you and for them here's what i mean there's a word you're going to hear me use a lot it's called autonomy autonomy is literally self-choice self-direction when people feel their sense of autonomy their personal freedom of choice is threatened they become reactant and that reactance is a defense mechanism. So ironically the. First thing that you have to do to get people to do what you want them to do is communicate to them that it's okay. To not do it you must for all intents and purposes restore personal autonomy.

So let me let me show you what this looks like we'll use a hypnosis example it doesn't have to be. But let's just use a hypnosis example for to start someone comes in to you as a therapist they want to quit smoking right. And you can see that the person's is not there because they want to quit smoking they're there because someone in their family wants them to quit smoking. So the.

First thing you must do as an influencer is you must change your state you must become a cheerleader you must become their personal cheerleader and they're a personal fan and the way this works is hey look. I get you don't want to quit and i'm not here i know you're here because your wife or your daughter or your sister your mother wants you to quit. But you know what if you don't want to quit i'll help you not quit i'm not here for them i'm here for you and if you want to actually learn to enjoy smoking better i'll do that for you because i'm your guy i'm here for you right. So if you don't want to quit smoking i'm not gonna force you to smoke i'm not gonna try to convince you to quit smoking right.

I will help you be a better smoker if that's what you want. However i'm curious for me personally if you were to want to quit smoking for you not your mom not your sister not your wife not your kids not your grandma not because the experts say you should quit if you were to want to quit for you for your own reasons why why might you want to quit smoking now they're going to give you something right. If if you've taken the time to restore their sense of personal autonomy if you've if you've conveyed to them the signal that they don't they're okay. They're not broken they're not doing something wrong they're not an [ __ ] for wanting to change for not wanting to change for not wanting to give it up and you're going to support them no.

Matter what if you've effectively communicated that and echoing their words goes a long way towards that by the way okay. Then what you'll get is well you know i could really really like to stop having yellow teeth you know that that didn't been really kind of a it's kind of a drain on my [ __ ] budget right. And you look. At him with a sincere open heart if you open the open heart trust trigger that's where this comes in stained teeth i get it i totally get it i drink a lot of coffee my teeth are always stained and i'm i know i know how much cigarettes cost because i used to be you know i used to be big into junk food and buying lots of kid cats and stuff like that.

So i know those kind of habits with the kind of financial chaos that those things can wreak. So i'm curious just. So i understand you better if you were to want to quit smoking for those reasons for you know getting rid of the yellow stained teeth and and you know taking it easy on your budget scale of zero to ten how much might you want to do that just for fun how much and i'll go four or five here's where it gets fun you look. At him you go oh four or five wow i'm curious why.

So much why didn't you rate it less and they're going to go huh because they're expecting you to say why didn't you rate it more. But you don't you say why didn't you rate it less they're going to do a double take you may have to re-ask the question because sometimes they'll answer the question they thought you asked rather than the actual question they'll say well well because i don't like yellow teeth and and i i'd like to buy some new clothes and not smell like cigarettes all the time excellent. So you like to buy new you know you'd like to not have yellow teeth and buy some new clothes and not smell like cigarettes all the time. So i'm curious what steps do we need to take to get you you know to get those teeth cleaned and get your budget done and and and you know get the clothes you want and stop smelling like cigarettes well i guess we we'd have to figure out how to set an appointment or something okay.

Let's go ahead and do that now did you notice what happened there what did you notice what did you hear right. Did you notice again he generated everything the moment i asked him why he didn't rate it more or why he didn't rate it less he consciously had to defend his rationale for wanting to do it it's the exact same process that the [ __ ] persuader was doing by trying to brow beat him into wanting to change okay. We'll show you the mechanics of it. But basically and eighty percent of the words i used were the same words that came out of the subject's mouth did you notice that part okay.

So let's look. At the whole process hold on a. Second. So.

So the. First thing you got to do is you've got to give them back their sense of personal autonomy okay. Then you're going to ask if you were to want to do x y might keyword here why might you want to do that whatever they say oops whatever they say you're going to agree with it you're going to repeat it and you're going to ask your. Next question okay.

And. Then when he gives you his answers you repeat it back you say on a scale of zero to ten how much might you want to do that he's going to give you a number and it does not matter if he gives you a 1 or a 10. you echo validate means you agree and you ask again a simple question my questions usually come down to what's the. Next step we need to take to do that or get started many times i'll ask and i do this a lot in my consults as i'll say how soon do you want to get started this protocol is solid gold okay. You must have good state control you must be their advocate you must communicate to the client that whatever decision they make is a thousand percent okay.

And you support it no. Matter what okay. Okay. Some of the um.

So these are some other ways that you can do it. So you can validate soften. So i'm curious this is a softener and again if you come when you when you get your when you open up your um your killer influence course or your cpi course um you will get an a deep dive into softeners. So i'm curious why.

So much why didn't you rate it less what's the. Next step we need to take to move forward or how soon you want to get started looks like i repeated myself here okay. Exactly the most powerful the most powerful reasons a person can have for doing what you want them to do are the reasons they make up bernardini's asking is it counterproductive to try manifestation exercises with the same objection in our objective in mind no. Not at all there's a lot of ways that you can utilize this particular protocol for yourself it's a great motivator.

But it's specifically designed to be used on people who just said no. I don't want to do that okay. Now i have other variations that i teach in other classes where we combine this with the criteria and values and. Then all of a sudden people are salivating to do the thing that they just said they didn't want to do.

But this is the basic nuts and bolts foundation of the resistance removal formula okay. If you come to like something like identity by design or um real world trauma resolution or nlp or teaching you the consultation processes we use to vet students and vet clients this is a this is an integral part of our 30-minute consultation process because we want to get all of the client 100 on board we want them to generate an emotional reason for wanting to do the things they said they want to do and if you can't get somebody emotionally invested in in making that change they're going to drop out they're not going to go through it yeah again the worst thing you can do is try to get creative with this right. But do you see 50 000 foot view do you see how the echo technique leads into everything and if you understand advanced social dynamics conversational dynamics how you can weave from one to the other to the other and back in a you know whatever that thing is i'm thinking about right. When in doubt echo it out any questions about this okay.

Cool well that being said um it's about that time. So for those of you who are on the fence about the secrets of human influence process or that vip super ticket for lack of a better word you get the secrets of human influence home study course 2079 dollar value you're gonna get the secrets of human influence killer influence master texts it's over 200 pages of stuff we're going to 418 value we're going to give that to you free uh you're going to get weapons of mass instruction 950. value we're going to give it to you free objection obliteration 1 950 value we're going to give that to you free charisma conversion that's our hypnotic presentation skills for speakers and presenters 1 950 value we're going to give that to you free nlp power mastermind mentoring program 594 value plus the 10-year archive which is ridiculous it's actually way more than 594 dollars uh we're gonna give that to you free we're going to give you the stealth instant conversation hypnosis crash course 997 we're going to give it to you free and we're going to give you that free vip super ticket if you were one of the. First 15 people to actually grab the secrets of human influence super package and all you got to do to grab yours you can get it all for it's a total of 11 888 in value and as you can see i just showed you a couple of choice techniques i just showed you three pieces of one of these courses and you can see what you can do imagine what you can do with the entire system you can get it all plus you get to work with me personally for one long installment of just 9.97 or you can do it in three easy installments of just 3.97 we're going to work with you on that stephanie's very very good at helping people afford this. So uh if you have if you have some you know if you want to avoid duplicates of this course you can substitute out uh you know something that's of equal or lesser value if you want to trade in that vip ticket for another video course you can if you want to gift that vip ticket to somebody who can actually make the live event you can do that too it's your ticket and you have it until you use it right.

But i want you to have the lives you dreamed of i want you to have something today that you can go out into the world and just kick ass and you by your standards not by mine right. And if you just took. Out the echo technique if you got nothing. But the echo technique from this training you are already miles ahead of the competition if you've got echo technique and the criterion value solicitation you are tens of miles ahead if you've got echo technique criterion values and resistance removal it's ridiculous there should be no.

Reason why you get a no. If you've deployed them properly right. So that's just part of what we've got and all you got to do to get started today is just go to www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go reach out to stephanie at 858-2824 or you can reach her at stephanie nlpower.com by the way if you call and the line is busy it's because people are rushing to buy or get their package before i sign off. So if you leave a message we will count you as having taken action during the webinar.

But i believe her her her messages are time stamped. So we will know when you called everything we do is based on pacific time. So do the math any other questions that i can answer for all you folks did we have a good time did you learn some cool stuff right. Well in the words of the in the words of the immortal carol burnett i'm.

So glad we had this time together just to have a laugh or sing a song seems we just got started and before you know it comes the time we have to say. So long i love you all good night and god bless and i hope to see you in a bright. Shiny new 2021 with a brand new life based on using these skills to get everything you want the way that you want it my deepest fondest wishes for a healthy happy safe holiday and new years i love you all maybe we'll see you soon on some of our platinum stations. But if not good night and god bless make sure you grab your course before you go www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go.
