Title: How Persuade Anyone To Do Anything You Want... Even If They Say NO!
File Name: x_41w3lI6vU.txt
Video Id: x_41w3lI6vU
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x_41w3lI6vU

Hello hello hello everyone this is. Dr. David checking in actually give me just one minute because. I have well actually no.

I don't need to we're already streaming to our. Zoom. So this is going out to all of our friends and brothers and sisters out there in. Planet.

David land those of you passing by on the. YouTube channel we got about 13 minutes 30 seconds until go time tonight's uh topic will be secrets of human influence how to ethically persuade people to believe what you say do what you want have them literally salivating to do anything that you ask them to do now that sounds like a brag. But if you do this stuff right. That's exactly what can happen as is my tradition before we log on.

I usually like to get in there a few minutes ahead of time give you guys a few of little bit of uh what. I call the pregame warm-up where we talk about um the format for tonight's webinar things that you're going to want to need and do and prepare beforehand to make the most out of tonight's training and tonight's training is an in-depth training into some of the things. I teach most often that give you the biggest bang in or the biggest bump up in your ability to persuade and influence other people uh to do to get the most out of this you're going to want to bring a great attitude a sincere desire to roll up your sleeves do some drills and get some skills uh if you're used to our uh you know the average webinar format where they tease you for 90 minutes and. Then spend the.

Next two hours uh reminding you to just buy their stuff that's probably you're going to be a little bit disappointed that's not where we go uh our webinar formats tend to go long. So uh expect to have around uh anywhere from two to three hours of content we divide our webinars up into three specific phases of our webinar uh to maximize your learning and opportunity the. First phase is phase one we talk we call at the foundations phase where we give you the most powerful actionable methods to start creating very very effective transformations in your life okay. So phase one usually lasts about 60.

Minutes give or take uh. Then we go into phase two which is. Next steps how do we level up how do we take the things we're getting in this webinar build on them take them even further that lasts about 30 35 minutes. Then we're going to circle back into phase three phase three of our webinar is what we call the applications phase and this is where we actually begin to customize the content of your web of this webinar to be exactly what you as a group want to focus in on do you want to focus on.

Resistance removal do you want to focus on emotional bonding do you want to focus on overcoming objections do you want to focus on chemistry connection and attraction do you want to discover. Li detection skills whatever it is that you as a group want to learn about we will pull the techniques out of our curriculums and for the. Next 35 45 minutes. However long it is in phase three we're going to drill down on that lucky one is asking what about manifesting tonight's class is about influence it's about human influence in intrapersonal influence interpersonal influence we may if if enough people want to talk about transpersonal influence we can do that.

But we usually. Reserve those topics for other webinars. But be on the lookout because there will be some uh some brand new webinar topics coming up that will be focusing on energetics spirituality uh manifestation and those kinds of applications. But today it's really about how to get in people's heads and hearts and stay there and how to and once you're in their head or in their heart what do you actually do to get them to want to do the things that you want them to do and feel absolutely good about it in an ethical honest and.

Powerful way okay. And one of the things. I often tell people in regards to to. Lucky one's question about manifestation one of the things you need to understand is that for everything you do in the in the non-local universe where you're creating the mindset and you're putting it out there into the universe you're waiting for it to manifest you need to create a physical pathway in this world in this vibrational plane for those things to manifest and one of the problems that people often run into when they're trying to create that pathway is they don't have the requisite skill set to manifest those things quicker right.

And that's actually one of the reasons that a lot of times your manifestations don't materialize as quickly as you would like to because in order for the things you want to manifest to happen you have to be become the vessel that is capable of expressing it and receiving it and. So one of the things that we do when we try to teach these more esoteric sides of things is we try to give you the skill sets to go out and physically be the person who can have those things and that's what tonight's webinar is really about tonight's webinar is about developing a skill set within yourself that actually kind of acts like manifestation lubrication it allows people to do the things you need or want them to do in a way that's istic healthy ethical and honest okay. It's a really really powerful skill set and tonight is going to be about simple little tweaks that you can make to your way of living your way of communicating that grease the slide. So to speak.

So that more people will do what you say believe in you and do what you want them to do okay. So make sure you have things to write on and right. With make sure you have lots of caffeinated caffeinated. Beverages and oxytocin stimulating substances.

So that you have the high level of neuroplasticity to absorb all this information um if you have questions and. I know that you will. I'm going to teach you when when we log on to the webinar. I'm going to go over three different ways that you can actually get your questions answered in the shortest amount of time possible okay.

You're going to want to stay on till the end of the webinar because as always we have super special gifts and opportunities available for people who stay all the way on until the end if you know somebody who's getting turned down refused rejected feels lonely overwhelmed overlooked not seen um send them the link to this webinar because. I promise you if you stay on till the end you're going to come away with a handful of powerful simple things that you can do to create amazing amounts of. Charisma chemistry and connection with the people who matter in your world and in everybody else's. Anyway this is.

Dr. David. I will see you in about seven and a half minutes. I love you all get ready to have some fun do the drills and get the skills we will see you really really soon take care hello hello hello everyone this is.

Dr. David checking in hold on a. Second let me get off a screen share here uh there we go cool all right. Man.

I look. Kind of small in this picture let me change that. Holy am. I better now bigger than life welcome welcome welcome welcome to.

Secrets of human influence uh human secrets for ethical persuasion influence how to literally have people salivating to believe what you say do what you want and find you irresistible in many different ways. I'll be your host for the. Next two and a half to three hours. I'm.

Dr. David. Snider and for the. Last 20 years.

I've been one of the world's leading authorities and recognized as one of the world's leading. Authorities on persuasion influence conversational hypnosis and a whole lot of other things for the. Last four or five years. I've been named one of the top.

NLP trainers in the world by gurus. org. I've authored two of the world's best uh highest rated programs on neurolinguistic programming and tonight we're going to explore some of the most powerful ways for you to move through the world getting people to believe what you say do what you want and hear yes. A whole lot more often now the best part about tonight's training is there's no. Theory involved here everything that we're going to be sharing with you is proven not just um in terms of evidence-based in other words there's there's there's studies and there's science and there's a whole bunch of stuff that validates the things we're going to be sharing with you.

But. I got to tell you that the scientific stuff came afterwards we spent literally two and a half maybe three decades field testing the information me personally field testing the information that you're going to receive tonight the best part about the things you're going to learn is you don't even need to believe a single thing that. I going to share with you tonight you don't need to to to have a a doctorate in. Behavioral.

Sciences or psychology or anything like that even if you're fascinated by it all you need are a few key principles a few key. Concepts and the ability in the opportunity to roll up your sleeves and have the experience um that's the best part and that's why. I would you know for those of you who are here during my pregame warmup. I was asking how many people are brand new to.

Planet. David how many people are veterans the reason is is because for those of you who are brand new you have no. Clue who. I am you have no.

Idea where my background whether my background is complete or if. I'm actually underplaying or or under promoting my background in my. Fields uh in this. But you're here for one very very very specific reason you want results you want you have things you want in this world you have things you want to accomplish people you want to attract or get to know better or to to do things for you or with you and you're looking for fast effective ways to make that happen for you right.

And. So for those of you who are brand new who don't know me hang on to your hats because if you follow my instructions and my directions you're going to come away with a handful of solid hardcore. Real. World skills that you can use right.

Away like right. After this if you learn it you can use it during the webinar if you you want to split your attention. But most importantly. I don't want you to take my word for it.

I want you to do the drills that. I'm going to guide you through. However weird they may be and have the experience for yourself you're going to have questions tonight as we go through the training and that's normal. I love questions anybody who's ever watched my early.

YouTube videos right. You'll know. I love questions. But a lot of times those questions tend to derail or take us off on tangents.

So we've we've kind of zeroed down or kind of holding down our question answering process a little bit it's a little bit more rigid than some of you might might be you know uh happy with. But the the reason for that is to make sure that we deliver the content you came to this webinar uh to get and and to and teach you a very very clear path to take your skills even further okay. But again if you're we're not a we're not a. Comm community of people and we have over 200,000 people who have subscribed to the channel not just and that's not counting the people in our newsletters and our other social media platforms over 200,000 people are logging into this stuff every day and they're applying these skills and getting real world results.

So we're going to take you through the bread andb butter techniques we're going to introduce you to the systems that are that those things come from and we're going to show you how to take it to the. Next level one of the cool things about what you're going to be learning tonight is that uh if this is the scope of everything thing that there is to learn we have time for this. But in the realm of persuasion and influence even a little bit of information applied well can yield megat tons literally megat tons of results in your life okay. And the best part is like.

I said you don't got to believe any of all right. So let's make sure that we're all in the right. Place all right. I'm going to take you as far as.

I can in the time that we have okay. There's um and. I'm going to point you in the direction of where to go to level up is that a fair trade if. I if.

I can just focus in on you and and the things you need and want for the. Next two and a half to three hours and. Then point you in the direction of how to level it up to take it even further is that fair can we can we agree to do that excellent. So with that spirit in mind the spirit of sharing and caring let's begin to delve into the fields of human influence and persuasion.

But let's make sure that you're in the right. Place. So. I'm going to ask you guys a bunch of questions if you can answer yes.

To any of the following questions. Then you're in the right. Place if you can't answer yes. To to at least two or three of these this is probably not the best use of your time.

So let me ask you a real quick question how many of you would like to become more. Charming attractive and fascinating to the people you meet just type that's me in the chat we'll go from there right. How many of you would like to banish fear and insecurity from your life maybe move through the world carrying a little bit more of an energetic radiant aura that people just naturally find themselves being drawn to being more assertive maybe maybe being less afraid if how many of you would like yeah how many of you would like by show of that's me in the chat to be able to have the tools to protect yourself from being manipulated from being the target of unscrupulous marketers narcissistic manipulative a-holes con artists human trafficers and all those other persuasion predators that are out there if that's you raise your hand and and and put that put that in the chat okay. Because.

I promise you if you pay attention and you listen really carefully you're. G to come away with some very powerful ways that you can start to detect and understand when people are trying to manipulate you okay. And the techniques that you'll be learning will actually help you to uh. Safeguard against that in ways that you wouldn't even believe right.

Uh if. You' like to have people thinking feeling and acting the way you want them to. So that they naturally want to follow your lead without bullying or coercion or having to be. P super ultra argumentative right.

If you like the hear yes. More often type that's to me in the chat okay. If you'd like to use these skills in an ethical honest way to create massive. Financial abundance for yourself with more than enough money to buy the things you truly want and.

Then some go ahead and type that's for me in the chat if you've ever been worried about getting a job or or your. Next performance review and you want to nail those reviews and that per and those drills two out of three times if not more go ahead and type that in the chat if you're in a leadership position or a management position or even in a family position and you want to learn to inspire and motivate and create powerful motivated successful teams that take that help you achieve your goals and your company's goals go ahead and type that in the chat right. If you'd like to surround yourself with the right. People a community of friends and.

Associates and colleagues that are trustworthy and loyal and supportive in the ways you want and need them to be and the way that you really need it go ahead and type that in the chat because those are all the things that are more than easily possible with the skills with just the skills you're going to get from tonight's webinar much less the systems that they're they come from okay. Uh if you if you've ever fantasized now this is again this gets a little bit more um how can. I say this a little bit more comic bookish a little bit more uh. Seng goish if you ever fantasized about having the magical ability to kind of put people under your spell right.

If. I were if. I were playing. Dungeons and.

Dragons. I would say cast the charm spell on people right. This is probably one of the most powerful courses or you know free events you'll ever attend all right. So if you answered two two or more yeses to any of this you are in the right.

Place okay. And. I want to just let you know that that's true for you okay. So uh let's talk about the very.

First thing that uh we need to understand when we begin the. Art and. Science of persuasive influence. First of all let me give you my disclaimer if.

Politically. Incorrect language colorful metaphors swearing or the word boobies offends you this is probably not the best use of your time right. Um my goal is never to offend anyone. But my particular style of presentation can be very provocative especially if you have a lot of sensitivities.

So. I want you to understand right. Up front that if something. I say does provoke an over-the-top emotional response in you and.

So you may. I and. I get that you may not ex you not perceive it as being over the toop that is about something inside of you that needs to be resolved. I want you to point to where you feel at draw write it down on a piece of paper and ask yourself the question when was the very.

First time you ever felt that way and who was it with because. I promise you the. First thing that pops up into your head won't be me right. Don't believe me just follow that process if something.

I say kind of makes you feel a little in inside right. Um because we have courses on how to find that stuff that's holding you back and let and and moves you forward. But you're going to become very as you as you journey through. Planet.

David you're going to become more and more familiar with the most important person on the planet that you need to influence and that person is you okay. So. First thing you're gonna need to be successful a good attitude something to write with something to write on now. I get that a lot of you want to type because we're conditioned to keyboards.

But. I promise you that if you take the time to physically write out the things. I'm going to ask you to write out out you're going to experience a much deeper level of neurological engagement and with that neurological engagement comes an access to parts of your mind and body that are usually on autopilot that you don't normally get into okay. So you're.

G to have questions. I get that there's three ways you're going to get your questions answered a type it in the chat if it's relevant to where we are in the webinar. Then. I will happily answer that question if.

I see it and there's a lot of people in the chat and the chat's by really fast. So there's a good chance that. I won't see it. But if.

I see it and it's relevant to where we are in the webinar it's not going to take us too far a field. I'm happy to answer that question if. I miss it or it's or you know. I just keep talking keep asking the question if.

I see it. I'll answer it if not you're just. GNA have to wait. I'll show you the other two ways to get that now earlier.

I asked how many veterans do we have in. Planet. David how many new person new people do we have in. Planet.

David my veterans you're going to be my assistants tonight okay. If you see someone in in the chat asking a question that you have direct experience answering using the technologies that we teach in a way that doesn't distract or take away too much attention from the presentation tonight. I want you to just message those people and answer that question for them people expect me to tell you our our stuff is the greatest thing since sliced bread that's kind of the the bias going in whenever you go into somebody's webinar you expect them to be pimping and promoting all their stuff. I don't want you to believe me folks.

I want you to believe the people in the chat the people who've actually had some skin in the game and are out there every day using these skills to make their lives better okay. With these skills it is not uncommon to up your closing rates and your conversion rates 40 50 60 75% depending on what your what. Your persuasion game currently is right. The best part about all the things.

I'm going to share with you tonight is they are completely 100% ethical they're actually based on the way human beings actually truly on a biological evolutionary socially programmed level want to be communicated with and if you do this effectively you can literally have people salivating to do what you want them to do for their very own reasons and loving you for it in as little as 20 minutes sometimes even faster okay. So again. I don't want you to believe me. I just want you to do the drills and um experience the things for yourself okay.

Are we are we cool with those ground rules. So far yes. Or yes. Type it in the chat by the way.

I have to warn you upfront that my particular presentation style is extremely interactive. So the more interactive you become with me the more powerful these learnings will sink in with you right. People often ask me. David how can you talk for three and a half four hours straight and be and have the audience completely and totally engaged it's because of the interactiveness of how we teach this is how human beings.

Were. Meant to learn right. And. So that's part of it you're you're my partner in this exercise.

I'm your. Mentor. I'm your guide and if you follow the instructions you're going to have experiences those experiences are going to open. Windows and.

Doors in your mind that allow you to access skills and abilities that have largely been outside of your conscious awareness and even if they were you were consciously aware of them you may not have had the the neurological. Pathways opened to allow you to access those okay. So let's see if this. I.

I'm going down my checklist in my mind because. I hate doing. PowerPoints. I have a whole.

PowerPoint right. Here and a whole onee thing which. I absolutely hate using because you ever heard this expression. Death by.

PowerPoint right. Now when it's appropriate and when it's important to your learning. I'm going to go to the. PowerPoint.

But that's kind of where we're going okay. Seth says. I've been around a while yes. You have.

Seth more people recognize the back of. Seth's head. Then recognize the front of mine right. Um haven't seen you in a while brother good to see you um okay.

So let's talk about where does this material come from uh and for that. I'm going to jump to my. PowerPoint really really quick and. Then.

I'm going to come right. Back out of it okay. Um let's see here. So the material that we're going to talk about tonight is based on what you're seeing here is uh a letter from uh.

Global gurus this is uh this is from 2020. I was named the number one. NLP trainer in the world by global gurus. org now just. So you know.

I have been in the top two slots. I've been in number one or number two for the past six or seven years. So this is not something that was a oneandone right. Uh the other.

I want you to understand is the. C the techniques you're going to be learning from come from two courses that. I created one is called killer influence uh secrets of covert hypnosis the other is called defense against the dark arts both of which were named the top. NLP training programs in the world from 2020 through 2023 okay.

So what you're seeing here is a letter from. Global gurus telling me that my programs uh have been have been named the number one. NLP programs in the world. So this is the the.

The. Cutting. Edge stuff okay. This is a a little screenshot of our our page.

So you see our our our ranking up here okay. This is a little bit more my background. So for those of you who are martial artists. I'm with you for those of you who are into energetics.

I'm with you right. You can see. I have more energy healing credentials than. McDonald sells hamburgers.

I have a lot of years of martial arts training and believe it or not my martial arts training is actually where. I got deep into applied neural listic programming. I got into it for the purpose of performance enhancement getting better at physical skills using the mind that was actually where. I started if you'd have told me and.

I'm. G to jump out on my. PowerPoint for this if you'd have told me 40 years ago that. I'd wind up in a.

Clinic in salana. Beach. California for 15 years treating physiological illness caused by repressed emotion well to be honest. I have laughed at you right.

Because at the time and. I got into. NLP and hypnosis and and all these things there were only three or four things two or three things. I really wanted in the world one was to be able to kick butt get chicks and be cool that was those were my values at the time now the interesting thing that happens to people as they get answers to their problems and they they work those solutions they start to evolve and that's what'll happen with you too you've all come in because there's some kind of.

Randomness in your life that you want control over that you want to you want to take the random this out of your life would that be true how many are here because they want more by a show of hands how many of you would like to have more chaos in your life and by show and just say if if there if the answer is hell no. Just type hell no. Right. Right.

How many of you would like to have take the randomness out to make your results more consistent and in your favor if you if that's true for you say hell yes. Okay. Then we're in the right. Place right.

So um let me go ahead and jump to my notes here. So. I can make sure that um okay. So when we look.

At when you look. At my. CV and you see all the things that. I've done and the things that.

I worked on and see like that one of the things that often happens is people say man his his resume is really long is he trying to compensate for something or what well only those of you who either my wife or have been in my gym class know the answer to that one. But if you stay until the end of the webinar. I can promise you uh that you will get certain things as a byproduct of tonight's training okay. First of all.

I'm going to share with you the fastest most powerful and ethical way to influence anyone to like love and trust you and maybe even obey you to a ridiculous degree. I'm. GNA. I promise you you will learn how to do that.

I want to teach you in very very specific ways literally how to have people hanging on your every word like they can't wait to hear what you're going to say. Next and they're going to find you the most fascinating conversationalist they've ever met right. If you're somebody who's terrified or hates small talk like. I do if you're always struggling for the right.

Thing to say at the right. Time what if we could eliminate 99% of that just like that would that be useful yes. Or yes. Okay.

Stay tuned because you're going to get the answer to that in part one of tonight's webinar not to mention what we're going to do in. Parts two and three okay. If you'd like to have people literally salivating to do what you want them to do you're going to want to stay on until the end of tonight's webinar. So you get the full the full opportunity okay.

If you'd like to have more emotional control of yourself and. Then extend that emotional influence to other people if you'd like to be able to remove resistance to your influence what if you had the ability think about this imagine this for a moment what if you had the ability to take someone who just told you they did not want to do something and in the space of five to 10 minutes have them actually wanting to do it and giving you the very reasons that they want to do the thing they just said they didn't want to do would that be useful okay. It's coming okay. But only if you stay till the end of the webinar okay.

Um if you'd like to have the exact steps necessary to go from interesting information to. Unstoppable persuasion and communication skills you're going to want to stay on the at the end of tonight's webinar okay. That's what it's about. So let's talk about one of the very.

First things. I want you to write down. So now this is again where you have to do something okay. I want to give you something called the universal persuasion protocol we call it the up in.

CPI we call itpp and killer influence now what is important about this this up this. Universal persuasion protocol is a. Formula it's like a recipe that you follow in any situation or circumstance where you don't know what to do. But you have to wield the maximum level of influence humanly possible you whip out this template and you fill in the blanks with the techniques and tools that you know and understand that fill each category okay.

So on a sheet of paper. I want you to write one through seven okay. 1 through 7 the. First one is know your outcome right.

This in in uh chapter one of our killer influence training one of the. First things we talk about is how to think like a master of influence persuasion professionals and people who persuade others for a living have a slightly different way of thinking about communication and interactions than the average person they're very very outcome driven and. So when they enter an interaction they they they're going in already knowing. What specifically it is that they want to accomplish.

So step one of the universal persuasion protocol is know your outcome now under that you're going to write one one is know your outcome under that you're going to write a little you're. G to indent like a bullet point and you're going to put 1B and how you know it other words how you know you're getting it it's not enough to know what you want you have to have a way to measure what you're getting are you moving toward. W your goal or are you moving away from your goal many many years ago when. I.

First started working in the. Internet space the information product space the very. First course that. I put out was a course called secret orgasm tips.

I wrote it under the name. David vanar you can. Google it if you want to um and it was a bestselling program that targeted sexuality how to be any lovers male or female any lovers ideal partner the. First time you were together that course is still available for those of you who are interested now the reason.

I'm talking to you about that is because one of the very one of the most important chapters in that course was this this idea that people have a checklist for what they want and how they know they're getting it and the way that you do that is the most important attribute for that is sensory cuity the ability to pay attention because if you can pay attention to people properly they will literally verbally or non-verbally usually verbally by the way give you all the information that you need to influence them to do what you want them to do now. I'm not going to teach you seven months of intense conversation hypnosis training. I'm going to distill it down to a few key things that if you just do this this this and this boom you're gonna get your outcome right. And if you want to go world class with your skills.

I'll show you how to take that. Next step. But the. First thing you want to do is you want to know what you want and you've got to know if you're getting it or not.

So there has to be a way for you to measure the influence that you're exerting is it moving you towards your goal or away from your goal does that make sense now if you're if you're one of those people and. I'm not going to point fingers. I'm not gonna. I'm not going to try and um mind read shame you or anything like that for those of you with.

NLP backgrounds you know what. I'm talking about if you're one of those people who says. I'll know it when. I see it you're probably going to miss it okay.

You want to delineate in your very own mind a very succinct and very distinct way that you're going to know what you're getting how that person is going to respond when they're moving towards what you want versus when they're moving away from what you want okay. And how you will calibrate it right. One of the things you learn in the advanced trainings and killer influence and and all the other trainings is how to tell when people are moving towards something or away from something by their body shifts their people dilation all these other cool things right. Most of you don't have the and again.

I'm not not saying this to be demeaning or meaning or. I'm assuming that everybody coming in is a novice and. So. I make that assumption right.

And. So. I'm again. I'm not trying to demean you or say you don't have skills.

But. I have to make the assumption that you don't. So that. I can teach all of you to level the playing field right.

If you have 20 years of. NLP experience this is going to sound sometimes sometimes it'll sound a little overly simplistic. But. I'm going to give you a little little clue right.

Up front sometimes the most powerful and profound things you will ever learn are also the simplest okay. So level one of that seven. Stage. Formula the universal persuasion protocol is know your outcome and how you're getting it okay.

If that's if you don't have that you got a non-starter the. Next thing is number two on your up diagram is going to be control your state in other words what emotional state are you in right. Now and what emotional state do you need to be in to become the person that can. EXP.

Express themsel in the way that the person or persons you're seeking to influence do the appropriate thing okay. Let me let me again go through that in a slightly different worded way who do you need to be who do you need to be in order for the person you're seeking to influence to become who you need them to be right. Now everything human being here's a little sidebar this is something you should write down because it's true whether you whether you know the universal persuasion protocol or not everything human beings do is in response to a feeling it's either a feeling they want more of or a feeling they want a whole lot less of in. NLP parlament we would say people are moving towards things that make them feel good and away from things that make them feel bad now the intensity of those feelings sometimes they're conscious of them and sometimes they're largely not part of your job to become a master of influence is to learn how to become a connoisseur of feelings which are analogous to your emotional state okay.

How many of you by a show of hands would like the ability to uh never have anybody knock you off your game ever again. So no. Matter what they say or what they do no. Matter how emotionally aggressive they are you can just bounce right.

Back would that be useful okay. That's day one of killer influence training that we spend almost an entire day on nothing. But that okay. That's on the menu it a my.

Seafood as my. Seafood uh uh. Jerry. Allen.

Johnson would say it's on the to-do list right. It's a foundational skill and truly honestly if there is a. Jedi skill in what we do at. Planet.

David it's. State control because. State control is a level of power and influence that is impossible to be caught and it just gets stronger and stronger and stronger as you get deeper and deeper into the training right. Now there's guys there's there's veterans here who've seen some of this stuff.

But. I will tell you. I have person personally seen videos of some of my personal injury students um who are attorneys having uh expert witnesses that they're deposing offer to wave or willing to wave their attorney client privilege to answer my students questions because they like them. So much okay.

And part of that is an extension of your state control because once you can generate an emotional state in yourself you can actually transmit that to another person if you've ever heard the expression emotional contagion or that emotions are contagious there's actually a neurological phenomenon that facilitates that and once you master it you can literally walk into a room and just exude massive amounts of. Charisma connection chemistry sincerity authenticity. On. Demand right.

And it's impossible to get caught and it's impossible for anybody to throw you off your game if you've done the training right. That's level two of the universal persuasion protocol. So know your outcome control your state get. Rapport.

Rapport is all about creating a connection with another person that allows people to perceive you as somebody they want to be affiliated with somebody they want to associate and and are like them as much as possible. So control your state or know your outcome control your state get. Rapport those are the. First three okay.

Have you written those down if you've written them down say done if you haven't written down just type writing okay. Good all right. The. Next phase know your outcome control your state get.

Rapport use your language use your language now let me let me explain this a little bit when. I say use your language that doesn't mean you have to be an expert in. Eric sonian hypnosis you don't have to be a linguist you don't have to be even super elequent you just have to understand how to communicate to people in a way that makes them want to listen okay. Now when.

I say use your language as you're following the formula if the only thing you know how to do is talk like you've been talking for your entire life that's what you use right. If you're coming from the therapy world and or the. The. Crisis.

Intervention world and all you know how to do is what we call reflective listening that's what you use right. If you're from the. NLP or. ER exonian or covert hypnosis world and you and you know embedded commands and thought binds and and and really.

U bizarre types of language pth that's what you use if it's appropriate to the situation. So when we talk about this. Universal persuasion protocol and we get to the language component you just you just use that with whatever language skills you have now. I'm going to give you some of the most unbeatable language skills there are that exist tonight and.

I'm going to show you how to get even more if that's something that you want is is that something you guys would want yes. Or yes. Okay. Stay tuned right.

Uh for those of you who are veterans you've heard this you've learned it and again this is where the social proof aspect of tonight's training is going to come in you're going to have to validate what the claims. I'm going to make and all that good stuff okay. So we have know your outcome control your state get. Rapport use your language now you take those four things and you use it to manage the state of the subject in other words the person or person's that.

I'm talking to. I have to be able to calibrate where are they mentally and emotionally what is it they want and what do. I have to do to get them to manage them from where they're at to where. I need them to be that's all state.

That's. All. State. Management is it's being able to read the other person tap into their needs and wants and create a plan to get them from point.

A to point. B. That's. All.

State. Management is okay. But there's that whole sensory acuity thing that goes into that after that you're going to jump into whatever mental or physical processes they use to decide to do certain things certain behaviors have certain patterns that they they they use to make those decisions if you can elicit those patterns and. I'm going to show you a way to hack uh six out five out of seven of these steps tonight right.

There's a whole lot deeper training. But. I'm going to show you how to just zoom through this whole thing tonight and. Then.

Finally what you want to do is you want to bond to their emotional needs every human being that you encounter is going to have a set of emotional needs we call it the checklist for wanting to do the things that you want them to do they're personal and they're selfish and they're unique to that person. But if you understand this process and you understand how to become aware of that information and bond link it to what you want them to do for you for their own reasons they will you can literally have them salivating and. I. I use that word very very specifically because it's about desire it's about satisfying a deep-seated need that doesn't want to be refused it doesn't want to be denied right.

And if you do it ethically and honestly. Then people will simply ask you to buy they'll ask you for the to take the. Next step with you right. You'll never have to lie cheat or steal okay.

Uh in fact in a business context when you when you use this effectively it becomes amazingly hard for your competitors to actually undersell you because the emotional relationship the emotional bond that you've created with your customers or your prospects is. So powerful that they can't get that experience from anybody else right. So that's how and that's just baby stuff that's baby level stuff. But does that sound exciting to you any of you guys does that sound like something you might want to do all right.

So let's jump into the very. First thing in in that we got we have to understand to up your persuasion percentage right. And this is very important it goes back to the the. Second ring of the.

CPI model the universal persuasion protocol and that is controlling your state how many of you by a show of hands in the chat would like to be up to 31% better at everything you do type in chat yeah right. How many of you would like to hear let's say that um right. Now the you know you're you're at your your your your close rate for getting yeses is 50% like five out of 10 what if you could add another 30% to that in other words instead of getting it getting yes. Five out of 10 times you could get yes.

Eight out of 10 times would that change your life at all okay. Here's the one thing that you need to do to make that happen you ready be playful let me repeat that two more times in case you don't think you heard it right. Be playful be playful and one more time for the bonus be playful now where does that come from that comes from hostage negotiation the. FBI.

Behavioral analysis uh divisions in their in their studies on persuasion and influence and behavior modification discovered that when uh the hostage negotiator uh approached any unit interaction with a casual laidback easygoing almost playful energy they were 31% up to 31% more adapt able 31% more perceptive 31% more eloquent 31 up to 31% um more likable and this is where it gets really interesting they found out that the bad guy the hostage taker was up to 31% more compliant now think about the think about the ramifications of that for a moment right. Does it get any more tense than a hostage negotiator dealing with a hostage taker there's no. There's no. Positive for the the hostage taker they're not going to get away more often than not and yet in that.

I can't think of a a situation that's more stressful except for maybe the. Los. Angeles uh pickup scene right. The pickup bar right.

That's more stressful maybe interrogation right. But my point is is that in these high stress situations where everything there's there's no. Such you can't split the difference on a hostage right. You can't take home 75% of the hostage it doesn't work that way right.

And again if you don't got to believe me go reference. Chris voss's work it's it's it's there in black and white in the books it's in his videos on on. YouTube and interviews and things like that go check it out. But my point is is that all you have to do before you learn any other skills is just learn how to be more relaxed playful and easygoing now.

I learned this kind of by accident uh in my pickup days because one of the things. I discovered was is that when you approach people with a fun playful easygoing kind of a testing to see if your cool attitude their defenses go down right. If you approach somebody and you want something way too strong you send up all kinds of mirror neuron signals that their. Nervous.

System picks up and they don't consciously recognize where those signals are coming from. But their mirror neuron system causes them to have feelings that they don't like and they're looking at you and it happens. But when you come in with a playful easygoing relaxed state right. To just kind of see what happens energy you're going to be more persuasive and charismatic because you're going to dissolve those those defense mechanisms that they're going to have up naturally okay.

So are you guys with me. So far would you like to learn how to do that okay. Yes. You you you're with me or yes.

You want to learn how to do that okay. Now keep in mind in in killer influence and. CPI and and defense against the dark arts we devote entire days to the training. So.

I don't have time to give you the whole training. But. I'm going to give you one or two exercises or drills that you can practice that if you if you practice them on a day-to-day basis a lot you're going to start to have a default state that is more relaxed more easygoing and allows you to become more perceptive of the world around you. So here's the thing we're going to go through a drill it does involve an eyes.

Closed process. So what. I want you to do is. I want you to make sure if you want to do this that a you're not driving a car right.

If you're operating any kind of. Machinery that requires your full and undivided attention. Then you have to make a choice either don't do this exercise or turn off the machine step away from the equipment put the car in park turn the engine off put the emergency brake on right. Make sure you won't be disturbed.

Ed and. Then follow along okay. I won't be held responsible for any of you who crash cars or get parking tickets or speeding tickets or whatever it is you're doing because you're weaving all over the road right. All right.

So the. First thing to understand that when you want to control your state the two big pieces to pers persuasion and. State. Control are your posture and your breathing if you can control your posture and you can control your breathing you can interrupt any emotional state that you get thrown into randomly if you understand the posture and breathing pattern of a certain type of emotion you can enter that state and maintain it in as little as two minutes sometimes faster.

But for training purposes two minutes is the gold standard okay. Now the inform that research comes from a woman named. Amy cudy you can research her. Ted.

Talk on. YouTube we've been doing a lot more advanced stuff for 20 some years. But uh. Dr cudy has done a lot of the actual physical academic and uh research.

So. I recommend her book. Power poses and uh there's also a book. She put out called presentence which is excellent resource um for a lot of what we're talking about.

But what can we do right. Here right. Now to do that we're going to take a little bit of a shortcut is that okay. It's okay.

To do this faster okay. So. I need you guys to stand up if you can stand up if you can. I want you to close your eyes.

And. I want you to think back to a time in your life where you were playing you were having the most fun ever now here's the thing. I don't care what that fun was as long as you were playful having a ball and you didn't care about anything. But having a good time.

I want you to remember that moment. I want you to close your eyes. And. I want you to see what you see in that moment.

I want you to hear what you were. Hearing in that moment. I want you to smell and taste what you were smelling and tasting in that moment as you do that as you see what you see and you hear what you hear and you smell and you taste what you smell and you taste there is an amazing wonderful joyful playful free feeling that you get a feeling of absolute pleasure and playfulness and fun. I want you to remember how you were standing in that moment of fun remember how you were breathing in that moment of fun and as you let those feelings come flooding back.

I want you to notice there's a place in your body where those amazing wonderful feelings start where they grow or they spread from take a moment notice and point to where you feel it. I like you to notice that there's a color maybe even a series of colors connected to the those amazing feelings. I'm curious. I'm wondering what color or colors it might be for you.

First impression now remember you do not need to type these in the chat okay. I want you to be fully absorbed in what you're doing right. Now let those feelings and the colors connected to those feelings rise up into your awareness and imagine a brilliant ball of that energy floating above your head and. I'd want you to notice how the feelings in your body shift and change as.

With. Every. Breath. You.

Take and. Every. Beat of your heart that amazing ball of fun begins to grow begins to expand begins to fill the entire room from floor to ceiling from wall to wall and all points in between notice how it wraps itself around you like an amazing blanket of fun playful easygoingness a cocoon a shield a suit of armor insulating you protecting you from all downers all bummers real or imagine well at the same time flooding your mind flooding your body flooding your spirit with everything it most wants and everything it most needs in an infinite ever expanding and. Unlimited.

Supply and when you know you've got that. I. Want. You to.

Breathe those amazing colors through your entire being let it fill you up like water fills up a bottle like fluid fills up a test tube like like hot air or helium fills up a balloon anchor it in. So fully. So completely no. Force in the universe can turn it off or take it away not even you and when you realize it's true it's locked in.

I want you to test it try to turn it off try to take it away and notice what happens instead and when you're satisfied stop testing allow your eyes. To open notice how good you feel and type in the chat what you experienced. Nancy says. So.

Cool. J jodian says ecstatic now you think this might be a more fun way to move through the world beier. State warm hands very good excellent now. I promise you and this is a little sidebar for those of you interested manifestation and.

Law of. Attraction you start doing your. Law of. Attraction and manifestation work in this state and the things you want will happen faster before you even start doing persuasion you have a much greater chance of actually tapping into the things you want to attract okay.

This one simple drill will. CH completely change your your biochemistry and your neurology and become somebody who can manifest. Charisma chemistry connection and uh interactiveness with other people okay. So this is your drill now just for fun.

I want you to go back to that state. I want you to once again stand the way you were standing breathe the way you were breathing breathe that fill the room with that color breathe it through your body two or three more times notice how each and every time you breathe that color through your body the feeling gets stronger and when you when you've done it three or four times tell me what you tell me what how it's changed as you do that type just when youve do when you finish the exercise type it in the cheat okay. Al's asking about images with bringing you don't worry about the image most people only see muddled colors. Anyway it doesn't matter all right.

Nancy says it feels anchored in. Courtney says just pretend feels like a summer sun very good. Jewel right. Now go back into the posture and the breathing pattern right.

Whatever that fun playful posture breathing pattern is and now without changing a single thing about the way you're standing without changing a single thing about the way you're breathing summon up your willpower keep your posture and breathing the same as an act of will try to feel bad test that for a few seconds when you're done testing let that attempt go and tell me what happened uh in your body when you did that when you try to do that now going back. I tried. I busted out laughing impossibly shift and very good all right. Welcome to being bulletproof now one of the things you'll notice is that if you were really.

TR if you were really summoning up your willpower and you were while keeping this posture and this breathing thing solid you may have noticed as you tried to to bring the negative feeling in your body wanted to kind of shift down or change its its structure did anybody notice that okay. My question for you is which part of you won the body or. The. Willpower which part of you want exactly remember this my friends it's true everything that human beings do is has a pattern and a structure to it okay.

Everything human beings do is a feedback loop you know we you've all heard this and if you've been the in this in the self-development space or the persuasion space for any length of time you've heard the old adage the. Mind controls the body trust me that's true enough to be true. But the. Mind truly only controls the body or.

I should say. The. Willpower only controls the body if you've been trained in other words unless you're a. Buddhist monk shallin priest uh high level athlete uh deep level meditator.

Yogi um you know it's the opposite functionally the physiology the body controls the psychology and this is again why the. CP and the killer influence systems work. So powerfully because it it it comes from the idea the premise that your physiology the the sum total of the feelings in your body change all of your perceptual and cognitive faculties it changes the way you perceive the world it changes the way you think it changes what you focus on all from a body feeling now you are surrounded remember. I told you this was also way to protect yourself the one thing.

I want you to understand is that every social media platform every media agency every governmental agency every commercial that you encounter is trying to do one thing to you is that change your body feelings it's trying to put you in a state where your perceptual filters the way you pay attention to the world and the things you focus on are in harmony with the message they want you to act on. So the simple ability to enter and exit any emotional state at will is like having a set of bullet like having a bulletproof vest against their against their ammunition it's like a suit of armor that you can just turn on and and deflect. So much of what comes at you okay. Now again in your training and killer influence you're going to get a whole day of this like drill after drill after drill.

But not only that okay. Okay. Nikki saying. I had a hard time focusing on the positive that's fine it's all training okay.

One of the biggest things that that that that most people run into is what we call the neurological negativity bias if you want to learn more about the neurological negativity bias there's a book. You might want to pick up it's called. The. Power of bad by.

Dr. Roy balme okay. Great explanation of why your nervous system uh why bad happens and how things get out of control right. You you have a 4 to1 negativity bias.

So you need to really work on training your system to respond to negatives differently okay. But remember for every good thing that happens to you your nervous system will assign a gravity of one to it okay. Let me say that again for every good thing that happens to you your grav your nervous system your autonomic nervous system the part of you that keeps your heart beating and your lungs breathing will assign a gravity of one for every negative thing every single negative thing thing that happens to you by default your nervous system will assign a gravity of four it's a 4:1 ratio folks. So you need to train and you need to add as many positives to that to balance and.

Then go beyond that that's where training comes in most people never understand that this simple phenomena much less have a way to change it. I'm giving you a process that you can take a hold of start applying right. Away to change that now for those of you who are interested in law of attraction manifestation mindset. Mastery motivation all that things all those things what.

I just gave you will change your life there's a lot more in the system. But we don't have time for that. But was this helpful was this useful did this make a difference for you uh. Stacy the uh it's by.

Roy balister. Thea says gold thank you excellent okay. So we know what we want do we know what we want have you guys um are you ready to drill down on that aspect of it. Al says started a couple weeks ago made a huge difference in my daily interactions thank you very valuable yes.

Thank excellent excellent okay. So we're good. So far right. Okay.

So my. Next question for you what if there was a way to not only have people hanging on your every word. But a way that you could literally. Force someone to pay attention to you your product or your service and generate and give you all the reasons why they would want to buy it would that be helpful what if you could do that with relationships what if you could find people and by paying attention to certain things know exactly what their values are and how they can be satisfied and and.

Link that okay. So this this. Next drill has two versions to it this is this is from the. U emotional bonding segment of the universal persuasion protocol there's actually two techniques that we're going to talk about okay.

Um. I'm. I'm looking. I'm a little bit behind on my schedule.

So. I hope you'll bear with me um. I'm going to jump right. To the emotional bond part and.

Then if it's okay. With you after we get to phase three after you get to phase three. I'm going to teach you how to have people hanging on your every word is that is that fair can we do that just. So.

I can stay on track. Gary says yes. Nancy says. Al says good um okay.

So for this. Next drill and it's not really a drill it's an exercise designed to give you a very specific experience okay. And that experience is about emotional bonding now there's two variations on this drill if you're using this on yourself for yourself it's called and write this down the emotional motivation checklist write that again again the emotional motivation checklist okay. You guys remember everything.

I. I um. I told you at the beginning of today's webinar that everything human beings do is in response to a feeling you guys remember that yes. Or yes.

Okay. Now human beings have beliefs that they use to run their life fact in in the. Advanced. Training like run a.

CPI 3 and and in the super. Advanced. Training you learn how to change people's beliefs in seconds overcome any objection win any argument in it's almost not fair. But it's completely ethical right.

We'll show you it will teach you how to do that 14 different ways to instantly just derail anybody's thought process and have them believing what you want them to believe right. That's there. But for right. Now one of the things we need to understand even more basic is that everything human beings do has a belief system attached to it.

But there's a certain level like uh if you look. At the hierarchy of people's beliefs in their mind you have the spiritual level you have the identity level the values level uh the capabilities level um the behaviors level or sorry the behaviors level the capabilities level and the environmental level you don't need to know any of that except for one the values level the values level is like a checklist that people move through the world pinging the world around them right. Like for example if. I were to ask you just as a as a quick drill.

I want you to uh on a on a sidebar on your sheet of paper write down uh if you were to buy a house right. I want you to write down the most important the three most important things to you about buying a house about having the perfect house about being in the perfect house just. First thing just as a quick a quick drill right. And when you've done that just type done in the chat and again.

I know some of you are in are maybe you've bought a house in the past maybe you've never thought about buying out. But just for the sake of pro of process let's look. At that okay. So uh.

Al says done okay. Excellent now as you look. At that those three things. I want you to ask yourself a simple question for the per again these are the three things that the perfect house has to have for the.

First thing on your list. I want you to ask yourself a question what's important about that about number one right. Whatever is whatever is in your perfect house what's important about that and write that down just a quick it doesn't have to be anything long and drawn whatever pops up in your head. First just write it down and.

Then do that for the. Second thing on your list. I know. I'm.

I know. I'm going fast and. I apologize. But again.

I know your time is valuable and. I want to get as much information into you you don't have to. Simon you don't have to type them in the chats what's important is that you're having the experience when you think about the perfect house and the three things that that perfect house has to have and. Then what's important about that one thing and that.

Second thing and that. Third thing. I want you to notice how your feelings and your emotions shift when you ask the question what's important about okay. When you've done all three type done in the chat okay.

So in in one or two sentences. I want you to type in your chat now what changed in you when you asked yourself the question and answered the question what's important about one and what's important about two and what's important about three what happened to your emotions what happened to your body feelings just real quick okay. Simon good. Colton.

I found a sense of resolution feelings of my chest shifted raised emotional states satisfied feeling what happened to your desire for it what happened to your desire for it more okay. So we're g to do this together now because. I want you to have the experience how many of you have ever had a situation where there was something you knew needed to be done. But you had.

Absolut you absolutely had no. Motivation to do it anybody would you like to know how to tap into practically. Limitless motivation on a dime would that be useful okay. So this.

Next drill we're going to do the exact same process. But a little bit more in depth for for your for your practice this is called the emotional motivation checklist when you engage in this process with another human being it's called the emotional bonding checklist now to to do the emotional bonding process there's another technique that you need to have which we'll teach in part three of the webinar because. I want to keep us on schedule is that fair yes. Or yes.

Okay. So here we go get out a piece of paper get out a pencil and now. I'm going to. I'm going to actually go to my.

PowerPoint um for this. Next piece it's actually not my. PowerPoint it's actually um uh my one note all right. Let me just clear this out here okay.

Let me pull this over. So this is about emotional bonding okay. Oh wait a minute this is not the right. Uh emotional motivation sorry all right.

We'll talk about emotional bonding in part three now on a piece of paper what. I want you to do again this is important at the at the very top of your page. I want you to close your eyes. And.

I want you to just go here with me okay. When you saw me promoting this webinar when you got the email or you saw me talking about it on. YouTube and you saw what this topic of this webinar was about there was something in you that you wanted to be able to do as a byproduct of tonight's training as a byproduct from this webinar there was something that you wanted to be able to get for yourself okay. Something you really wanted.

I want you to take a moment and at the top of your sheet. I want you to write the question what do. I want as a byproduct from tonight's program and write down the answer to that question write down the answer what is it you want to be able to do be have or achieve as a byproduct from tonight's training okay. I want you to write that outcome directly below it now here's a secret to this.

I don't want you to edit a single thing that pops up in your head. I want you to write the answer to that question down verbatim in other words if it comes up in poor grammar write it down in poor grammar right. There's a. Madness to my method that.

I want you to begin to experience before. I have to explain it okay. Below that once you've answered that question. I want you to repeat that answer out loud and.

Then ask this question what's it going to do for you right. If you got like say what do you want and you got that okay. All right. You got that what's it.

GNA do for you right. Pay attention to the exact words that come up right. Write that answer down directly below that. I want you to write ask this magic question what's important about it.

So there was something you wanted as a byproduct of tonight's training and when you get that it's going to do. XYZ for you and if it did. XYZ for you what's important to you about. XYZ and.

I want you to write your answer okay. When you've done that type done in the chat boy. Melody is asking is this really live trust me it's as live as it gets. Nancy says done.

Micha says done. Al says done perfect now. I want you to take the answer of the what's important about question and. I want you to ask the question question again what's important about that.

So you you asked the what's important about question you answered that question and if you got this what's important about that what's that going to do for you right. And write that answer out. I'm just doing a little minor editing don't mind me right. And.

Then once you've done that again write the exact words sorry about that. I need to right. And. Then.

Finally one more time whatever answer you just wrote down ultimately if you got what you came for and it's going to do. XYZ for you and you know what's important about that and. Then what's important about getting that ultimately what would getting all of those things do for you and what's important about having that. So you should be doing you should do this is a three what we call a three levels deep exercise out in the field when you're working with other people um it's almost never necessary to go more than three levels.

But for the sake of your experience. I want to give you guys the the step-by-step process for this when you're done with all three levels a. B and. C up to.

D go ahead and write done in the chat and we'll continue with the. Next part of our process okay. Barat says done. Lacy says done uh oh good lots and lots of cool stuff here all right.

Good all right. So everybody's done. So here's let me jump out of. PowerPoint.

So you guys ready for the. Next piece yes. Or yes. All right.

So what we're going to do now is we're g to take our sheet of paper that we have our answers written on okay. So the. First thing. I want you to do is.

I want you to just kind of stand up shake yourself out a little bit. U and kind of just relax your body a little bit okay. And. Then.

I want you to check in with your body and your emotions right. And. I want you to just notice where you're at mentally physically emotionally. Then.

I want you to take your checklist right. I want you to hold it up at about a again because of my my virtual background and all the distancing stuff it's hard for me to to hold up my sheet uh without having the. Predator effect. So what.

I want you is. I want you to hold this up and. I want you to read the answers to your questions only the answers to your questions. I want you to read them five times out loud okay.

Stand up look. At your answers think about them as you read them out loud five times when you're done type done in the chat take all the time you need to get that done now. Delila says. Magic.

Al says done. Barbara says done okay. So let me ask you a question what happened what happened when you did this drill in two or three sentences just type in the chat what happened. Sal says deeper set solidified what.

I want. I was directed inwards frat says okay. It make you want it more to make you more. I'm curious tried to edit it okay.

We'll talk about that in part three really really want it. Last answer let go of the past issues okay. Okay. Clarity can we see why this might be important for us feels like you've been chasing the same thing for a long time specificity yes.

Okay. Now think about how good you're feeling right. Now what if you could do this with anyone and everyone you meet in any situation or circumstance what do you think what happened oh. Barbara says the words diminished the emotions got stronger.

Bingo. Barbara very good all right. Would you like to know how to take this even further yes. Or yes.

Light up everyone okay. So. I promised you at the beginning of tonight's training that. I would take you as far as.

I can. I would lay the foundations for you in the beginning of the webinar and. Then. I would point you in the direction of where to go to level up is that still.

Fair okay. So for those of you who are ready for more if youve if you've enjoyed the experiences and you you been empowered by the thing that the little tidbits. I've shown you. I'd like to introduce you to a program a set of programs that.

I put together to help you level up and give you full access to the entire system okay. So let me talk to you about this really quick this is called uh the the secrets of human influence. Ultra persuasion home study course this is a program that. I'm very very proud of it was designed specifically to for people to learn everything.

I teach and do from the privacy of their own home and take their lives to the. Next level it's a series of trainings that that uh work together to amplify and maximize your ability to persuade people to believe what you say do what you want to motivate them and. Inspire them and lead them in the ways that are important it's all about taking your life to the. Next level it's about making more money for yourself and your family and your business.

So you can take care of the people that matter you about closing more deals both in your social worlds in your professional life getting more dates obviously has applications there it's about helping more people which one of the things. I. I. I've really come to appreciate about those of you in.

Planet. David is yes. You want to make your life better. But you want something more than that you want to take it and and use these skills to help other people improve their lives and.

I really really want to get behind that it's about learning to feel more confident and more powerful in yourself and your ability to influence the world around you in short it's about winning the game of life and becoming more charming and charismatic and irresistible. So that you can reach more people connect with more people and remove the randomness from your life and get the things you want that really matter. So. I put this together for you this this offer is good until uh.

November 30th uh 2023 at 11:59 p.m. that's tonight okay. And it's what's it's going to start with what we call this 17 video secrets of human influence home study course it includes the seven stage. Universal persuasion protocol it's going to teach you chapter by chapter by chapter a how to think like a master of influence. I gave you a little snippet a little bit of tidbits about the different psychology that professional level persuaders and influencers use and if you don't understand this it's going to undermine your ability to persuade and defend against un unethical persuasion powerfully it's a $297 value we're going to teach you the full training on how to control your psychoemotional state at will.

So no. One else can push your buttons against your will ever again that doesn't mean people won't catch you by surprise what it does mean though is that in the times when they catch you by surprise you'll be able to instantly turn those emotions around on a dime go into any emotional state that you want or need and transmit those states to other people both individually and as a group it's a $297 value. But. I think you can begin to imagine just how much more valuable that ability actually is now what if you could take that same level of emotional projection and empathic transference and use it to generate tremendous levels of.

Rapport. So that you can connect with other human beings and transmit those vibes to their mirror neuron. Network their proprioception and their autonomic nervous system that causes their system to actually change. Consciousness organically.

So that they are feel completely connected to you and they start to view the world through the lens that you've created through your. Rapport skills this is about taking your. Rapport skills to an even deeper more powerful level than anybody's everever taught you these are things you will never learn in an. NLP class anywhere.

I promise you because there's only two people in the world that were ever taught these skills. I was one of them the other guy doesn't teach it anymore. So um. So.

Anyway it's a $297 value. I want to teach you the seven most irresistible hypnotic language p. I should actually change that word. I shouldn't call it hypnotic.

I should call it neurologic and the reason. I say that is because each of these language patterns are an expression of a certain neurological program that every human being runs and just speaking with these patterns causes changes in the way people think and feel right. Now put aside all the neurological mumbo jumbo stop for a moment and imagine what you could do with the following superpowers again this is where we begin to use the imagination effectively. First of all what if you actually had the ability to capture and lead a person's imagination to the point where they would imagine vividly anything that you describe would that be powerful that's where this starts and it just gets more powerful now let me ask you a question what if you had the ability to actually influence what a person pays attention to to the point where they only pay attention to the things that you want them to and they ignore everything else what if you have the ability to cause your their sub a person's subconscious mind and their conscious mind to separate and have the subconscious mind automatically run programs that you describe that's what two of these language patterns do right.

Right. Off the bat now what if you have the ability to make anything you want seem to cause anything you want in the minds of your listener what could you do with a superpower like that. Gary says. I love that one.

Gary's been around a while he's a little enthusiastic right. What if you have the ability to make anything you want mean anything you want in the minds of your listener think about what you could do with with that okay. That's just three of the of the four language or the four or five language the seven language patterns in the system right. Final one is once what if you could literally force a person's imagination to create whatever you describe with zero% chance of mistranslation or resistance what if you could do that fact what if that ability was.

So powerful that you could create it before a person was even consciously aware that you were doing it right. That's what four of the seven language patterns in this course will teach you to do on top of everything else again it's a $297 value. But again. I think you can start to read between the lines and realize that there's a lot more going on here okay.

L l slime says. I'll be the most popular closing business deals yes. When. I said when.

I said at the beginning of this webinar that it's not uncommon for people to up their closing rate by 40 50 60 70%. I wasn't kidding. I have one student that. I know for a fact closed a $1.2 billion sales deal okay.

I'm still waiting for my cut. But. I know what he used to do it because he told me about it all right. Um and that's again that's just one extreme example.

But when. I say the the average closing rate is off the charts that's really really powerful 10%. I'll take you know for $ 1.2 billion. I might even take 7%.

But 10% % would be a good place to start out right. Now what if you had the ability to systematically manage the emotional states of others to be able to zero in on the exact emotional state they're in know exactly what emotional state you need them to be in and have the exact steps and tools to get them from point. A to point. B without worry without fear without worry about screwing up what could you do with some what if you had the ability to manage the emotional states of your.

Mo your wife your fa your husband your children your in-laws not to mention your boss or your employees or whatever because. I guarantee you you'll have the ability to do that if you train again these are these skills seem like magic. But they're just skills and if you work with it and you practice it you will gain magical results you'll have to work less hard and you'll get a bigger and bigger return on your investment things will just get easier and easier for you you will become a person who is naturally charismatic and irresistible able to get whatever you want in pretty much any situation because there's a universal formula that tells you exactly what to do and when to do it okay. We're going to teach you how to hijack a person's internal.

Behavior code remember that every. Behavior human beings engage in certain areas of their brain light up in a certain sequence those. Clues come out in the words a person says and the gestures that they make and where their eyes. Go and if you can learn how to pay attention to those things you can figure out really really quick exactly what what that's that behavior code is and put what the messages you want them to act on into that structure and they'll run it like it's their own idea okay.

It'll just make sense to them in a way that it just it's almost unfair. But it's not and. Then of course you just had the emotional motivation skills right. We just talked about you you felt what the emotional motivation checklist did for you in the space of a couple minutes what if you repeated those things over and over and over again for 20 minutes or more right.

And that's how you begin to emotionally. Bond anyone's deepest desires to your product your service or you and it makes them want to do what you want them to do for their own selfish reasons and when you actually deliver on that promise the emot the level of emotional trust and connection and bonding that they have with you is practically unbreakable practically. Unbreakable it's very very difficult to to undermine that. Bond right.

I've under. I've under promoted that particular aspect of it. But. I've seen this thing.

I've seen this process do. Superhero level stuff right. For those of you who are in been around. Planet.

David who've been trained in this process and you've had experiences tell the people what these things have done for you and how it's worked for you okay. We're also going to include the killer influence mind control. Manifesto um which is a $418 value now obviously if you do the math we'll talk about the online community in a moment total value for this if you went to the website and bought it today would be $2,497. But we're not just going to give you this for those of you who are gonna are ready to take action who've raised your hand for at least two or three of the things that we started the webinar with that have had the experiences who've done the drills who are ready to start hearing yes.

A whole lot more and stop hearing no. We're ready to stop making excuses and start making changes for those of you who grabb this course today here's what else we got for you we're going to include these extra special bonuses a we're going to include. Weapons of. Mass instruction now don't let the title fool you this course is going to teach you one of the most powerful persuasion and influence tools one of the most.

World altering tools that have ever been existed it's the. Art and. Science of. Storytelling how it affects us neurologically and how you can begin to use the the the process of narrative persuasion to influence whole groups of people at one time to do whatever you want them to do this is a $1,997 value this is a course that there's no.

Other course like this on the planet because. I literally had to come through like 50 different courses and and personal research and and scientific studies to put these things together in a. One-Stop shop that gives you everything you need to know to influence people through story storytelling and metaphor and all derivatives thereof okay. This is probably one of the most intense courses that.

I teach okay. But one of the things that. I love about this course is that it works really really well even if you're working with an audience that is not speaking your native language right. So a lot of the things with the discret language patterns.

I talked about earlier some of those depending on what language you're talking in can get a little the the structure a little a little weird. But when you're using story workor every culture on the planet tells stories just the idea that someone's about to hear a story causes them to go into a profound. Trans. State.

So there's there's there's a specific set of modules that teach you the. Neuroscience of. Storytelling how it works why it works right. How it's the most irresistible form of influence that there is there's a story template and a set of story principles for creating stories small short stories specifically for connection things you can do in a line at.

Starbucks in a line at a movie theater waiting to get into a restaurant where you see people that are interest you're interested in. But you don't know how to talk to them you don't know how to kind of create that. Bond or that connection there's a module just for how to do that there's a module on what we call. Alpha strategies or.

Alpha stories these are the classical motivation leadership selling stories that most people are familiar with okay. But. Then we get into something called. Omega stories and.

Omega stories are the story are the kinds of stories the kinds of strategies that almost nobody knows about okay. So for this. I'm going to jump out of my. PowerPoint just to kind of illustrate this.

So. Alpha stories are kind of like persuasion pushing messages right. So if. I have a big filing cabinet here right.

And. I and. I need to move that that filing cabinet across the room. I'm.

GNA get behind it and. I'm gonna push if. I can't move it right. I'm gonna get more people to help me push that's an alpha story or an alpha strategy.

But let's say there's only me and. I have to move this big ass filing cabin right. And. I don't have enough.

Mojo or or juice to push it that way. I can do one of several things. I can get a a cart uh or or a set of rolling pins. I can put it on rollers and.

I can push it or. I can take some oil or some kind of lubricant. I can put it on the floor in front of the filing cabinet and now the the filing cab will slide much easier pardon me uh. I change this really quick [Music] um right.

Why because. I've removed the resistance to the persuasion and that's the magic of. Omega strategies and. Omega stories is they they don't add necessarily add more persuasion push to your message what they do in the background without people realizing it's happening is they remove the resistance to the persuasion inherent in the story it it makes people more open to doing what you want them to do not by overwhelming them.

But by dissolving the reasons they have or softening the attitudes they have that would stop them from doing it okay. I don't know if that makes does every is everybody following me does everybody understand the difference right. If if you if you're with me. So far go ahead and type that in the chat okay.

Excellent now the other thing about stories. I call this the. Terminator effect even though. I got to probably find a a more positive metaphor for this how many people here by show.

I. I me in the chat know have ever heard of the movie called. Terminator specifically the. First.

Terminator the good one all right. If you if you remember the movie. The. Original.

Terminator you're as old as me perhaps even older. But you guys remember that when uh when the. Terminator when when uh the hero was explaining about the. Terminator and time travel they said that only organic things could come through that machines couldn't come through.

But the machine. But the the evil. AIS found to work around by wrapping that. Terminator in organic tissue it could pass through that that time.

Wormhole do you guys remember that if not you should go watch the movie just to understand that metaphor right. This is one of the secret superpowers of storywork this is the this is the. Dom of where the guys like. Tony.

Robbins and um. Lisa sasich and um oh. God who are some other going. T harveer um this is the domain where they they they're wielding a superpower that nobody understands and this is where you can level the playing field you see stories can also serve as a delivery mechanism for other persu uion techniques in this course you will get story you will get the.

Neuroscience by out why and how storytelling works why it's. So irresistible why stories are never perceived as an obvious attempt at influence how to do stories for connection how to create stories that motivate. Inspire lead and sell how to create stories that remove resistance and. Then.

Finally 12 to 15 different techniques that you can insert inside of any story that make it even more irresistibly compelling this is a complete master class in the art of story or influence and persuasion through storytelling uh if you have kids this is easily one of the most powerful and liberating ways that you can influence people if you have clients coaching therapy um mentoring the stories that you tell are an amazing opportunity to install things and train things uh and get people to come to the conclusion you want them to have without directly telling them it's an amazingly powerful course. I will warn you this is uh this is the deepest end of my pool. But. I'm giving this to you because once you've had the secrets of human and influence basic training which is everything.

I just talked about previous to this this becomes much more doable for you in a simple easy funto use format okay. It's a $1,997 value it's yours absolutely free and you will have. So much fun with this it's unbelievable total th total value is $4,487.29 started combining them would that be a useful skill to have because that's exactly what this particular program is going to do we lovingly call it. Renegade reframing and it's based on a series of language patterns uh dis discovered by.

Robert. DS through his observations of uh the founder of. NLP. Richard bandler and they're specifically designed to allow you to overcome any objection change any belief in seconds not only does it change the belief it actually creates a small pattern interrupt in the mind of the subject which makes them 100% more open to whatever you say to them.

Next the window is very small. But you can keep recreating it 14 different ways to overcome any limiting belief any objection any argument if you're someone who's constantly being gaslighted or manipulated by people who are you know using your your s of selfworth and identity against you this is the perfect way to turn the tables on them one of the very. First exercises that we we do with our. NLP students and our covert hypnosis students when they're learning this in the uh coaching program is we have them write down all of their very own limiting beliefs and.

Then we have them use these patterns on their own limiting beliefs and it completely transforms their model of the world it completely changes what they think they're capable of how they think about their life and the story they've written and it's a complete. GameChanger this will take your life to the. Next level just by using it on yourself. But imagine what you can do with it out in the world with your children with your spouse with your boss with your employees with your colleagues right.

For every limiting belief you encounter you will have 14 different answers or actually. I should say 14 different ways to come up with infinite numbers of answers that free people from the cages they've created in their own mind okay. Plus it comes with a really cool card game we call it the reframe game where you can literally just go around the table a spout a limiting belief spout an objection spout something that's completely you've heard on the news and you throw a card at somebody and they have to use that pattern to overcome that belief you can have hours of fun uh playing the game of reframe okay. It's a $1,997 value it comes with templates it comes with explanations it comes with a step-by-step understanding of each pattern and how to use it and a quick start map that allows you to just memorize these things very very quickly combined value is $648 if you register and grab this course before the end of the webinar.

Finally how many of you um. Influence. People this is. Next to get to learn the wifey to take want to take the trash out um.

I'm not. GNA say. I've. I've seen that used that way because that would get me in a lot of trouble.

But um. I have uh. I have seen that used oh uh. Michael saying where's the link if somebody wants to post a link for.

Michael he kind of wants to get in there on this um this this. Next one is really cool. But. I'll tell you right.

Now that this is pro this one is probably not for everyone um. So let me explain this to you how many of you by show of hands have ever gone to a seminar and maybe halfway through to the end of the seminar some manale or woman at the at the front of the stage says. Hey buy my course take and and and 150 people 200 people a stampedea people rush to the back of the room to sign up would you like to be able to do that too to sign up for your program become a client buy your course take their relationship with you to the. Next level if you've ever fantasized about that or you want a clear path for doing that you're going to love this.

Next course this is called. Charisma conversion and hypnotic presentation skills for presenters and public speakers right. The idea behind this course is to teach you the. Art and.

Science of hypnotic and charismatic presentation. So one of the. First things it's going to teach you is two different forms of public speaking the. First one is for small group presentations there's a way that you can design a talk that installs and subliminally primes and programs people to want to work with you to want to take action in your world in a way that delivers value.

But also primes them to take the. Next step with you one one particular process is great for healthcare providers um people who deal with in the medical world things of a therapeutic nature for small groups. Then there's another model that has persuasion architecture training that's designed for large groups. So the small group presentation process is for groups of up to about 20 people where you can reliably have 13 out of 20 people signing up for your process your your program um the other one is for large groups two three 400 people where you have up to a 20 25% conversion rate depending on what you're offering and and how you're presenting and stuff like that.

So there's very specific ways that you create those presentations. Then we're going to teach you hypnotic stagecraft we're going to start with basic stagecraft how to stand how to hold a microphone um how to spatially. Anchor things uh we're going to teach you again we're going to revisit hypnotic storytelling right. And all the things that we taught in uh weapons of.

U. Mass instruction we're going to revisit those for platform training the ability to do this from the stage to a massive group of people both virtually and in person and have them rushing to click the buy button or rush to the back of the room to take the. Next level with you how many of these bonus offers are for. Live.

Events. I'm not sure. I understand the question uh. But all of these were actually created from live events that.

I was teaching and. Then we uh added and and modified it for a home study program. So you'll actually see these things done being done real it's not it's not a talking head video kind of like. I'm doing now it's like.

I'm out there on stage and people are getting up on stage and they're doing these things okay. And. Then. Finally we're going to teach you exactly how we're going to teach you the system behind the system remember.

I said that they the. A-list presenters like. Tony. Robbins and um.

T harveer there was a set of persuasion skills that they were using that they weren't sharing with the world that has people salivating and rushing to the end of the back of the room we call these ninja persuaders or nin the ninja module what you'll see in this course is we'll actually take a transcript from um certain. A-list presenters um presentations and we will actually deconstruct it for you we will show you the embedded commands we will show you the analog marks we will show you the confusion inductions we will show you the storytelling and metaphor we will break out and show you the presupposition all the hidden persuaders in their in their in their talk that are designed to have people salivating and rushing to the back of the room not just. So you can do this for yourself. But.

So that when you go to these seminars and you go to these trainings because you will you now have a heightened level of awareness. So that you can have a better choice one of the. First things you learn when you come to killer influence my friends is that without awareness there is no. Choice my job one for me as your teacher your guide your.

Mentor your friend in this process in this in this. Pursuit is to teach you how to become progressively more self-aware. So that the persuasion tactics that are being leveraged on you and used on you all the time become something you're aware of. So that you can choose how to resp respond okay.

This is easily one of the most important and. Powerful courses that. I teach. But it's not for everybody unless you present to groups of people right.

But it presupposes you have the basic training what we teach in secrets of human influence. So if you're ready to go from one-on-one influence to converting large groups of people at the same time this is your. Next step again. I wanted to be when.

I created this program for you. I wanted to be super conf comprehensive. I wanted you to have the tools. So that no.

Matter where you were going to influence people whether it was oneon-one through the internet through a webinar through um you know live trainings you have the skills and the abilities to do that now what else is included in this program is the repurpose module what if you had the ability to take all this material and use it for your social media use it for your. YouTube channel use it for your emails and your blog posts and all those other things we're going to teach you my particular methodology for utilizing things like meetup.com and. YouTube and the quick and dirty research that. I do to find.

High converting uh. YouTube titles without having to do hours and hours of research um it's really really helpful and it it was one of the things that that put our. YouTube channel on the planet especially back in 2015 2016 uh and. I'm going to share it with you.

I share it all with you um in this amazing course it's a $1,997 value we're going to give it to you absolutely free okay. It's 8,481 combined value okay. So let's just re review this really quickly all right. 7 the secrets of human influence home study package includes the 17 video seven stage.

Universal persuasion protocol includes the killer influence mind control. Mastery manual which actually has extra bonus chapters and appendixes in it that. I haven't talked about yet that will completely change everything you're going to get the weapons of mass instruction neuroscientific storytelling. Secrets 1,900 97 value we're going to give you the.

Renegade reframing how to overcome any objection or change any belief in seconds uh and the manual $1,997 value we're going to give you the. Charisma and pers conversion hypnotic presentation skills home study training $1,997 value total combined value if you were to go and buy these individually on the website will be 8,481. But we're not g to make you pay $8,000 $481 why because. I want to give you guys the best chance humanly possible to level up your lives right.

We have a lot of people in. Planet. David who've grabbed this course and have used it to make profound changes in their life and. I want to make it easy for you one of the things you'll hear me say a lot in your trainings is that the behavior that gets rewarded gets repeated behavior that gets repeated gets reinforced and one of those behaviors is.

I want you to take action. I need you to be an action. Tak for your sake not mine. So today only you won't have to pay $848.

I'm not even going to go as low as 6,481. I'm not going to drop it to 5347 uhuh. But it would still be a bargain at that we're not going to charge you 3347 heck we're not even going to make you pay the full 2447 or 2347 for those of you who are ready to level up for those of you who are ready to level up you can get it all for today for one low installment of just $9.97 and if you're really serious and. But you need a little help we'll make it even easier for you you can break that into three easy installments of just 397 okay.

3,000. I'm sorry $397 right. All you got to do to get yours is go to www. killer influence.com click this link right. Now in your chats www. killer influence slgo let me just post these for everybody let's see here okay.

All right. Well we'll just do that. U hold on a. Second.

I just did something weird in my chat. So. I gotta get out of that uh all right. Ww click the link right.

Now www. killer influence.com click the link uh grab your qu yours right. Now um because there's more for those of you who are on the fence those of you are saying well what if this doesn't work for me. David or or what if. I can't make it work or or you know how do.

I know this is the real deal right. Or do what if. I don't have enough time or whatever other reasons you might have for not taking action in your life. I want you to understand that you're this is absolutely risk-free for you we're here to help we're here to support you in any way that we can which includes helping you through the sticking points.

But if for some reason after 60 days or within 60 days if you're not convinced if this thing isn't working for you and yielding the benefits and the dividends and the changes in your life that you need that you want that you you jumped onto this webinar to get for yourself pick up the phone give. Moss or. Mia a call and we'll refund your money if you're not 100% satisfied with the results you're getting if you're not on the fast track to making more money closing more deals feeling more secure confident and. Powerful on the fast track to.

Financial. Freedom and winning in your social professional and personal life my friends. I will give you back every red scent you invested in this program okay. The world goes to the people who take action if you keep doing what you've been doing you're going to get what you've always gotten if you want something different you need to level up grab your course now work it for a full 60 days if on day 59 it's still not working give us a call on day 60 and we'll refund every invest every dime you've invested.

But. I promise you you'll be actually wishing you paid more because of what it's going to be doing for you okay. This is gonna change your life on a mega scale. Julie says.

Julie. Nixon says it totally works thank you. Julie and. Julie was just like you guys she was on a webinar with us two three months ago and uh again you're seeing this you'll see the dividends okay.

Get yours now just click the link right. Now go to killer influence.com slgo click the link click the link click the link because if you don't click the link right. Now your life isn't going to change and if your life doesn't change well what will you do instead right. Unless you've given up which.

I'm pretty sure you haven't. But click this link risk- free nothing to nothing to you know nothing at risk here okay. So uh. Nikki is asking are there any live or virtual sessions with you or.

Q&A sessions great question stay tuned because if what. I just talked about wasn't amazing enough for those of you who click that link right. Now and grab this course before. I log off the webinar tonight.

I'm going to include the following special fast action bonuses now the bonuses that. I'm going to talk about in the. Next few minutes are only available while. I'm doing the live actual webinar in other words when.

I when. I finish phase three of the webinar tonight and. I log off these fast action bonuses go away you'll still be able to get um the regular package that's that's good till 11:59 pm. tonight. But when.

I log off tonight's webinar the bonuses. I'm about to give to you are only for those of you who took. Action while. I'm physically on the webinar teaching this.

So. I want to be very clear with that because if you call. Moss at 12:01 p.m. tonight and you want to get these bonuses you won't be able to get them okay. These are only for the people who grab your course now by clicking that link before.

I log off. So the. First one to answer. Nikki's question you're going to get a three-month trial membership to the.

NLP power. Mastermind mentoring. Practice. Group this is a live group that gets together on the.

Third. Saturday of every month from 11:00 a. to 400. PM um we do them virtually and we do them live and in person from time to time as well. So if you're in the.

San. Diego area or the. Los. Angeles area or you don't mind driving a few hours to get here you can actually come to.

San. Diego on the. Third. Saturday of the month from 11:00 am to 4 pm to our undisclosed location the.

NLP power uh headquarters and you can participate in a live training and practice and troubleshooting session with me now if you're too far away to participate live or in person you can practice virtually you can log a zoom room and. I'll literally go around the room and. I'll say. Nicki what do you want to learn and.

Gerald what do you want to learn and. Colton what do you want to learn and. Nick what do you want to learn and. Al what do you want to learn and.

I'm going to write those things right. Up on my board. I'm. G to step back and.

I'm. GNA look. At where do they all have in common where the where's the. Connecting.

Threads and. I'm going to create a lesson plan for you right. On the spot okay. And we're going to drill those skills and we're going to troubleshoot the things you are that are most important to you for six hours till you and send you home.

So you can do them in your sleep okay. That's the beauty of the. Mastermind mentoring program it's going to give you the actual live. Hands-On support that you need and want it's going to.

Target only the things that you need to and want to learn about and it's going to do it in a six-h hour format the hours are 11:00 am to 400m. Pacific 11:00 am. to 4. P.M. Pacific.

Okay. Now what's cool one of the things you. I want you to know about this particular program is that this. Mastermind mentoring group this.

Mastermind mentoring group has been running continuously since. October 10th 2010 it's literally 13 years we've been running this program exactly the way we're showing it to you and what when the beautiful part of it is is that we videotaped every single training session and we've archived all of those that 13 years of video on the. NLP power website we've archived some of it on our our our private. Facebook.

Group and we've archived a good chunk of it in our. YouTube channel as a member of the. NLP power. Mastermind mentoring program during your three month trial membership you will have unlimited access to the entire 13-year video archive and it covers everything you can think of from law of attraction to regression to.

Advanced language patterns persuasion and influence accelerated learning traumatology um uh psychic skills energy healing face reading body language training you name it it's in there okay. I will warn you up front that because it is a member driven month-to-month program that the the topics a lot of them will overlap and um a lot of it will be repeated because a lot of people have the same questions and the same things they want to work on. So. But it's still an amazingly invaluable archive and there's stuff in here that has never ever ever ever um seen the light of day it's never been shown on a.

YouTube channel it's never been featured in a product of any kind it's completely private and it's elite it's only for the it's only for the people who participate in. The. Mastermind mentoring program you get three months to try it out if you like it at the end of your at the end of your session we'll show you how to extend your membership if after 90 days you decide hey it was great. But.

I got what. I needed time to move on hey no. Fun no. Harm no.

Foul you just move on and we'll cancel your membership you will lose access to the videos. But you got what you needed and that was what it was about. But if you're interested in having a community being surrounded by people who have the same interest the same desires who want to work on the same things that you want to work on if you're looking for a community that will support you and help you the. NLP power.

Mastermind mentoring program is one of the best parts of. Planet. Davis and. I highly highly uh recommend it.

I'm extraordinarily proud of the people in it and the people who've come through it who've gone on to make powerful changes who are persuasion and uh transformation experts in their own right. Um. I'm you know. I could name names.

But. I won't um. Anyway it's a $891 value we're going to give this to you absolutely free total combined value on this would be set 9,372 okay. And the.

Next bonus we're going to talk about is is again a lot of us are impatient. I often say that impatience is my superpower. So years ago. I created a very special program that was designed to teach people how to hypnotize people in as little as two hours and we called this the stealth instant conversational hypnosis program okay.

And this is designed for people who you can download it tonight be hypnotizing people tomorrow it's that fast this is going to teach you the uh the seven key language patterns how to create anchors how to do instant and. Rapid inductions how to detect um how to use the three magic questions protocol which is a conversational framework that allows you to go from stranger to deep level intimacy and as little as 20 minutes um it comes with manuals um quick start videos and audios as well as transcripts this is a very powerful very comprehensive program we're going to give this to you for 990 uh normally if you were going to buy it uh through our website would be $997 we're going to give it to you absolutely free it's yours free um as a way to just download it now and get started to get started now kind of a program okay. $103 and. Finally for the.

First 21 people to register before. I log off the webinar tonight we've got a very special bonus for you this is the one that um separates the wheat from the chaff takes you from. Zero to. Hero for the.

Next 21 people who grab this package right. Now clicking that link we're going to give you a free fre. VIP super ticket to our. Next 5-day killer influence secrets of covert hypnosis live certification boot camp remember this is the program that for the.

Last four years has been named the number one. NLP training program in the world you're going to get a free seat it's a $3,150 value we're going to take you step by step through all the drills and all the skills and in five full days of. Hands-On training we're going to have to teach you how to control your emotional state at will. So no.

One else can do it for you how to emanate. Charisma on command to how to make people like love trust and. Obey you um in redonkulous amounts of ways how to hypnotize people during normal conversations read anyone instantly detect lies and. So much more there is.

So much juice in this program it. I would be for an hour telling you everything that's in it. But some of the things that you'll learn are the powers of proxemic hypnotic operators this is how can manage and engineer the the spatial relationships between you and other people that cause them to psychologically view you differently. I'll give you an example if you sit below someone's eye level they will view they will be more comfortable with you than if you sit above their eye level if you sit at the head of a table they will see you as more authoritative and more charismatic than somebody who's sitting on the side of the table if you um give somebody a hot drink to hold they will view you with more emo warmth than if you give them a cold drink to hold these are subtle environmental andine engineering things that you can do to change how.

PE how you psychologically position yourself in the minds of other people we'll teach you about social hypnotic operators the five key hypnotic triggers that society and culture and media program into every single human being that when you press those buttons you engage in automatic pre-programmed behaviors by default we'll show you what they are how they work how to become aware of them how to use them. But perhaps even most importantly how to protect yourself against them protect yourself against them okay. We'll talk about dirty rotten tricks these are some of the things that if you encounter some of the the narcissists and the machie vellan these are kind of gray area persuasion tactics that someone might try to pull on you. But you you'll learn how they work how to do them.

So that you can recognize them and protect yourself against them we'll we'll talk about the four pillars of irresistible hypnotic influence. Authority attractivity affinity and acquiescence these are four things that if you understand and master them people will not only feel compelled to do what you want they will want to do the things you want them to do and this is on top of everything we've just talked about in the. Universal persuasion protocol these are amplifiers other things you can do on top of the core training that you're getting in secrets of human influence we'll talk about lie detection and speed profiling face reading and cold reading and how to use those as suggestibility amplifiers how to wield ridiculous amounts of persuasion and influence and. Charisma in any situation or circumstance we're going to show you step by step how to go from stranger to intimate partner in as little as 20 minutes we're going to teach you how to make people want to do the things that they just told you they didn't want to do okay.

It's super powerful it's it's super easy when you have the right. Tools and the blueprints and the step-by-step training that only comes from a killer influence training it's we do more. Hands-On training than any um than any other trainer in the industry and it's designed to do one thing and one thing only it's to put these skills inside of you and give you the ability to use them anytime anywhere under any circumstance for any reason forret's asking is it online yes. For those of you who grab the.

VIP ticket and can't make it we are going to offer a limited seat only hybrid option now. I'll warn you right. I'll warn you that the requirements for certification virtually are harder than if you're in the room with me. But that option is available if that's appropriate okay.

I promise you you want to be in that room if you can. But there will be a hybrid option available okay. Um and we'll let you know if you qualify for that. So if you want to know if you qualify for the online or hybrid training after you click the link be sure to call.

Moss and and he'll go through a few questions with you just to see where you're at and if you qualify um couple other things about our. VIP ticket system one of the things that can we do one class online in the rest of the day's live yes. I don't see why as long as you can make it yes. Absolutely.

I don't see why that would be a problem right. Um again. But for that one day that you're doing it virtual there will be a a higher level of requirement all right. So one of the other things.

I want to. I want to talk to you about while we're on this topic um you know we've been offering we've been doing stupidly good webinar deals now for a lot of years and some people have figured out that sometimes uh the webinar deal is actually better than the things we the the opportunities that we offer at the back of the room. So what they've started doing is they they'll start stocking up on webinar packages they'll buy two or three of them at a time and and hoard those. VIP tickets um.

I will tell you right. Now that that's going away um we've instituted several safeguards and things in place to make it fair for. First timers uh to get access to these. VIP tickets.

U because like. I said there's only 21 of them available right. And people who know the know the secret they'll walk in and they'll buy three or four of them and because we didn't have rules in place um the people who wanted those tickets won't qualify. So there is still a sweeter if you've if you've bought one of these packages before and you've you've bought.

VIP tickets before don't worry all you got to do is give. Moss a call at 858 282 4663 and if you've bought. VIP tickets before you've bought a webinar package with a. VIP ticket before um you'll receive certain prompts reach out to.

Moss and he'll explain to you what's going on and how you can get a reduced price on a. VIP ticket. But. I want you to understand understand all of you that this is a.

First time rule we want people who are who've never been to a live training to get the opportunity to come to a live training right. Um this is and. So. I want.

I want to really reiterate that we we want to make it fair we get that the. VIP tickets are really good deals right. And. So we want to give you guys other options for getting a reduced.

A reduced ticket. But the 21 people is for first-time buyers okay. So please please please if you're a first-time buyer this is for you click that link right. Now save your spot okay.

Um for those of you who need the um the number is 858 282 4663 858 282 4663 you can email. Moss nlpp power.com or you can email. Mia. NLP power.com okay.

And again now uh while we're on that subject uh. I wanna. I want to be very clear about something these packages are also only good until. I log off the webinar.

So here's the thing if you're calling. Moss or or emailing. Mia you got to give us your contact information you got to let us know who you are and that you're calling in because as you're seeing if you if you know the the the phones get super busy all right. If you leave your contact information on our voicemail you will qualify for the bonuses if you do not and you call back tomorrow you will not qualify okay.

So again when you call it's it's it's for the express purpose of you know getting your packages or whatever. But also get when any. Last minute questions you have answer please don't talk for 45 minutes about your life story we'll hear that when you come to the training okay. So this is a $3,150 value this will be held in.

San. Diego. January 23rd through the 27th and yes. There will be a hybrid option available okay.

So for those of you who are weren't going to click that link because of the travel time or the time away from home there's a way around that okay. Um. I'm doing this grudgingly. I.

I will just state that right. Up front couple other things that. I want. I want to one of the things.

I love about this. VIP ticket program a if something comes up at the. Last minute and you can't make it all you do is pick up the phone let us know we'll move you to another training if the training sells out and it will because we've been promoting this now for four or five months. So.

I promise you. Last time we promoted a training this long we had almost 100 people in the room um we had actually over 120 people on it um and over 80 people showed up we that's actually what started our uh our. Handler program we had. So many people.

I had to bring in uh former students to help me. Teach because there were. So many people right. So there's going to be a lot of people coming to this thing.

So you want to be in the front row if something happens that you can't make it maybe you you realiz maybe you couldn't come and. Then at the. Last minute your schedule frees up. But you have one of these.

VIP super tickets we'll make a seat for you right. If you can't go at the. Last minute just pick up the phone let us know we'll move you to another training if you've already had the training and you know somebody who you think would benefit from the training can gift them your. VIP ticket right.

No. Fuss no. Mus if for some reason we raise the price again for this training your price is guaranteed you have that. VIP super ticket it doesn't matter if we charge $10,000 for this program you still get to come okay.

This ticket is good until you use it. So if it takes you four years to get to a live event as long as you're in our database. When you call you can get into the. Next killer influence training that you can can make okay.

So it really is a great deal it's a powerful way for you to get. FaceTime with me to get my personal attention to be surrounded by a group of people who have the same desires and interests that you do who want to do the drills and get the skills. Nikki's asking can we get certified yes. This is a certificate says right.

Here certification boot camp you will be certified as a hypnotist with a specialty in covert and conversational hypnosis yes. Okay. Total value on this program is $3,519 if you were to buy them individually through the website okay. That's what we got for you.

So let's just review this real quick we're going to take a quick break and. Then we're going to go right. Into um we're going to go right. Into uh phase three.

So you're going to get the secrets of you influence home study course uh $2,497 value the weapons of mass instruction uh value at $1,997. Value um. Renegade reframing $1,997 value we're going to give that to you absolutely free you get a carisman conversion $1,997 value absolutely free the. NLP power.

Mastermind mentoring program is an $891 value and the stealth instant conversation hosis crash course. Val at $997. Value we're going to give that to you free and of course the killer influence. VIP super ticket.

January 23rd through the 27th here in. San. Diego go uh please ignore the the typo at the bottom of that particular bullet point um because apparently. I copied this from another another.

PowerPoint and we didn't change the dates the actual dates are. January 23rd through the 27th um let me just type this really quick in the chat you for those of you on. YouTube. I posted the link for the to grab this program.

So this is what we got click the link right. Now grab your course uh reach out to. Moss or. Mia uh.

Nikki's asking this is not an. NLP certification okay. This is a covert influence and hypnosis certification okay. We have a separate training track uh for the.

NLP programs okay. In fact one of the thing one of the prerequisites to getting into my. NLP program is you have to actually have my hypnosis training uh and this is one of the reasons why our our practitioners are. So much better than the average practitioner now that's not a boast that's a fact okay.

Um the whole the whole purpose behind killer influence was to make. NLP skills and covert hypnosis skills and other forms of influence skills userfriendly and easy and and more bulletproof you have killer influence you can walk into any. NLP program and just own it okay. That is not a wild boast that is a fact don't believe me come to the training and.

Then go find somebody's. NLP training and. Then notice how it rocks how you rock it okay. Julie says.

I'm. So excited to go to killer influence. Cher. I'm excited for you too because this is absolutely one of my favorite courses to teach this course has changed the entire persuasion and influence landscape it's used it's our programs are used by.

So many different organizations it's it's not even funny um. But most of you didn't know that the that uh my techniques are used in the. Olympics uh. I know.

I have people in the. Pentagon who use our stuff. I have people who work for certain three-letter agencies or formerly work for certain three-letter agencies who are using the same material. Okay.

Click this link right. Now we're going to take a seven minute break when we come back we're gonna pick up we're going to go into phase three we're going to talk about the the hidden passcode to the human nervous system have how to have people hanging on your every word and we're going to customize the rest of tonight's webinar to exactly the applications that you as a group want to learn about this is the applications phase okay. So go ahead click this link right. Now we're going to take a short seven minute break.

So you can guys can use the restroom get your questions answered order your packages click that link right. Now and. I will see you at 611 give or take a few seconds talk to you soon click that link right. Now we'll see you in a minute all right.

My friends we got about two minutes till our break is over. But since. I'm back from my break early which is usually the case. I'm happy to answer any questions in the chats that you guys might have about anything you want to talk about the package we'll talk about the package you want to you have a specific influence or persuasion question we'll talk about that um when we come back on uh when.

I take the screen you know. I take the. PowerPoint off we're going to enter face three which is the applications phase and. Then this becomes your webinar.

Al. Watson says suggestions for. Imaging blowing up and wrapping okay. So you talk about manipulating your your your pictures okay.

So here's the secret to this use your body like let me let me get out of this really quick um. So for those of you who have trouble manipulating imagery here's what. I want you to do. I want you to.

Simply use your body in other words how many of here how many of you here by a show of hands in the chat have an iPhone or a a a smartphone okay. So you know if if there's if there's an image on your phone right. And you can't see it you can just blow it up right. One of the reasons that we use our hand.

So much is because the act of pantomiming an image bypasses your critical faculty. So if. I point to where. I feel something and.

I reach out and. I touch the picture. I don't have to see that picture. But the moment.

I trace the outline of it even though. I don't see it it makes it re it actually maximizes the reality of it in my nervous system. So once. I know how big it is just like the windows on your iPhone you just make it bigger and you'll feel the shift that's how you start right.

Acting out the change bypasses the part of the firewall in your in your nervous system right. So and again the secret to this is pretend pretending the act of pretending bypasses a lot of the neurological filters that keep you from accessing your imagination and the imaginative faculty of romic nervous system okay. Um. I've talked about this at length in other webinars and other trainings.

But that's the short the short course okay. Okay. Um all right. You're welcome.

Al. Gary says every time. I see this part. I learn something new love it thank you.

Gary all right. So we're at phase three of tonight's webinar and this is again actually one of my favorite parts of the webinar is where because it's things like this where we get to just kind of pull the program you know the structure off to the side and really just fre stop a little bit. I've learned. So much from.

The. Mastermind the. NLP power. Mastermind has done.

So much for my personal development not because. I'm the one teaching it directly. But because every time. I step in front of that crowd of people.

I don't know what they're gonna pardon me. I don't know what they're going to ask me. I don't know what they're going to want to learn about and. So sometimes.

I have one person is asking about regression therapy and another person is asking about seduction and. I got to figure out how to make those two aspects part of the same training and make it make sense and. So the 13 years of having to teach the. Mastermind has forced me to to look.

At things and and put things together in new and different ways that. I've never thought of before and out of that have come other discoveries this segment of the webinar the phase three segment of the webinar in addition to just building on the foundation we laid is another aspect of that this is where we make this content yours. But it forces me to be creative it forces me to find ways to make things not only work. But to be transferable to you right.

Uh. Seth it was actually a multi-billion it was a one 1.2 billion. I think was the ter was the number. But.

Anyway um. Al says. I've learned. So much more from teaching.

So that being being said for the rest of tonight's webinar you. I want you to type in the chat exactly what you want to know about right. I'll give you three. General categories we can build on the uh neurological hacking technique that makes people hang on every word which.

I'm going to teach. Anyway we can talk about how to create instant and. Powerful. Connections in people we can talk about removing resistance we can talk about language patterns uh what do you want to talk about what do you want to uh what do you want to you as a group just type in the chat the top three things that you want to take away from tonight's webinar and we'll spend the rest removing resistance jodian says um defense against the dark arts okay.

Removing resistance. Lacy says okay. Starting to see a pattern already removing resistance. Michela says.

Okay. Um besides the body checklist resistance okay. Neurology language patterns marann is saying bonding keep going come on where to start in the. NLP.

Journey killer influence secrets of human influence that's where you start okay. Uh instant and resistance okay. Removing resistance all right. I think.

I see a theme here all right. So after you click the links we'll go ahead and we'll start on your resistance removal training before. I get into resistance removal. I want to close the loop on uh the the the little tactic.

I talked about uh at the right. Before we went into phase two. Al saying yes. Suggestions with packages were to start.

Then all right. So here's the thing let me just really quick for those of you who are looking for. First steps with. NLP.

I. I have very strong opinions about classical. NLP. I love.

NLP let me let me just be very very clear. NLP has profoundly changed and impacted my life it continues to do that that being said um. I have often found myself at odds with a lot of the things and methods that classical. NLP uses to train their practitioners right.

So that's one of the reasons. I created killer influence as the answer to all those deficits. I found in classical. NLP training uh the.

CPI packages were actually the. Forerunner of killer influence. So originally there was. CPI 1 which.

Later became stealth. CPI and. Then from that came killer influence after that. I created the other.

CPI training. I created the hypnotic presentation skillers which is. CPI 4. I created uh.

Renegade reframing which is. CPI 3 and. Then. I created.

Weapons of. Mass instruction which is cpi2 once you have. CPI 1 or killer influence you can take any of the other cpis in any order that you want that's why the package is structured the way it is right. It's designed to give you the full spectrum of hypnotic influence from the linguistic to the kinesthetic to the environmental to the behavioral right.

Because there will be times and there will be situations where you can't rely on fancy languaging where you have to rely on your behavior you have to rely on environmental and factor in environmental um aspects to get your persuasion goals met. So killer influence goes far beyond classical. NLP in the sense that it's all about practical application and it goes beyond language right. And.

So that's why it didn't start this way. But killer influence has kind of become the prerequisite class for almost all of our other classes it's either going to be killer influence or it's going to be uh identity by. Design those are like the two starting the two major starting points that people have we also have the face reading. U.

But a lot of the face reading interacts with both the killer influence and it in interacts with the therapeutic side. So people are coming either in from the influence track or they're coming in from the therapy side or the counseling side right. We also have the personal development side which is like self hypnosis and things like that. But even that is a derivative of.

I of. IBD or identity by. Design. So for all of you for the vast majority of you and even if you're a therapist or a a coach or a mentor you're.

GNA get way more bang for your buck from killer influence training than any other program because it's designed for you to take out of the out into the world and use it everywhere and. I really mean that because. I didn't design it for you. I should.

I should. I should have probably led with that 99% of the. Technologies and the courses that. I teach.

I didn't make them for you. I made them for me because there were problems. I wanted to solve and the information that was available was fragmented at best contradictory at worst or just completely not usable at all and. So.

I spent a lot of time and a lot of years and a lot of time and money and and just ulous amounts of resources to find the answers and put them together in a way that made sense and was useful for me turns out that. I found a lot of. Kindred. Spirits guys like you who have the same problems the same challenges and the things that.

I found answers to can now yield the same benefits for you if. I if. I were to sit here and list all the things that the. Technologies.

I'm sharing with you have done for me you'd think. I was a. First class liar are just are just completely delusional it's it's it's insane what these things can do that's why. I.

I rely on my veterans and my other students to tell you about a lot of these things because if. I were to if. I were to give you the full scope of all the things that these cour this the skills. I've share with you tonight alone have done for me it would just blow your mind it would.

I like the core the thing we're about to study right. Now which is. Echo technique and resistance removal. I've literally used the resistance removal technique the same exact almost the same exact process that you're going to learn in the.

Next few minutes to talk somebody out of pain to literally argue them out of back pain in fact after you've clicked the link and you you and you you sign off this webinar if you want to see that happen you can go to my. YouTube channel type in instant conversational pain relief and you will literally see me using an application of this resistance removal formula to argue somebody out of back pain. I happened upon that application by accident uh many many years ago. I was teaching a master class on conversational hypnosis and for some strange reason like of the 253 people in the class five of them four or five of them had tenus like ringing in the ears ringing in the ears right.

And. I use this same protocol for them to walk them out of their tenus right. It's really bizarre um. Anyway.

So let's talk about instant yeah instant conversational pain relief um. So let's talk about. Echo technique. First.

Then we'll talk about resistance removal. So here's why we want to talk about the echo technique because it literally hacks a person's nerve it's like the secret passcode to the human nervous system the most powerful words that anyone can hear at any given moment are the words that just came out of their mouth barnun right. Now you don't have to believe this fact. I challenge you to prove it wrong.

I want you to go out in the world and start using this. I want you to start using people's words verbatim the reason for this is is that a when a person speaks the words that come out of their mouth are filtered refined vetted uh there's. So many filtering processes when you go from a thought or an imagination or. AE a memory to the words that come out of your mouth that it's it's almost impossible to calculate the number of filters this is an aspect of deep level.

NLP training. So when you go from primary experience right. Think of that like a um like an 8K video 8K video right. But that video is too big to send through email right.

So what do we do we take that video we save it down to a smaller size and. Then a smaller size and. Then a smaller size and. Then a smaller size until it's.

Finally small enough to send through an email server or a zip file or whatever now we get that file right. And we want to see it in the original 8K. So when we try to blow it up to 8K the entire image disappears because every time we saved it down more and more and more information was taken out this is the normal process of a human encoding and decoding and recoding their communication when we go from a thought to words. But the words that come out of our mouth have passed every single neurological filter from our deepest level values beliefs and memories all the way up to our most superficial thoughts ideas and context okay.

You guys with me. So far in other words the words that come out of my mouth are a direct key to lock fit to that ner nous system when that person hears those words the words that just came out of their mouth coming back to them it triggers a chain reaction of sameness inside of them they start checking neurological boxes remember that checklist idea we started talking about when a person's words come back to them they start checking boxes check a certain number of boxes the body generates a certain kinds of certain set of feelings those feelings are almost always positive they're almost always desirable and they always want more who are they looking at when those feelings come up well. I'm going to skip to the end they're going to be looking at you. So the the the the echo technique sends very very powerful signals of sameness from you to the person that you're interacting with when you do that it will literally force them to pay attention to you right.

How many of you have ever been to a party type it in the chat if you've been to a party okay. Good now let me paint the picture for you okay. You're at a big loud noisy party lots of people around you're on one side of the room you're having a conversation with somebody and. Then from across the room somebody with their back to you mentions your name and from across the room you hear it and go what anybody ever have that happen okay.

Why why how how in this big noisy room the person's back is to you your back is to them you're engaged in a conversation with a group of people they're engaged in a completely separate conversation there's people in between there's music playing whatever and you hear your name how does that work it works because the part of you that's pre-conscious that runs your heart that keeps your lungs breathing keeps your hormones flowing that. Primal brain is constantly surveying the environment you're in searching for anything relevant to itself it's searching for danger it's searching for safety it's searching for friends it's searching for enemies. So it's completely selfish and it's searching for anything that's important to it. So when your name is heard even though consciously you're focused on something else there's a ping in your nervous system and all of a sudden you.

Orient on the source when you give somebody their very own words back to them it pings their nervous system like they're standing. Next to a huge bell they can't not pay attention to you and because they're getting the exact same words back that they gave you it triggers all the neuro associations all the emotional and value driven uh connections at every level of their. Neurology in a pleasurable way it's signal sameness to the person and it validates their experience it makes them feel heard understood accepted how many of you have ever had somebody really listen to you like they act like you got the impression from them that they not only heard you. But they saw you right.

They got you in all the ways that were important to you how many of you have ever had that experience go ahead and type it in the chat let me ask you a question did it suck was it unpleasant. Gary says it feels really good right. This is what happens when you use the echo technique when you use a person's very own words with them neurologically they can't not pay attention to you neurologically it will trigger that same feeling of being heard seen validated understood and the level of. Rapport and connection that they will feel towards you goes up exponentially the longer they talk the more connected and attractive to you attracted to you they become okay.

This is no. Joke this this phenomena is an aspect of what we call the identification principle. But it's been validated by no. At least three different independent organizations it's been validated by.

Stanford. University by. Alexander. Penland in his in his studies on honest signals it's been validated by.

David. Grove in his teachings on clean language it's been valid dated by. Chris. Voss um in his teachings on in and negotiation tactics called tactical empathy okay.

When you use the echo technique you. Auto you're automatically in just about every single filter that. NLP wants you to elicit and use individually right. Remember.

I gave you that whole seven stage. Universal persuasion protocol you guys remember that know your outcome control your state get. Rapport use your language manage their state jump into their process bond to their criteria and values you guys remember that yes. Or yes.

When you use the echo technique you're automatically activating five of them five of the seven stages are are activated when you use the one technique can you see why. I teach it. First okay. Automatically generates report automatically triggers their their state through language automatically causes them to pay attention to you which allows you to manage their state it automatically manages whatever strategies they're in whatever.

Behavior code that they have perfect match automatically indirectly links to their values just by using their words now are there layers to this and more advanced yes. But do you need that to get what you want no. No. This is good enough for you to start if you want the deeper trainings grab that click the link and grab the rest of the package you'll get to rest of the system.

But the secret to this is when you start to talk with somebody when you start to conversation converse with somebody the principle is very very simple use as many of their words in your responses and in your question questions as human as humanly possible. Micha says even when they notice they don't mind 99% of the time that's 100% true and if you want to really make it bulletproof that's even simpler if you if you accept and embody the idea that the the echo technique the principle upon which it's founded is actually based on the most pref preferable and desirable way for one human being to communicate and be communicated with by another human being if you understand that we are neurologically biologically socially evolutionarily programmed for this kind of communication. Then the act of not using it actually is makes you the bad guy okay. So.

I want you to understand this. So the secret to this is when you move through the world if you have if you if you move through the world embodying the understanding that the echo technique allows anyone you communicate with the gift of feeling seen and heard accepted validated forces you to pay more attention to them than anybody ever has okay. And primes them to keep talking okay. The very fact that you're taking the extra time to learn this and do this puts you in a very special place it allows you to move through the world with the tools to understand people better to communicate with the way with them in the way that nature and.

God and all the forces in between design them to be communicated with and if you're doing this with somebody and you're doing it because you want them to feel that way because you want them to experience being understood and heard and validated if they call you on it all you have to look. Do is look. At them and say. I just want you to know that.

I. I'm. I'm want to understand you better is that okay. Now if they say no.

You have other problems right. So the secret to this is take this idea of the echo technique and build your communication style around it now. I will tell you that when you do this you're. G to feel weird at.

First and the reason you're going to feel weird is because to use the echo technique consciously means you have to deviate from your natural normal organically derived way of talking to people because instead of using your words to make yourself understood you're going to use their words and their understandings to be communicating more effectively and create that. Bond because you're doing something different than your normal native method of communication you're going to feel weird you're going to be a little bit more self-conscious kind of like wearing somebody else's shoes like they may fit. But they're not yours right. Until you worn those shoes long enough that they can form of your foot and now they're your shoes that's exactly what's going to happen with the echo technique now that particular phenomena that particular aspect is called the spotlight effect the spotlight effect is where we feel self-conscious because we're doing something that's not comfortable for us.

But the and that's not really the problem the problem is the other the other aspect of the spotlight effect is where we project that out we think that because we know we're doing something different because we're doing something we're not 100% comfortable with that everybody else that we interact with knows it too and that is false okay. Uh you can talk to the people in the chats they'll tell you it's almost it's redonkulous hard to get caught with the echo technique and even when you do it even when it does happen when you do it from the right. Place it doesn't matter okay. And.

I've tested. I've tested. I've challenged people go out and try to get. Coles right.

It really is uh a very powerful uh simple thing to do right. Now one of the things you can go you can go check on me with is go back to all the early. YouTube videos where. I'm teaching the echo technique notice how many times.

I'm using the echo technique on somebody in the audience who raised their hand to challenge me on the echo technique and how many times. I'm echoing them. I'm. I'm echoing directly at them the entire audience is laughing their butts off and the person.

I'm talking to is completely obliv right. You can see it live and in person this is one of the reasons why. I love doing. Live.

Events is because you know it's like one thing to make claims on a on a. YouTube video or or or on a webinar. But to see it happen in real life right. In front of you after it was just explained we had spycraft with.

Chase used two years a three years ago. I had one guy stand up argued with me for like 10 15 minutes about whether the echo technique would work and. I was echoing him the whole time time and he was completely oblivious maybe not quite 10 or 15 minutes. But everybody was he couldn't figure out why everybody was laughing right.

And here's why because when the echo technique is deployed at you you feel heard you feel understood everything seems like it's it's the way it's supposed to be. But the people on either side of you that's not their words. Therefore it jumps out at them. But the person you're doing it with oh they're in their own little world they're happy as a clan right.

So the echo technique is one of the core skills that everything else hinges around whether you're using emotional bonding whether you're using three magic questions whether you're using resistance removal which is where we're going to go. Next right. The most powerful words any human being can hear are the ones that just came out of their mouth does that make sense okay. Good are you guys are you guys learning stuff is this useful is this helpful yes.

Or yes. Okay. Good okay. So.

Next thing resistance removal now resistance removal as. I teach it is based on the work of re another researcher who. I respect a lot his name is. Michael pantelon uh and the name of his book.

Is called instant influence okay. Now again. Dr pantelon created his proog his protocols in the context of motivational interviewing and conflict resolution. I grabbed a hold of it and.

I started using it for anything modulated by the autonomic nervous system. So the this the inspiration is from pantelon work uh what. I'm sharing with you is my my approach to it. So when we're doing resistance removal the.

First thing that has to happen is we have to restore a person's uh sense of personal autonomy. So what is personal autonomy. I'm glad you asked hold that thought because um this is going to go quick and. I want to make sure that.

I have a chance to give you guys um uh. Second call. Second to. Last call for the secrets of human influence home study program remember this this goes away when.

I log off. So secrets of human influence is uh the home influence home study course $2,497 value it comes with the weapons of mass instruction $1,997 value we're going to give that to you free uh the. Renegade reframe uh instant conversational belief change home study course $1,997 value we're going to give that to you free uh. Charisma conversion $1,997 value we're going to give that to you free three-month trial membership to the.

NLP power. Mastermind mentoring program and the 13-year video archive $891 value we're going to give that to you free you're going to get the stealth in conversational. NOS is. Crash.

Course $997 value we're going to give that to you free and. Then of course you're going to get that. VIP super ticket to the 5day killer influence uh hypnosis certification home study course. January uh 23rd through the 27th 2023 again please ignore um these dates here these are not the accurate dates the actual dates are.

January 23rd through the 27th the $3,150 value we're going to give it to you free um first-time buyers only $ 13,519 package we're going to give it to you for one low installment of $9.97 or if you need help you can break that up into three easy installments of just 3.97 each just click that link right. Now www. killer influence.com go click the link click the link click the link and that's my. Second call to action for tonight's webinar grab it now before it's gone because um this will be one of the fewer times that we we offer this. So that being said let's get back to all right.

So personal autonomy autonomy is a person's sense of right. To choose of personal power the ability to make a decision and have that decision enforced and expressed what happens with a lot of people is they feel attacked they feel reactant. So how many people here have seen my resistance removal video where. I talk about the three types of resistance plus reactants now okay.

So let's talk about this really quick. So resistance in in. Planet. David comes in three formulas or three or three plus one uh varieties.

First is the the biological reactants that or resistance have this is called reactants. I call it the you factor. So if. I walk up to somebody and.

I push them or. I pull on them that digging in effect where they they root down and they they resist being pushed they resist being pulled combined with the desire to push or pull back that's called physical reactants the same thing happens when somebody comes at us and forces their opinion on us or tries to um give us um instructions we don't ask for it's called psychological reactives okay. I call it the you factor because every human being on the planet experiences it to some degree in various contexts the problem that we have and one of the paradoxes that we have when we want somebody to generate the re their own reasons for doing what we want them to do is if you've attacked them or you've tried to argue them or logic them into doing what you want them to do one thing you can count on is that any rationale any belief any um rationalization belief or objection that gets challenged gets stronger. So let me explain that if.

I if someone comes up to me and says uh. I think you should buy. David's course because it will change your life and. First thing out of the person's mouth says.

I can't afford it and. I start giving you all the reasons why you can't afford it it doesn't matter how right. I am right. Because the moment.

I start attacking a person's reason for not for doing the thing. I want them to do or for not doing the thing. I want them to do that resistance actually gets stronger. I actually got physical confirmation of this in my.

Systema training in the martial arts where uh in. Systema their art is around not giving any resistance at all to anything anybody does to you because when you resist them you make them stronger it's actually definitely it's absolutely true in the physical body it's 100% true in the mental body. So if you want somebody to dig their heels in and get even more reactant and more resistant all you have to do is try to argue with them try to attack them the problem with it is is that when people go into this reactant mode it's a form of fight. ORF flight it's a form of fight or flight and.

So what happens is their body feelings change their percep filters change and now anything you say to them gets filtered through the lens of they trying to manipulate me they're trying to make me do something. I don't want to do you following me. So far because of the way we expressed ourselves and the and the level of the brain that we tried to influence those people their body generated negative feelings and those negative feelings caused a. Cascade of filters to shift and.

So now anything we say is. Tainted because of their own body feelings and their own filters. So the very. First thing that has to happen if you want people to voluntarily do the things they just said they don't want to do is you must restore their sense of personal choice we call it autonomy.

So let me give you a quick example of this somebody. I you guys know. I. I saw clients for 16 17 years.

I the number of of years changes is with the webinars because. I can't remember an exact number. But it's been since 2005 right. I still see clients today just not as many and.

I charge a whole lot more. But. I still see clients today. So for those of you who want to work with one of my associates or work with the the therapist in.

Planet. David give him. El a call and he'll show you the process for doing that with one of our people or ultimately with me if you want to do that. U be that as it may one of the things that would happen is people would come in and they say uh.

I need you to make me do. X and be like that's to be the. First red flag as you for you as a therapist anybody comes into you and says. I need you to make me do something 99% chance they don't want to do it they're there because somebody else wants them to do it.

So. First thing. I would say to them let's let's use a a smoke sensation or weight loss as an example and they'll say hey. Dr.

David. I look. I need you to make me quit smoking and. I'll be like you need me to make you quit smoking yeah.

I need you to just work your magic do your mojo and just make me stop smoking. So. I can get back to my life oh okay. So let me ask you a question um do you really do you really want to quit smoking yes.

Oh. So let me ask you a question does somebody else want you to quit smoking uh well yeah my wife's been on my case and my kids are saying. I smell like an ashtray and and. I'm just tired of hearing about it.

So like if you could just do whatever it is you do and and and make me stop smoking um that would probably be best okay. So just. So. I understand you better your your your kids are saying you smell like an astray your wife's been on your case and you just wanted me to make you stop smoking yeah doc can you help me no.

What. I said look. I'm going to be honest with you. Mr.

Jones or. Joe right. When you come in to this office my job is to give you what you want right. I am your guy.

I am your. Advocate. I am your change professional whatever word you want to assign with friend. Mentor guide whatever okay.

So. I'm going to be very very honest with you if you don't want to quit smoking. I support you 100% you know balls to the wall. I will stand by your side.

I will be your. Advocate to your family to help to to protect your right. To keep smoking right. If you w to be if you want to enjoy smoking more.

I'll help you do that if you want to come in here do a deep relaxation session walk out tell your wife it didn't work and go back your life. I'll do that too if you want to just go home and say it didn't work right. Or or whatever. I support you on that why is that because.

Joe it's like this my job is to give you what you want not what your wife wants not what your kids want or your boss wants or your whatever significant other you may have or whatever agency involved my job is to be your guy. So. I'm going to give you what you want and. I'm going to support you in whatever direction that goes and just.

So. I understand you better. Joe if you you. Joe not.

Joe's wife not. Jo's kids were to in fact want to quit smoking for you for your reasons not your wife's reasons not your kids. Reon for. Joe's reasons if you or to want to do that.

I'm wondering. I'm curious why might you want to do that for you wow um well. I never really thought about it. But well you know.

I've noticed uh lately. I've been getting kind of short of breath and my kids are still young and they still want to play and stuff like and sometimes. I get winded and. I kind of hold back because uh you know.

I don't want to. I don't want to look. Like an old man and maybe that's the cigarettes you know and. I could probably.

I could probably use the extra money um from all the all the all the cigarettes. I'm buying. So you know that that might be a good re oh okay. So let me just.

So. I understand you better your kids are young. But you notice that they still want to play with you. But you got the shortness of breath going on and you think it might be the cigarettes and you want to kind of do some and you said you're spending a lot of money on cigarettes you could use for other things is is that am.

I close with that yeah yeah it's it's. I think it's. I think it's a health thing. I.

I think. I think. I'd be better off not smoking. So.

I have the energy and. I you know. I'm gonna be around for a while if you know what. I mean okay.

Okay. And of course the money is you know money. W wouldn't suck either. I said okay.

Great. So just. So. I understand you better if you could live longer breathe better and save some money that might be worth quitting for true not true yeah that's that's about right.

So let me ask you this on a scale of yeah one to 10 how much might you want to quit for those reasons how much might you want to do that well um. I guess four five four or five you know that's about right. Yeah four or five really why. So much how come you didn't rate that less why do you want that.

So much what. I said why do you want this. So bad why didn't you rate it less well. I said because.

I want. I want to be healthy. I want to live longer you know you know not to mention the money. But you know that's no.

Good having money if you ain't around to spend it right. Okay. Okay. So.

I'm curious what's the. Next step we need to take for you to live longer and spend that money well. I guess we need to we need to get off the cigarettes okay. What's the.

Next step we need to take to do that. I guess we do the session okay. Let's go do that right. It's actually really easy.

But the most important step is the. First one you got to convince them at their core that you support their rights not to do the things they just said they don't want to do because if you don't satisfy that step it doesn't matter what you say they will spin it they will massage it as a way of of you is somehow trying to manipulate them okay. Well again you heard the echo right. I tried to.

I again that's that's what it looks like that's what it sounds like and honest and there's people in in here who seen me do this out in the real world they've seen me do this over the phone right. I mean this is how when. I you know in identity by. Design.

I teach a 30 minute consultation process that has about a 90% nine out of 10 conversion rate this is part of it right. Thank you. Richard. Richard says that was brilliant echoing at its yeah again.

I've been doing this a while. But here's the thing and. I want you to really get this you don't need to be as smooth as me for this to work. I just model that.

So you have your neurology has a template to grow into. But believe me when. I say you could literally just follow the numbers on the on the cheat sheet and it'll work as long as you can get them through the. First phase which is restore personal autonomy okay.

You got to make them believe that you're on their side that you support them no. Matter what one of the ways one of the one of the hacks to this is the echo technique because the echo technique stimulates all of their filters all the way down to the deepest emotions and the person feels heard they feel understood they feel accepted they feel validated that's a that's an automatic effect of just echoing alone now when you go through the rest of the process they just fall right. Into it. So.

Al says no. But it is enjoyable to what listen to you like the oh you're talking. I was talking about language patterns that's a that's a different training. But you if you want to learn that we'll talk about that.

So let's look. At the template for the resistance removal technique and walk through it okay. Before. I do uh let me ask you a question if you guys were click that link right.

Now for your own reasons why might you want to do that on a scale of 0 to 10 of 1 to 10 how much might you want to do that how soon you want to get started click the link. I know. I don't play fair. But.

I'm doing this for your highest good because. I love you to become. Superman that's right. Jodian click that link and you become.

Superman or superum or whatever. Al says. I started two weeks ago and love it yeah here's the thing you only get better jodian says. I already have well done okay.

So once again secrets of human influence home study course $2,497 value. Weapons of. Mass instruction $1,997 value we're going to give that to you free. Renegade reframing $1,997 value we're going to give that to you free.

Charisma conversion $1,997 free um. NLP power. Mastermind mentoring stealth instant conversation nois crash course 5-day. VIP super ticket to the certification boot camp $33,150 value total package $1 13,519 now keep in mind.

I'm teaching you bits and pieces of the entire system and look. At what you can do with it look. At what's powerful with it the whole system makes you. Godlike in in terms of what you can do with it if you do the training if you don't do the training doesn't matter what you buy right.

So if you're not willing to do the training don't buy the course right. If you're not ready to change your life don't buy the course right. But if you're ready you're ready to stop being the same start being the best version of yourself to hear more yeses click this link and join me in. Planet.

David and start getting your superhero training off and running all right. All right. Let's look. At the resistance removal protocol the template and this is actually a really fun one.

But the reason. I demonstrate it. First is because. I want you to experience it and.

I may. I may actually do a just kind of like we did the emotional bonding exercise. I may actually do a group drill with you just for fun. But um here's a resistance removal formula okay.

So can everybody see this okay. Okay. So the. First thing you got to do guys is you got to restore their sense of freedom and personal choice right.

If you can't do that that you're dead in the water right. Now in killer influence and uh the. Advanced. Training we'll show you an advanced version of this called the criteria lock which is a combination of the resistance removal formula with the emotional bonding checklist and it's just not fair even though it's completely ethical and honest um.

So if you guys are interested in the the the the most unbeatable version of this. I invite you to click that link and join us on the inside in the meantime though um oops that didn't work out quite the way. I was planning all right. So.

First thing is restore their sense of personal autonomy you've got to acknowledge their right. To say no. And support that right. To say no.

You got to reaffirm their right. To say no. You notice that. I spent the majority of the time when.

I was walking you through the demo of the of the resistance removal formula you notice. I spent the majority of the time on the autonomy part right. Because that's going to take the longest especially if people have been beating them up for weeks and months and years at a time because they don't believe you they really don't. So the more things you the more powerful your state control the more powerful your.

Rapport skills um the the faster you get there okay. Um. So the question becomes after you've restored personal autonomy if you were to want to do. X whatever that is lose weight stop smoking go out in a date with me um buy my product uh keep my product whatever why if you were to want to do.

X why this is one of the few times where we want to lead with a. Y question why might you want to do that why might you now the. SEC now by the wayless you focus on the why believe it or not the most important word in this sentence is might okay. I'll give you a little clue here the word might belongs to a category of language patterns known as modal operators of possibility you have different kinds of modal operators at work in the human nervous system the word might gives you and installs flexibility where none existed before it gives a person the the ability to step into a reality or an experience that they would not give thems permission to imagine without it that's basically what you need to know.

So when you use the word might it actually puts people in a different head space where they're willing to entertain the idea of something whereas if you try to go why do you want to do that they're gonna say. I don't. But if you say why might you want to do that it implies the possibility that there is a a reason why they would want to do that and because there's a possibility they now can fill it in with something. So why and might are the two most important words in that statement if you were to want to do.

X why might you want to do that why might you want to do that all right. Then what you're going to do is what we call the master. Echo sequence you're going to validate their experience in other words they're going to give you a statement right. To.

So um what this sounds like is. I was talking to. Joe. I said.

Joe if you would have want to quit smoking for your reasons why might you want to do that and. Joe said well you. I've been getting short of breath lately and uh. I kind of like to live longer.

I said oh. I see. I get it. I'm totally with you.

So you you're short of breath and you want to live longer. So just. So. I understand you better what's important to you about that or or on a scale of.

Z to 10 why how much might you want to do that. So if you go back and again review the video because. I'm going to go quick here when. Joe gave me his answer.

I said why might you want to do that. Joe it's. X and. Y and.

Z. I said oh. I'm totally with you on that. I get it.

So you want to do you want to quit smoking because of. X and. Y and. Z and.

Then we ask another question just. So. I understand you better on a scale of 0 to 10 that's my. Next question how much might you want to do that okay.

So when we we we we look. At this segment what you're seeing is what you'll hear when you come to killer influence you'll learn something called the master. Echo sequence this is a basic conversational framework that allows you to seamlessly flow with your. Echo techniques it involves asking a question paying attention to the response validating the response that you get echoing their words and.

Then asking a different or another question all right. It's really really it makes it just stupidly simple to. Echo anyone anytime anywhere and have a very very powerful deep. Rapport building connection driving conversation that the person doesn't want to give up and you don't have to say hardly anything okay.

So once again if you were to want to do. X whatever. X is why might you want to do that you validate what they said you pay attention you validate what they said. So you got to let them know that whatever they said is 100% right.

In your world too you're completely on board with it you agree with it right. You learn nuances and and variations on this aspect in the live training. But for right. Now this is good enough you.

Echo the words that just came out of their mouth you ask your. Next question that question is almost always going to be in in the resistance removal on a scale of 0 to 10 and actually. I. I would change that.

I would make that from 1 to 10 on a scale of 1 to 10 how much might there's that word again might you want to do that they're going to give you a number okay. They give you a one does it matter no. They give you a 10 does it matter no. Regardless of the number they give you you're going to.

Echo their words you're going to validate their answers you're going to ask your. Next question you're going to soften. So. I'm curious why.

So much why didn't you rate it less why. So much why didn't you rate it less and many times when you when you deploy that question you will see them do a double take. I kind of acted that out for you. I kind of acted it out for you during my demo when.

I said. So. Joe just. So.

I understand why. So much why do you want this. So much why didn't you rate it less and the guy was what because they're. So used to people attacking them for not doing something or not wanting something enough that's what they tend to assume you're going to do.

Next and that's why you got the. Double. Take sometimes because they think you're going to say well why don't you want that more. But what you say instead is why why do you want that.

So much why didn't you rate that less why didn't you rate it less why do you want it. So bad right. And now what happens in that moment their cognition flips. So rather than defending their reasons why they didn't rate it more they have to defend their reasons why they didn't rate it less and now in the act of.

Defending that rationale for why they didn't rate it less their desire to do it goes up it's the same exact mechanism that you had to try to overcome using rhetoric that made it stronger. But now that resisting you in the direction of change okay. Remember the principle is very simple the rationalization the belief the excuse that gets challenged directly only grows stronger okay. And if you if you've got a person in the grip of reactants they're going to see the world through that filter.

So you've got to interrupt that pattern you've got to neutralize it and more often than not the most efficient and effective way to neutralize that pattern is to blend with it and lead from within we challenge in the direction that we want. So um when. I'm doing when. I'm getting.

PE. So. Richard says. I feel better about quitting something.

I've never started damn well again it it does interrupt the pattern. But it also changes the direction of the pattern right. A lot of times when we talk about hypnosis especially classical hypnosis you'll hear people talk about um bypassing the critical faculty of the conscious mind and creating acceptable selective thinking that's true enough to be true in classical hypnosis. But in covert hypnosis a lot of times it's not necessarily that we're bypassing it the critical faculty.

So much as reorienting it in other words there's a little bit of a bypass because we have to reach in change the direction it's pointing and moving that. Direction. But we're not necessarily always just sending it out for pizza we're just redirecting its focus we're changing its focus. So you can consider that as bypassing.

I consider it more as a redirection of it and in covert hypnosis that's really that's really a big piece that separates it from classical hypnosis where we're literally sending the conscious mind out for pizza right. Um or putting or bringing things in below the threshold of conscious awareness whereas with this particular process we're we're changing the direction that filter is pointing. So it filters in the direction of the change we want them to make. I hope that.

I. I get again. I'm getting a little bit more techy than. I normally would in a beginner level seminar.

But that's kind of how. I see it okay. There's a lot this is a very deep field and. I love it it's fascinating to me.

But you know what's funny is the deeper. I go into behavior and influence and all these things the more. I keep coming back to these super simple profound basic techniques these foundational techniques because. I haven't found many things that can supersede them and that's why.

I teach them to you now. I've created whole systems where everything is powerful. But if you needed to get something done today this will do it okay. So restore personal autonomy if you were to want to do this for your reasons why might you want to do that echo or.

Val pay attention. Echo validate. Echo ask again scale of 0 to 10 how much might you want to do that why. So much why didn't you rate it less what's the.

Next step we need to take to move forward right. That's the basic protocol well. So how do. I remove the little voice that just saidwell how am.

I going to remember this and implement it well here's the beautiful thing jodian a you're coming to the training. So you're gonna overlearn this you're. GNA know how to do this in your sleep because you're going to get a redonkulous amount of repetitions doing this on people and having it done on you. So that's inevitable.

But you also get this video this video is going to have a replay and you can watch it as many times as you want right. But also we have this thing called screen share. So go ahead and take a screenshot right. These are just my notes remember something techniques are important.

But at the end of the day at the end of the day it's more about the person using the technique than it is about the technique and. So part of my job as. I teach you to become more aware of yourself and aware of the world around you is to help you become the person who can do all of these techniques naturally as a natural byproduct of your training and be growing into the person you truly want to be and becoming the best versions of yourself right. But again for those of you who've clicked the link you're going to have three months of one-on-one training with me in the.

Mastermind group you can practice these techniques backwards and forwards you're going to make friends at the training both virtually and in person that you can train with and practice with. So there's a lot of different ways that you can go back over this material and. I highly recommend you take advantage of all of them the fastest most powerful way to embody all of this is to click that link in your chats right. Now grab your package come to the events and do the drills and embody and personify the skills it's that simple just click the links and go from there okay.

Perfect all right. Mia was kind enough to place those in the chat and uh you guys have fun you guys learn some stuff all right. Let me do this one. Last time this is our final call call after this the fast action bonuses that.

VIP ticket goes away. So please please please click your link right. Now remember you're going to get the secrets of human influence killer influence home study course the world's number one. NLP training program in the world $2,497 value you're going to get weapons of mass instruction the ultimate training and storytelling and neurologically based narrative persuasion techniques it's stupidly powerful um.

But you need to have the the secrets of you influence or killer influence curriculum under your belt to make the most of it $1,997 value we're going to give that to you free you're going to get. CPI 3 the. Renegade reframing home study course how to overcome any objection or change any belief in seconds $1,997 value we're going to give that to you free you're going to get the. Charisma and conversion home study course for those of you who make your living through presentation.

Zoom social media meetups uh boardrooms seminars workshops whatever this is the most powerful way to help people learn faster and deeper and. Inspire them and motivate them to take their relationship with you to the. Next level it is completely transform my life and my business. I give it to you with an open heart.

So that you can leverage your life too right. $1,997 value. I'm using this to level the playing field. So you're not always the one rushing to the back of the room to buy the things um and.

I hope you use it ethically. But it will also protect you against people who are using it less than ethically you're going to get three months of training in the. NLP power. Mastermind mentoring program it's an $891 value we're going to give that to you free you're going to get the stealth instant conversation hypnosis crash course $997 value absolutely free and.

Then. Finally you get your. VIP. Anything.

Goes. Super ticket to the. Next 5day killer influence certification covert hypnosis home study course or not home study course live event event here in. San.

Diego. January 23rd through the 27th 2024 it's a $33,150 value total package is $1 13,519 you can grab it all for one low installment at $99.97 or you can break it up into three easy installments of 397 each just click that link right. Now before. I log off www. killer influence.com slgo click the link click the link click the link.

Last chance because in the words of the immortal. Bernette. I'm. So glad we had this time together just to have a laugh or sing a song seems we just got started and before you know it comes the time we have to say.

So long click the link guys. I'll see you on the other side. I can't wait to see the things that you accomplish with this course under your belt and everything that's heading your way. I love you good night.

God bless.
