Title: XCdn2r3pYvk.txt
Video Id: XCdn2r3pYvk
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XCdn2r3pYvk

Foreign this is. Dr. David checking in. I.

So wish we could actually like uh and chat face to like actual like when we do with zoom you know. But. I'll take the chats for now. So it's.

Friday night. I'm feeling my oats a little bit or. Friday afternoon. I should say for some of you it's.

Friday night. Jeanette says hello from. Australia hello pH alkaline. Joe.

Sheila. Denise jode. Hill. Jeanette and.

Adriana. Aisha. Sheila okay. So you got me for a little while till my.

Next client shows up we want to talk about what's uh what's been on your minds. I've been away for a while. I've been uh in. Australia touring the countryside and kind of seeing what my folks down below the equator are up to our.

Wallace says rock on. Tatiana hey. Sonic chronic. Dallas priest there's a whole lot in that sentence have we met in real life.

Sonic there's. Danka hey. Sweetie. Pie how you doing it's.

Saturday here. So you must be in. Australia okay. Jeanette.

I still can't get the heart thing right. I'm working on it though like my heart's all misshapen. I guess white guys can't do two hearts hand. Hearts hey.

Matt hey there's. Laura if you guys got any questions anything you want to talk about today what's on your mind hey. Eric good to see you again brother hey who's all coming to. Hypno.

Thoughts you guys coming to see me and hitting up thoughts you're going to do the 11 day uh back to back marathon training with me judge in the oh and the. Balkans wow okay. Cool. I think.

I think. Jude you're my you're my. First. Balkan student any tips on reading faster um photo reading is really good uh the.

Evelyn. Woods speed reading training has been around forever um the only other suggestion is to actually increase your processing speed. So nlps processes for like time. Distortion and accelerated cognition that might indirectly improve your reading speed those would be the only things that um that come to mind uh danke says.

I'm just about to fall asleep. Then boom you showed up. First has image in my mind and actual notification well perhaps it were just in sync that way. Danka you know what.

I'm saying no. I'm saying baby uh narwala says what's our back-to-back selection this year uh actually it's really good uh we have the four day identity by. Design uh super uh. Zero to.

Hero uh hypnotherapy certification and. Then. I'll be teaching three four two four hour blocks and one one hour block. So we'll be teaching hidden.

Laws of. Attraction we'll be teaching face reading for. Fun and. Profit um and.

Then. I think oh speed hypnosis energy healing. So we've been getting a tremendous tremendous amount of um inquiries about beginner intermediate and. Advanced.

Energy trainings and. So probably you'll probably see a little bit of it in 2024. But 2025 will be doing a whole lot more with energetics and spirituality and things of that nature. But uh for those of you who want to get a head start on it on the post conference for.

Hypno. Thoughts we'll be doing a four-day vibrational healing and. I'll be pulling out some seriously powerful stuff uh stuff that's never seen the light of day outside of certain closed door circles. So.

I'm excited to be able to kind of play with you guys for that uh and. Then of course whatever the the folks that have no. Thoughts want me to fill in they they when people bail or or. Pretenders don't show up a lot of times um they'll come to me to fill a slot.

I actually had presenter other presenters come to me. Last year uh to fill in because they got covered they couldn't teach the class. So. I taught their classes for them uh.

So. I'm kind of the guy that people come to um when they want something cool um. But at the spur of the moment because. I seem to have a lot of stuff uh let's see here uh who says.

I'm from. Yemen. I live in the book. Currently in the.

Balkans okay. You're just an international citizen aren't you dude. So. HDL you're doing seven days uh.

So just to to make it more clear. Hypno. Thoughts 11 day hypnotic certification celebration is four day identity by. Design and.

Then hidden. Laws of. Attraction energy healing speed hypnosis and pH feeding for. Fun and.

Profit and. Then the post conference is the four day vibrational healing uh accelerated certification program okay. Uh let's see here. So.

Sheila says. I haven't seen you for a long time. I feel that's what. I needed for today do you have any tips for self-confidence um about the.

Imposter syndrome yeah everybody goes through it feeling like an imposter is actually relatively healthy um it's very common uh understand that your nervous system always makes things look. About 400 percent well. I mean let me put it to it a different way if if good things have a charge of one like. So you have a good event your nervous system gives it a gravity of one if you have something that's negative it gives it a gravity of four.

So um hold that thought for just a. Second sorry about that. I had a. I had a phone call.

I had to take for a. Second. But um imposter syndrome is something that we all go through. I certainly have and.

I continue to go through it from time to time depending you know depending on this on the sun spots and things like that the secret is chances are if you feel like an imposter you're probably not [Music] um. I know a very very famous uh persuasion and influence. Behavioral. Sciences trainer um that had similar feelings that.

I did and he came to me one time and he asked me about um that kinds of feeling and. I said. I think everybody has it it's normal it's human especially when you're good at something or you're doing something like if it's something that's on your golden path many times something that comes. So easy for you and doesn't come easy for everyone else we feel like what's the big deal.

I'm not that good. But in reality it's because you have a talent or a skill or an ability that you've earned the the right. To access in this lifetime or you came in with those genes flipped on and because it's easy for us we assume it's easy for everybody because it's easy for everybody we don't see what's the big deal right. You should understand the train of logic.

So and a lot of times the. Imposter syndromes that we deal with have their roots in early childhood and. So the fastest way to find out where it comes from if it's something that you feel you you need to get rid of for lack of a better word is to ask yourself a simple question when did. I.

First when have when did. I. First ever feel this way and who was it with and follow your. First impression use the six dynamics of an unconscious response um and and follow that and you'll find out very very quickly that the feelings you're having aren't really about the present moment they're connected to that very.

First experience and when you resolve it at that level. Then those imposter feelings or whatever other feelings tend to hold you back all the many beliefs kind of have their etiology um this way uh and you'll find that a lot of that starts to clear up for you'll have a sudden. Epiphany or or a change in how you think about your skills and abilities um that dramatically changes your life experience uh let's see here uh. I hope that helps.

Sheila. But confidence is something that happens after the fact. So remember that most people that. I know um who we would consider self-confident are actually just relentless and what that means is they're faced with they're courageous and that what that means is that they're faced with something that maybe they've never done before maybe they don't have confidence in their ability to do it.

But they know it needs to get done and. So they they become. Relentless they say. I don't think.

I don't know how. I'm going to do this. But. I'm gonna figure it out and.

I'm gonna keep going until. I do and what happens is when you get on the other side of that experience that's when the confidence comes right. So. I try to steer people away from the classical the classical understanding of confidence not because it's not important.

But because we give it the wrong kind of importance in our world um what what. I have found functionally is when people say. I want to be more confident what they're actually saying is. I want to stop being afraid.

I want to feel comfortable in this situation we didn't come here to be comfortable we came here to be challenged right. And. So that feeling of being challenged is something that motivates us and inspires us right. Comfort zone tend to lull us into a state of lethargy or stasis um and they're very seductive.

God knows. I deal with it all the time right. But one of the things. I want you to understand is if you have to if you have to embrace this idea of confidence.

Then here's a definition that. I think might help and again if. I'm going way off base with what the the information that you're looking for just tell me and. I'll see if.

I can pivot a little bit. But this is the the definition of confidence. I give for the the students in. Planet.

David who come to our. Live. Events and really get into the meat of the secrets that we have here um and that's this confidence as we. Define it is a feeling of is it is a sense of.

Relentless determination combined with the expectancy of a positive result. So let me let me say that a couple more times it's a state of. Relentless determination to achieve combined with the expectation of a positive result once again a state of. Relentless determination combined with the expectation of a positive result right.

As long as you keep going you can't fail right. And when you achieve that goal the moment you get on the other side of it and you realize what you've done that's where the confidence comes in. So confidence in my world has always been a uh more of an afterthought it's it's an after state it happens after you've overcome the challenge what you need to succeed prior to that that moment is. Relentless determination and if you combine that with a positive and expectation of a positive outcome.

Then you're far more likely to achieve a positive outcome faster um. So. I hope that helps let's see. Sonic's asking my folks are fixing to show up.

I have no. Specific questions. But really appreciate all you do thanks for helping immunity my pleasure my pleasure. Danka what's your view on.

Chiropractic adjustment for healing stuff like. TMJ or digestion issues. I'm thinking gonstead methods specifically okay. I'm not of.

I'm not familiar with gunsted the best person to ask for that is actually my wife. Don who actually is a chiropractor um. But. I think.

Chiropractic is a is a great modality for healing a lot of things uh. TMJ has a lot uh has had a lot of um benefit from. Chiropractic. But.

I'm not familiar with the gunsted approach to it. I know they use a device. But that's all. I've got right.

Now hopefully that helps. Liam is saying hello. Dr. David.

Liam checking in glad to see you today glad to see you back. Revelation how effective are your informations ridiculously effective in fact. I uh. I challenge you to test them uh take out a list of classic affirmations the way you've been taught them and.

Then give it a reasonable amount of time and. Then start playing with the information process and notice the change in your body feelings and how rapidly or slowly those things develop um if if you're practicing classical. Law of. Attraction which is all about what you think about you bring about the informations are actually a far more effective way to uh to program the mind and the nervous system to attract what you want um been dealing with g-forces from change if you catch my drift need to do some recouping how do you feel about the twin.

Hearts meditation from coxway uh the. Twitter meditation is great um you'd probably have to modify it a little bit um no. As long as you ground really well afterwards the problem with the twin. Hearts if it's done well is that it builds up a huge amount of energy um and what.

I see happen a lot of times is practitioners don't ground the energy well enough after the meditation. So either um really spend a lot of time focusing on your lower. Don. Tien do some physical exercise which is always very grounding in and of itself um or um what's the other thing.

I was thinking about focus on. Lower. Don. Tien do physical exercise um those are the two salt baths will take care of any excesses.

But circulate also one of the things that that will help if you do create an excess condition is circulating again this is not from. The. Chronic healing system. But if you circulate the microcosmic orbit as taught in most.

Dallas systems um that will help to rebalance any excess conditions that you uh you lock in you you create in the body by by all the energy that you're bringing in. But. Then make sure that you bring it all back and and root it in the lower dantian and uh. So if those who don't know where the.

Don. Tien is if you take your navel and push if you take your navel push through to your back. So the space where those my two fingers meet cross reference with the perineum this is your lower dantian area this is where you want to store any kind of energy that you work with and it doesn't matter what kind of energies you're working with after you've done doing whatever processes you always bring it back into the lower. Don.

Tien for safety and for storage okay. If you create excess conditions in the body circulating the fire path of the microcosmic orbit will help to pull that energy it's kind of like a centrifuge it'll help to rebalance things now if you're doing a lot of energy work. I'm just going to put this out there because nobody talks about this because if they did fewer people would do energy work if you're doing energy work right. Your shit's going to come on.

First you'll. Bliss out and. Then your. Then if you're doing it really well.

Then your system will want to start to purify itself or want to start to be when it purifies itself it wants to purge. So don't be surprised if you're doing these energy systems for a long period of time if emotions and negative feelings come up it's not a sign that you're sick necessarily it's a sign that you're clearing and most of us have way more stuff to clear than we realize. So we think it's you know because and it's because it can go on for a fairly long period of time um we think there's something wrong with us when it actually there's something very right. With us we just have to let that [ __ ] go and every system has some way of helping you get rid of that okay.

So hope that helps um. Sheila says makes total sense. Liam says had an epiphany with magic circle by the way. I'm writing my own book.

Got a case writer's block. So. I called an avatar of the character. I was writing a scene from and.

Bam writer's block awesome um it's funny um one of my students. Seth was working with a client and who had horrible writer's blocked and uh he actually wound up doing chair therapy with the writer and who he put in the who he put in the guy put in the chair was one of the characters from the book. And the and the character in the chair said look. You're having writer's block because you need to make my part bigger uh in the book.

And they went back and forth until. Finally got relented that you'd give them a bigger part and all of a sudden poof the writer's block was gone very weird stuff right. But this is how this is the life of a hypnotist this is how it rolls right. Uh let's see here um shiman when we meet someone who has reached high levels of consciousness like a bandler or a native shaman do you think there could be an imprinting of mirror neurons like we do in.

DTI yes. Your mirror neurons don't shut off your mirror neurons are active all the time what changes in terms of mirror neuron engagement is the level of. Rapport or suggestibility or openness that you have to the person in general. So for example um using.

Richard as an example um. Richard can affect you in one of two ways it could be either through extreme. Rapport someone who you really admire or someone that you're um hold an extreme. Authority right.

So you can you can really like. Richard or you can see him as this. Avatar of cosmic power that is a is an authority in your world either of those. States will create a tremendous amount of receptivity in your mirror neuron.

Network okay. And you will imprint whatever is being sent out native shaman very very similar if you hold this person in extremely high esteem if you like this person you have a deep level rapport with this person. Then the imprinting that you receive will be stronger than if you do not have that kind of a connection okay. So there's a there's a lot of really interesting things we can do with mirror neurons.

But a lot of it is mediated by the. State of. Consciousness you're in um at the time. So.

I hope that helps uh let's see here danke says it helps indeed thank you for the response on. Chiropractic and stuff not being able to shift some issues despite lots of emotional work the usual is tough many acupuncture yeah chances are it's just stuff you have to let go of. Danka it's it's one of the things. I'm seeing more and more and.

I say this because. I've literally even after a stem cell injection. I still had some residual stuff going on in my back from three herniated discs and. I started embracing a lot of the alchemical practices.

I've been learning in my medical. Qigong. Class. A lot of my own um hypnotic processes and started integrating them and.

I just started diving into my own body. I started diving into and and following the forces in my body and through a process of systemic mindfulness and things like that um. I started to find. I started to unpack things and one day.

I was just lying in bed doing this process and. I felt have you ever seen like um an air bubble traveling through a hose right. And it kind of bulges as it moves. I felt that literally moving through my meridians and when it hit the spot where my back pain was it just evap it was just like somebody took.

The air out of a tire and. I've. I've been doing series of processes on myself you know physician. Hill thyself and it's just been getting nothing.

But progressively better and better and better. I'm still taking you very cautious with getting back into martial arts full time and doing things like that. But again. I've been saying this for years and years and years and years um.

But sometimes our you know you may be very good at this stuff. But the person you you spend the less worth the least time working on is yourself sometimes the answer isn't outside of you you have to go inward and one of the things. I see over and over and over again is disease injuries um you know chronic degenerative stuff is almost always in motion it's it's a it's a it's a physiological energetic metaphor that our body is is creating based on an issue or a set of issues that we haven't fully resolved and unpacked and let go it's usually things we've been repressing and denying and. I'm the king of denial.

I you should call me you know heopatra or something because. I you know. I. I have a lot of stuff that.

I thought. I'm smart. I understand that differently now well just because you understand it differently now doesn't mean you've let it go from back. Then and that's the rub is that many times like we've learned things from these experiences and we've we've we won't repeat those mistakes.

But at some level in the body there's an energetic charge and a set of memories and stories connected to that issue that's manifesting as a physical symptom and we we really need again for practicing. Alchemy we really need to be willing to run into those places for. However long it takes to find those emotional pockets and let them come up and understand what they were about um and it's weird because it's just um when the when the sometimes when they come up at least for me it was like just a couple of words like not being supported we're not having enough support we're not getting support that the minute it came up and and that. Revelation happened all of a sudden all these other memories and stories and experiences that were circling around this.

Hub of not being supported came up and the minute. I did the back pain went away because. I and again along with along with the process of discharging that energy came the idea that hey no. One is going to support you if you're moving through the world looking for other people to support you you're looking in the wrong place the person who most you most need to support you is you right.

And the problem is is we we lose track of that we we forget that and. So we're we're having we create expectations because we have friends and we have family and we want their support. But they they really can't give you the kind of support that you need sometimes now again. I'm speaking from my personal experience in this um you're all going to have these if you engage in this process and identity by.

Design training and regression training uh and a certain level of mindfulness or systemic mindfulness training is really kind of the combination that you need to really tap into these processes and. Then you need to be able to stick with them for quite a while most of us aren't willing to do that for whatever reason. But a lot of times if we're you know if we're running outside of us this this modality and that modality and that modality chances are the we're looking in the wrong place okay. And again we also set an expectation that oh once.

I find this one thing everything will be gone. I haven't found that to be true either many times you it's sometimes there's these big you know home run type uh. Transformations that you go through and a lot of times they come in stages like layers of an onion skin one. Second guys.

I'll be right. With you sorry about that um there's we're here at the mega. Platinum house um and. I've got students coming over and the wife is dropping the kids off and it's gonna be a mad house any minute.

So. I apologize that. I keep um. I keep jumping off.

But at the same time. I wanted to spend some time with you all and hold on a. Second where did my oh there it is sorry about that um apparently this browser opened in. Firefox uh let's see here hold on a.

Second folks. I gotta tell the kids to be quiet. Sophie. First of all.

I'm doing an. AMA. Second of all along okay. The chaos is starting.

Anyway let me answer these questions looks like we may have to do a shorter or maybe pick up tomorrow by the way how many are coming to. The. Mastermind tomorrow by a show of hands how many of you uh plan on coming to. The.

Mastermind now let's see here any tips when doing. DTI um yeah when you're doing deep when you're doing deep trance identification create as. Rich an. Exemplar an avatar as possible which means immerse yourself in the people whose traits qualities and characteristics you truly want get as much of the things that they've written preferably by hand as humanly possible watch as many videos spend as much time with them live watching them perform and.

Then when you create your avatar bring all that in right. Um it's it's a very powerful process. But the magic is in the prep in in creating the. Avatar right.

I usually. I what. I actually do sometimes is. I'll.

I used to create and. I still do from time to time is. I create. Loop videos of if there's a particular martial arts skill or meditation um or mantric sound that.

I'm working. I'll create an endless loop of that person and. I'll just watch it over for hours and. Then.

I'll run it. Then. I'll run through the movie in my head as if. I'm watching it on a movie theater screen.

Then. I'll and. I'll keep doing that until it generates the body feelings that. I'm going for um.

So those are some things that. I do and have worked very well for me uh let's see here what are your thoughts on content free hypnosis considering your position on regression to cost content for hypnosis is super powerful when it's done well everything that you learn in identity by. Design is content free hypnosis right. It's all structure and color and and light and sound.

But as we don't ask anybody what the story is right. So the entire identity by. Design system is technically content free right. So unless you have a different meaning for.

Content free you know that's kind of where we're at um let me see here when doing image cycling this is loot when doing image cycling views cycle image about the same topic in a sequence or just many random wishes and desires well if you're trained to do image cycling the way. Bill does it or the way that we teach it there's a list that you create and you spend a lot of time uh internalizing and embodying that list and. Then you cycle through it and when you start to cycle through it as you speed up the linearity of it's going to break down you may get you know the. First thing and.

Then the middle thing and. Then the. Second thing and. Then the fifth thing and it'll start to the sequence will start to become very non-linear many times uh and let that happen just keep cycling through the list right.

Just cycle through the list hopefully that helps um. Eric says perhaps this is a better question for your treatment rooms. But what does. TCM have to say about reversing pulmonary fibrosis um when we're looking at any form of lung problem we're looking at some form of internalized grief when you're looking at any kind of fibroma it's almost always a combination of grief and rage grief and anger like a lot of your um a lot of your breast cancers for example also pertinent to the breast area to the to the lung area the metal area in the body grief and rage and.

So you know you get tumors of fibrosis fibroids things of that nature um you're looking at usually some form of grief and combined with rage. So like metal compliant with with fire foreign worker low frequency people will not be open to those operating in a high frequency they are stuck in their limiting beliefs true enough to be true. But there are there are times when that actually isn't the case um it really depends on the belief systems you're having to deal with um let's see here oh. Agnes thank you.

Agnes that was for thank you for donating. I really appreciate that that's wonderful um man there's a lot of questions. I hope. I get to all these uh let's see here.

David haven't seen you in forever my brother gift suggestions to help deal with or clear insomnia uh thank you very much um okay. A lot of times when we're dealing with insomnia um again you're you're a. TCM guy. So um start looking at heartfire and start looking at clearing um like like heart sounds like the.

I don't know if you're familiar with six healing sounds that would be very good um especially if you've got a lot going on uh spending more time on the heart sound and the lung sound now if you're if. I'm the triple warmer sound will probably go a long way in helping you to sleep better also uh focusing your mind on your young chin points your kidney one points uh will pull the energy away from the head and down into the feet and as it pulls down away from the head and into the feet you'll tend to get more drowsy. So are those the kind of suggestions that you're looking for. David or is there something more specific taryn's.

Pleasant and it only gets better that's right. Danka says. I feel. K.

I don't know what that means late worker. David 25 milligrams of. Seroquel okay. Uh that shiman says that makes sense.

I got blasted by healing songs while on. DMT and rewired me worlds words create worlds hi. Dr. Schneider.

I'm curious would you ever move from. San. Diego to another state absolutely absolutely. I own property in several other states as a matter of fact or in at least one state and looking at more.

So um. I think it's important to have different places that you can go especially when the political climates change from time to time. So. But yeah.

I would absolutely consider living in another state if. I thought it was a step up if it was adding more value to my life or giving my me and my kids and my my wife um more opportunities right. I happen to be in. California because it seemed to have been um for me one of the most fertile soils to create the the institution that we've all come to know as.

Planet. David it's been tremendously good to me. But every place. I've lived from from.

Pennsylvania to. Florida to. Oklahoma to. Texas uh to.

California has always taken my life to the. Next level and and broadened my my scope. So the short answer is yes. And that's my long drawn out answer for those of you who just like to hear me rant or ramble as the case may be uh let's see danke says.

I feel. I've been taking on people's. Shadows a lot recently like out of nowhere reflecting their subconscious blocks and often feeling something in my body that had to clear fast okay. And what are you doing what do you want to do about that.

Danka. I mean. I understand what you're experiencing. But what is it you want to do about it or what do you want instead lightworker says pulmonary fibrosia reversible um.

I don't believe anything's truly irreversible okay. You just haven't found the pathway yet right. Um. Liam fullen here here to looking inwards all right.

Shambhala. Wellness dojo could new back spasms be tied to a broken relationship and could manifestation be used to both the answer is yes. Yes. Um back stuff tends to relate to support issues and that could be physical uh financial support it could be emotional support um and a broken relationship can certainly be the cause of a perceived loss of support now.

I'm sure there's other things that a back issue could be. But for sure the short answer is yes. It can absolutely be both and yes. Manifest healing is just a form of manifestation and that's something people need to remember when you come here to learn healing remember that healing is is just manifestation or in some cases demanifestation right.

Because you created the disease to begin with and now you're going to manifest as trained a transformation or change or a shift all disease that we experience are are perfect examples that we can manifest nobody wants to own that which is again another form of denial. But remember if you create if your body created it that's manifestation isn't it not isn't that what we learned to do is through thought and intention and emotion we create things well. I've been. I've been unpacking people's negative manifestations for over 20 years clinically 50 over 15 years clinically although it's 2023 now.

So it's probably longer than 20 years because. I still see clients just not as many um. But yeah. So let's see here let's see here yeah.

Danka. I've been doing. State. Control drills like many times a day and pretty much every day clearing and.

Shadow work and release going inwards pretty much all the time shedding tears daily. I need a break take a break focus on something that brings you. Joy right. If here's here's one of the things.

I learned from one of my my sifu uh. Jerry. Allen. Johnson if the spiritual work that you're doing isn't bringing you.

Joy yes. There's going to be [ __ ] there's going to be ups and down if it's not bringing you. Joy on a consistent basis it's the wrong path for you right. Spiritual paths should bring people to.

Greater degrees of joy and and happiness and. Light. So spend more time focusing on. Joy instead of looking for more [ __ ] to clear shit's gonna come up.

But remember. Joy is healing laughter is healing these higher vibrations these playful feelings that we talk about all the time are healing get on your golden path do the things that make your heart light up that bring more of your spirit into the body right. Yes. There will be times to do.

Shadow work. But don't focus on it let the things come up as they need to come up and just keep going okay. Uh let's see big we says what's up everyone. Kimberly.

D sir any good books on copywriting any suggestions um. I like. John. Carlton stuff myself uh anything by.

David garfinkel is really good. Harlan kilstein has some good stuff um. But they all go back to a guy by the name of. Dan.

Kennedy uh who wrote. The. Ultimate a book. Called.

The. Ultimate. Sales letter okay. So.

I would start there. Dan. Kennedy has made more millionaires than. McDonald's sells hamburgers and he's done it all through direct response uh which is copywriting in one form or another.

So start with. The. Ultimate. Sales letter and.

Then get everything he's done that pertains to copy from there. I would look. At. John.

Carlton. I would look. At. Gary halbert's work.

I would definitely look. At. David garfinkel's work and. I would actually look.

At. Harlan kilstein's work primarily in that order if that makes any kind of sense okay. Um. Liam.

I owe you a lot of thank yous. Dr. David you've changed my life forever. I'm even getting my doctorate inferentic profile all because of your story of going to school yourself.

I am new due to you. God bless pay it forward my friend just keep going lightwork. RJ. Spina uh don't know who that is.

Liam folin kids done done yep let's see here. Eric rounds. Mastermind just give an invite uh the invites are in the diamond level of the. YouTube channel and they're in the.

Mastermind. Facebook. Group. So if you're a member of either of those you uh you should have a link to join the.

The. Mastermind tomorrow. So go check there. Eric um well lightworker if if that's your belief system.

Then. Then and that's fine. I'm not going to challenge your belief system my belief system is a little bit different okay. Um could you perhaps suggest some effective informations for rapid and effective change what do you want to change type type in what you want to change uh.

Liam says. I do that too when watching you for. DTI okay. Captain.

Jack. Smith you guys are funny now. Wallace now that we're speaking of lungs when. I was a baby.

I had the. RSV virus any thoughts on the emotional ties for that again um lung issues tend to go back to some form of loss and it's usually grief sorrow um sadness right. But if you have some lines that start here and and. Venture across it's probably more related to the loss of something that was very special to you um.

Susan says deal with trauma um. Alessandro hey. Dr. David had a quick question.

I've been meeting girls and having good flirty interactions that usually lasts about 10 minutes that lead nowhere how can. I have the girl wanting to see me again get her to talk about herself um the problem many times is that you're you're basically waiting for them to be done talking. So you can talk about you or your your your your shortcutting the process and they're detecting an agenda with you. So one of the things that that needs to happen if you want people to spend more time with you learn to become genuinely curious about them and just seek to find out if they're a cool person who likes to do cool stuff take take your your uh sensual agenda off the menu and you'll find out that many times they'll put it back on talk about things that light them up like a.

Christmas tree right. And you'll find that um that's the way to go right. Don't don't try to be cool don't try to be uh you know achieve you know show your social status or peacock get them talking about their favorite subject was themselves reference the three magic questions protocol if you haven't already if you've got the attraction. Mastery course there's a whole flow chart in there of ways to get people talking and interacting with you.

I would once you have the three magic questions down that's where. I would go. Next okay. Uh let's see.

Londa belacci or is it. Londo. Bellis or hope. I get that right.

Now uh. I'm glad things are going well for you is there a way to get access to the resource recruiter five. I only have um reach out to. Stephanie she uh she should have it if not uh email me and.

I'll see if. I can find it for you. But. Stephanie should be able to get it to you.

Kimberly d how was. I able to manifest the job opportunities. I wanted easily with the minimum preparation of my part. But now when.

I try for a similar position. I don't get the final stage foreign well without seeing you in action at the interviews. I don't have. I don't have a good answer other than there's something you're missing in the interview there's some there's some criteria or value that you're not tapping into during the final interview stages that allow you to um to close the deal that would be where.

I'd start do dreams have any significance or are they just mental nonsense when deep asleep the answer is yes. Certain types of. Dreams can have significant meaning other types of dreaming are actually the subconscious mind clearing things okay. One of the things.

I was taught when it comes to. DreamWork is that you focus on the words that were spoken in the dream not necessarily the imagery and and go with whatever initial meaning you assigned to the dream right. Because dreams are extremely personal and while there are certain archetypes for dream imagery they change from culture to culture. So when.

I was studying kabbalistic dream interpretation one of the. First things they said was what does the dream mean to you when. I was working with. Dr.

Johnson he was talking about dream interpretation and. Dream. Magic that was actually one thing he says what does the dream mean to you go with that now remember that for anything you get in a dream there can be multiple meanings right. When it.

I would go with the. First one that pops up and. Then as you vent that emotional charge be aware of any other correspondences that arise in your life that trigger that remembrance of that dream because many times we because our. Consciousness tends to move through the world in levels what a particular data point means at one level of.

Consciousness can have a completely different meaning or. Association or relevance to us as we shift consciousnesses right. But a good idea is if you want to start getting more into dreams and doing more. DreamWork is to actually get in the practice of writing your dreams down immediately upon.

Awakening. So you can go back to it okay. So. I hope that helps uh let's see here.

Agnes. Marie says damn okay. When. I do magic frame before.

I image cycle do. I use the magic frame on the. Third presupposed image or all three ideally what you're doing is you're creating a. Gestalt of all three of those of those experiences and cycling that.

So you take. Experience. One experience two experience three you get stalk them into experience three create a symbol for it and cycle that uh jaymar is asking what do you mean when you say lost life this when we see a line that goes across and down this indicates what is commonly for what my teacher. Lillian called a lost.

Loveline and what it means is it it means you lost an aspect of your life that was part of your golden path. Sparta part of your spiritual mission for being here. So it it's these can be losses of people or losses of situations and circumstances. But when something comes from this area and comes across it's now something that that is a spiritual loss for you if that makes any kind of sense it's something that you came into this world to do that made your heart sing that.

Lit you up like a. Christmas tree and for whatever reason you lost the ability to participate or or engage with that person or that activity and when that happens you'll. Mark and that. Mark will start instead of the outer campus where most of our sadness and grief lines come it'll start at the inner campus uh which is closer to your taiji.

Pole and it'll mark down through the lung area uh let's see who ignored you twice. Agnes uh. David. I know.

I've been blasting the chat. But. I must say massive thanks. I use burst breathing on my dislocated shoulder and it popped back into place ball curling stuff.

But it worked excellent well done uh let's see here let's see um worlds create worlds. David. I noticed you mentioned lung issues. I have gut issues may you please share some something about that um gut issues are almost always bitterness resentment anger sometimes are we talking about the intestines are we talking about the stomach and the spleen if you can give me that and give you a more defined answer uh.

Kathleen. M. I heard you talk about electrolytes for anxiety once. I am remembering that correctly of what um.

I use. I've. I've played with several different brands of electrolytes um. I've used everything from biosteel to body hydration to goo gu to noon n-u-uun to thermosalt which is a more of a runner's uh electrolyte.

So um. I think. I think they they all can work you just got to find the one that kind of is is the least harmful to your your system. I guess is a good way to say it make sure you hydrate though because again a lot of these things are salts and be careful of the sugar content in them that's my wife would would always be out be adamant about putting that in there um.

D. Maxi says. David what's your thoughts on the covet vaccination please um not a fan not a fan um. I think once again we go back to the idea of your body your choice uh and if you choose to get the vaccines more power to you if you choose not to more power to you um knowing what.

I know about the medical profession and the way things are are pushed through um. I knew that was going to be a cluster before it ever hit the market okay. Um. So again if.

I lose subscribers because you're pro-vaccine. So be it. But. I'm.

I'm just a not a fan of it right. Uh. But hey you do you. I've lost friends from the vaccine too.

So that and. I was. I was. I was not a a fan of vaccination at least in the coveted context prior to vaccination when.

I lost my friend as a result of the vaccine um. I got even more. So. So hope maybe that's what you wanted to hear maybe it isn't.

I don't. I don't condemn anybody for vaccinating and. I don't condemn anybody for not vaccinating. I think everybody needs to be able to make their own choice about what they put in their bodies and what they don't and nobody should have the right.

To mandate that uh let's see 7.1 you gain some weight and your face looks younger looking good thank you. I'm trying to get rid of the weight. So hopefully. I'll stay looking younger.

But. I'll still lose the weight yeah um. So. James is asking uh thank you for your help.

David. I appreciate what you do getting better at. State control. But.

I'm often pulled off balance by sexual compulsion conditioning was sexualized at three years old suggestions regress to cause find a good regression therapist good. HMR practitioner uh regressed to three years old or before and clear all that [ __ ] up and install some install a better set of patterns and spend time practicing those patterns remember nothing that you're carrying around is you it's stuff you learned right. It's stuff that you experience once you recorded it and you've just been relating to those recordings ever since go back change the recordings practice new habits and you'll re you'll you'll change that pattern and when you change that pattern you'll change your. Consciousness and you'll change your results.

Danka says where's the beard gone that beard makes me look. So old. Gunk. I feel like.

Father time every time. I grow my wife loves it. But uh not a fan um. But.

I'll probably it'll probably come back someday don't worry about it um blue says thank you. Revelation says. I'd like to change my scarcity mindset my lack of. Financial.

Security my vapid life unfilling dating life and lastly my inability to pursue my golden path. Revelation. I would go back and. I would look.

At every single one of the things you just wrote and ask yourself what do. I want instead start doing a set of informations for each of the things you want instead and. Then when body feelings come up as a result of the information unpack those body feelings and clear them as you do that your. Consciousness will shift your perceptions of the world you live in will shift and the behaviors that result from those perceptions will shift and your life will change okay.

That's the formula. Jamar says what. I mean by a lot in life is that. I'm not moving forward.

I feel like. I'm moving backwards. I don't know where. I'm going sometimes we have to move forward to go backwards a lot of times.

I felt like you know where. I am now versus where. I wasn't about well the same place. I was in 2016 and it's when.

I realized that that's where the change has to happen things are changing um and just keep moving forward find ways to move forward um it's a world world words create worlds says and by the way. Demar look. At your sentence again. I don't know where.

I'm going pick something if you don't have a direction you'll usually wind up any place else than what you really want you'll be buffeted by. The. Winds of. Change rather than being able to use those wins to navigate and steer your ship.

So start with an outcome start with something that you really want and ask yourself how am. I going to get there what needs to happen and start taking that those steps um it doesn't really matter if the. Direction's right. Or not what matters is that it's something you want enough to start taking an action on it remember the greatest.

GPS in the world can't help you if you stay in one spot right. If you can have the most powerful sports car in the world if you never turn the [ __ ] ignition on and take it out of park and start moving you never get anywhere. So pick something you want and go for it it doesn't have to be big it can be just something. I want short term and just think in little short-term leaps until you see something something emerges that's more long-term right.

And become more fully engaged in the process of it not not. So much in the destination. But who are you becoming what are you experiencing what's the quality of your life along the way it won't always be easy in fact most most of the time it won't. But it will be challenging and it will be worthwhile and who you become by the time you reach the goal is always worth the change.

I hope that helps. I don't want to sound like. I'm some self-help. Guru that says you know just believe in yourself and do this you know.

But a lot of times some if you you know because. I see thing. I see. I see patterns everywhere when.

I look. At what people write. So much of what needs to change is in the form of the questions that you ask if you've ever heard me say the quality of your life is dictated by the quality of the questions you ask that's a good example danke says the beard is great men are lucky the older the handsomer well most women. I know who have beards aren't happy about it jimbala.

Wellness dojo can you briefly describe the information template it's really simple you state what you want takka because on the end and let your mind fill in the blank. So if. I say um. I want.

Financial. Security. I might say something like. I am now achieving.

Financial. Security because. I deserve to have it and. I'll say that out loud remember basic principle behind the informations is it creates a space that your neurology fills that's the yin aspect of it right.

As as opposed to saying. I now generate a hundred thousand dollars a year classic affirmation. I might say something. I.

I now generate a hundred thousand dollars a year because. I do what it takes to earn that money right. The because triggers a neurological filter in the subconscious mind that generates a belief that allows the. First half of the belief to make sense and bypass his limitations and barriers um that you might have had to the original affirmation of like.

I make a hundred thousand dollars a year okay. So because or means word and again if you've had killer influence or. CPI all you've got to do is tack on a a cause and effect word fill in the blank or a complex equivalence word fill in the blank or do both and you will have an affirmation that your neurology has said we can do what you want because of this because your neurology has now created a reason why you can do it you're far more likely to do it okay. [Music] um red violet 182 says.

I manifested a lot of good stuff on my list of wants except for a partner any thoughts on what that may be blocked yes. You're probably have you have some changes that you need to go through or there's something in the partner template that you left out like they're available because you may be meeting a lot of people that you think would be great. Partners. But they're with somebody um there may be some.

Transformations coming up that you have to make in yourself that is preventing you from either attracting your partner or recognizing them okay. But keep cycling because at some point the energy will build up there will be a shift and things will start to change the only variable. I've seen with image cycling is time that's really the only thing you know they're the old expression um difficult is easy and possible just takes a little longer where image cycling is concerned that's pretty much what. I've discovered.

I mean really it's it's done some crazy [ __ ] uh chiman says what do you think is your best work or performance in what context. I think. I've done a lot of good work. But it's like apples and oranges what you know um you know give me a better question and give a better answer um.

Jeanette says. David. I can't doctor. I just can't thank you enough for your time you already did you're welcome right.

This is this is what. I like to do this is you know spending time with you and uh collectively all of you um is what makes me happy it's my happy place right. And it lets me know that that the things that. I've learned or or that my students have brought to me or the.

The. Avenues. I've explored have made a difference you know. I've left the world you know if.

I died tomorrow which hopefully. I. I'm working on immortality. But.

I'm not there yet you know if. I if. I shuffle off this. Mortal coil tomorrow the work continues the the people we've impacted the people we've helped change the techniques that have gone out they're they're in the world now right.

That in itself is a form of immortality you know a lot of us especially those of us in the helping professions you know yeah we want to we want to be popular and we want people to love us. But at the end of the day. I think we want the world to know we were here and we want the world to be a little bit better for us having been here and and you guys are a reminder to me of of why. I do this work you know if you'd asked me why.

I do this work 20 years ago. I had to have a very different a very different answer for you. But we grew up you know. So all.

I ask is that you know when you go out and you use these things. First person you should be working on is you if it works for you pay it forward teach other people how to do it and tell them where you got it. So they can come back and learn more stuff just tell them where you got it that's all. I care about oh and of course remember the.

Social. Media stuff like and share like and share like and share right. I. I still have to.

I have to remember to ask that [ __ ] because when. I started there that like and share stuff was not as prevalent. I'm old school. YouTube there is such a thing right.

Um of courses okay. Again. I mean like what's your magnum opus of skill sets oh my gosh again probably killer influence and identity by. Design of all the courses.

I've seen change lives um killer influence identity by. Design and uh vibrational influence they're the big three really that. I think now we people love our face reading courses and they have dramatically enhanced people's ability to heal themselves and others. But they're more like they're they're extra studies they're they're ways for people to understand themselves and get on a spiritual path which you facilitate through the identity by.

Design techniques and the killer influence techniques. So. I would say that if. I had to pick three identity by.

Design killer influence and vibrational influence are probably the big three uh let's see. Agnes says thank you for your time yeah. Revelation in regards to image cycling what are some of the most impossible things you manifested my wife's wedding ring uh my sister's. School and my doctorate degree uh if you want to if you want to hear about those stories if you go to our.

YouTube channel and you type in um funny. Law of. Attraction stories the video will come up. Agnes did.

I miss one of your questions because. I've tried. I've. I've reached.

I've. I've shouted out to you several times. But. I didn't see a question um.

DTI. Jack. Sparrow was a masterpiece in my opinion well again that's part of that was part of the identity by. Design training now.

I was doing. DTI long before. I created identity by. Design.

But it was just a natural endpoint of building your own. Identity or your own ideal self. Liam. Fulham says uh for clarification of understanding what's the main difference between the informations and forward.

Progressive they feel sort of the same is that normal. So we're talking about present progressive present tense and present progressive present progressive mean is saying like. I am now earning 100 000 a year period present tense is. I now earn one hundred thousand dollars a year the information is.

I now earn one hundred thousand dollars a year because fill in the blank understand the distinction okay. Eric says. David you've established your legacy well thank you for that. Eric appreciate that.

SoMo says hello. David. So happy to catch this live shiman says thanks. I'll ask better questions in the future me too no.

Sorry. I sent another thank you that you didn't see no. Big deal thank you okay. Uh let's see here uh.

Liam. Fallen okay. Thank you that makes way more sense good all right. I got about two more minutes what do you got for me before.

I have to go and take care of stuff. I gotta. I got a training starting. Next week and.

Then a mega. Retreat. So where'd everybody go oh uh. Soma says do you still take in-person appointments um anything anyone.

I. I do personal sessions now for anybody who is in my unlimited influence. Mastery coaching or who is a member of my mega. Platinum.

Elite coaching program they're the only ones who get personal sessions and and uh brainstorming and stuff like that with me uh for other people calling the clinic uh we refer out to my trained. Affiliates and. Associates we have two or three people that we refer out to who are very very good at what they do um and. So we'll refer you to them when you call do.

I do weed no. I do not. I. I have no.

Interest in in any form of drugs really uh let's see here. So who would be the best model for a female healer successful business in what modalities what modalities are we working with. DACA uh. Joe.

Dr. Snyder. I can't seem to manifest. I've done your techniques in other people's too can't seem to manifest what.

I want chances are there are some things in your in the way you've created the manifestations uh there's some blocks that you need to resolve uh and you haven't gotten your reps in chances are there's limiting beliefs that you have that you have not cleared that are in the way of your manifestation those are the big three that. I find when people are not manifesting is they haven't done it they just haven't been doing it long enough they have an expectation of how it's supposed to manifest and if it doesn't manifest the way they expect they don't recognize it. Liam says have a wonderful beautiful night and thank you for your time. Sharon.

Doyle says hi. David. I'm curious you have a favorite book. Of any genre oh that's a that's a loaded question.

Sharon. I have. So look. Behind me.

I have. So many books um um. I have lots of different genres that. I enjoy um if you can give me if you can narrow it down.

I can probably give you a better a better selection. Becca. Rose hey. I just listened to a bunch of.

Hypno. Videos. So. I'm feeling very floaty and fractionated is that a good thing.

Becca are you enjoying it salesman says excellent thank you appreciate you. So. So much excellent. Revelation whenever.

I do energy spinning at times when. I pull the color out the color changes you need to acknowledge the fact that the color changed verbally you don't need to. But if you feel like it helps you with the process. Then do it test it and see what happens when our ground says.

I'm clear and thank you world. Birds create world says. David. I'm curious what's your age.

I am level 57. uh. Matthew. Boyd says thanks man see you tomorrow. DACA says.

I'm thinking to model for. DTI who'll be a nice female healer. Shaman who is. Biz successful um.

Melissa tears is a great one um some people like. Wendy friesen's work some people resonate with. Marissa peer. I'm not one of them.

But um. But a lot of people have found a lot of value in her work those are the big three in terms of female. Healers um that. I have found.

So researching and and getting a healthy selection of those people is probably a good way to start is there a resource of hypnotic stories well you have the teaching. Tales of. Milton. Erickson uh it's probably a good one um it really depends on the on the application.

Lynn um certain people in certain app uh contexts have created hypnotic stories like. Ross. Jeffries um back in the day made um uh a little mini course on how to heal with her with a story or how to seduce with stories um most people go back to the teaching. Tales of.

Milton. Erickson um. Harlan killstein created a resource for using stories for marketing. I created a program of how to use how to use create hypnotic stories for just about any application it's called.

Weapons of. Mass instruction you might want to check that out um there's a therapeutic metaphor by. David. Gordon is a good one um.

Kendrick. Cleveland had a course on stories. So there's a bunch of them out there each of them flirt with the hypnotic story concept. Joe said thank you everything you said is true.

Mark. Kane. I have watched as many as many of your courses as on. YouTube as.

I could find. I am truly thankful for the knowledge you have shared with all of us thank you happy. Father's weekend thank you. Joe.

Becca. Rose says yes. It's a good thing she's all blissed out is there alive tomorrow no. There is a mastermind tomorrow which is for all our.

Diamond uh. Mastermind members. So if you go to the community. Tab and level up your membership to the diamond level you'll see the zoom invite for uh for the.

Mastermind and you can come in and we actually do this in zoom and we actually uh we drill we do drills and stuff together um. Sharon. Doyle says okay. I love.

Gillian. Bridges face reading. So maybe another book. You could recommend uh.

Eric standoff has a really good book. On reading the face if that's what you're looking for um. I really enjoy and he has a set of flash cards and he's uh he's a face reading teacher out of. Germany.

I really liked his stuff uh. Becca. Rose what's your favorite induction to use for. Magic.

Bullets and the safe place induction. Liam follans a. CPI to teach you how to create your own stories or at least give us a foundation yes. Thanks buddy you're welcome all right.

Guys. Becca's certainly blissed out in the words of the immortal. Carol. Burnett.

I'm. So glad we had this time together just to have a laugh or sing a song seems we just got started and before you know it comes the time we have to say. So long. I'll see you guys have a great weekend.

Happy. Father's. Day for all you guys who are fathers we love you all take care. Eric standoff s-t-a-n-d-o-p night and.

God bless take care.
