Title: Hypnosis and Energy AMA with Dr. David
File Name: XcGwjckQUwU.txt
Video Id: XcGwjckQUwU
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XcGwjckQUwU

Foreign welcome to my super surprise mystery. Meetup all about hypnosis and energy. I was kind of bored. I was feeling lonely.

So. I thought. I'd reach out to all my peeps out in. YouTube land and see what's going on.

So let me just move stuff around a little bit and we'll see what we see let me have to move that back. I got a new monitor. So. I'm playing with it and trying to figure out what the optimum configuration is.

So. So let's see who's checking in with me today we got. Laura we got. Amber we got.

Martine we got. Dottie welcome hey there's the. Sonic product. Taoist all right.

So talk to me what's going on in your world folks were you checking in from what do you want to know about hypnosis energy or other stuff uh one of the reasons. I'm doing this just be very transparent is on. Saturday. I will be leaving for.

Las. Vegas uh where. I'll be teaching my annual hypnotic sort of hypnotic 11 day vacation celebration certification where. I'll be teaching uh four days of advanced accelerated hypnotherapy followed by three days of guest appearances at the world's largest uh hypnosis and hypnotherapy convention.

Hypno. Thoughts live it'll be at the. Sahara and. Then.

I'll be following that up with a four day full immersion energy training called vibrational healing where. I'll be unlocking the secrets of how to do energy psychic self-defense remote healing uh we'll overgo we'll go through some of the. Hermetic principles that that you should be training to master the ability to work with energy both remotely and in person um as well as how to protect yourself from harmful or negative influences and of course um how to remove stuff. So.

I see some questions coming through the pipe um let me see what we got here. So. Karen says hi from. Cape.

Town. South. Africa the. Sonic product says.

I have a question. But didn't give me the question. David. Marshawn says been diagnosed with skin cancer what do you suggest okay.

First of all nothing. I say here should be construed as medical advice and shouldn't ever be done without the advice of your or the approval of your your physician um generally speaking what you want to do is you want to spend a lot of time purging and clearing energetically you want to unlock the emotional reasons behind the cancer. So you're going to want to get to somebody who is very very skilled uh with regression techniques um yeah whenever. I'm seeing somebody who's dealing with the cancer one of the things.

I discovered after 15 years of clinical practice was there was no. Such thing as a truly emotionally healthy cancer patient when the when people are manifesting. Cancers it's almost always suppressed emotion that has been denied. So um since the lung is the is it the skin is an extension of the lung that we're probably looking at either repressed grief um uh betrayal loss things of that nature.

But that again it could be anything. So one of the things you want to do is you want to get to a qualified regression therapist who does that kind of work and that's where. I would start and. Then once that that has been cleared now go in and start having an energy a competent energy healer.

Purge the uh the energetic stagnation that was caused by the original problem in the. First place that would be my. Approach. T.

Laura says mapping across is the best for strengthening something you want and dialing down a behavior you don't want arguably yes. Laura um without context. I really can't give you a bigger or better uh information world's create world. I'm curious are you a millionaire let me just say.

I'm not poor [Laughter] um that's about as far as. I'm gonna go words. But thank you for asking that very personal financial question the. Sonic product is saying latest video of.

Mastermind class you mentioned it's not good to practice. Qigong if you have mental issues if one was aware of said mental blocks and working on it would it be okay. Okay. So.

First and foremost. In classical. Chinese. Qigong training and medical hypnotherapy it is permissible to do.

Qigong on people who have a diagnosed psychopathy uh it is mostly contr indicated when. I say copy. I'm not talking about serial killers the term psychopathy is kind of like a garbage term it means anything that's diagnosed as a mental illness of some kind. So that could be schizoid disorder uh it could be bipolar it could be manic depressed um uh borderline it could be antisocial personality disorder it could be schizophrenia um any of those are contraindicated for.

Qigong practice um once those particular issues are alleviated um. I think it would be up to the. Qigong teacher whether to accept you as a student that's kind of right. Where.

I'm at with that let me go back to this um yeah. So. I hope that answers your questions on it uh seven dot one is. David is a persuasion error well thank you for that.

Amber says they all seem interesting to me me too one of the reasons that. I have such a broad catalog is that. I got too many interests that all kind of dovetail. But on the surface seem very very different okay.

Let's see what else we got don't be bashful when would now be a good time to ask those questions. Edgar. Santiago says a poor magician is a poor magician. I don't think he's poor thank you for that.

Edgardo that's a good one thank you. I'm going to steal that uh 7.1 that's better than being a millionaire and will only get better yes. I firmly believe that yeah one of the things that. I don't know what.

I just got this download somebody out here needs to hear this you know one of the things that happens when you start embarking on this this path of what's the word. I'm looking for personal. Evolution that leads you into the into the. Realms of the.

Mystic the energetic the vibrational things of that nature um one of the things that that starts to happen is you tend to speak things into manifestation now on the surface that may sound like a really cool thing. But here's the here's the double-edged sword of that if you talk guess what you manifest right. If you talk bad about yourself or you talk about the problems that you have or or you talk about them in a less than uh useful way you will manifest more of that same kind of problem or incident. So one of the things that you'll hear in a lot of the the old rules of.

Mystery. Schools is to know to dare to keep silent and a lot of people think that the keep silent part is just keeping it secret and there's there is truth to that. Hence the word the term. Mysteries.

But the other part is as you become more evolved as you become closer to the. Divine and you become an outlet for that divine power the words that you speak and the intentions behind them will create change in the environment and and both physically and locally and non-locally. So you have to become very very aware of what you say and make sure that things don't come out that are going to screw you in the long run or screw other people right. It's very easy to inadvertently curse someone or yourself by you know being self-deprecating or whatever which is a big problem for me because that's one of the ways that.

I try to do my best to demonstrate humility is is through a self-deprecating kind of humor and not taking myself too seriously the problem is of course is as you start to you start to evolve um the words you speak are energetically charged and they have a deeper effect on people than words spoken by somebody who's not doing that kind of training. So somebody out there needed to hear that maybe it was just me. But um yeah uh. World words create worlds.

David said. I saw a video by. Alex from. Mosey he mentions learning marketing and sales and product building in that order.

I'm curious what do you think about that advice honestly. Alex from. Mosey has a hell of a lot of money um. I would.

I would definitely learn all the things that he's teaching you. But truth. I think. I think okay.

For. I. I see his. I see his perspective marketing is all about.

So you got a chance that the difference between marketing and sales is is about what you know about your customer and where to find them sales is all about converting them uh into into paying clients. So. I think his order is good. I didn't start that way oh.

I'll be. I'll be up front my my training actually early on was actually from sales. First. But in retrospect the more.

I think about it um if you don't have if you don't have bodies in front of you to sell two. Then it's kind of being a good salesman's kind of a moot point. So. I think.

I think sales and marketing should be the. First two things you learn um because you can always hire someone to build a product you can always sell somebody else's product um you can always there's build your own once you understand what you're doing. So. I think he's got the right.

Idea um you know. So. I think that's it's actually it's. I think it's actually good advice um.

I think that's that's. I think it's good advice let me see here uh. Charlie. Sheen says do the work quietly.

Then show the result yep do your best not to talk about the results too much unless uh to certain audiences right. Beliefs have power even though beliefs aren't as powerful as we come to believe them they are exceedingly powerful in terms of what they can manifest once you know how beliefs are created and how they're and how they're constructed. So you know how to deconstruct them. Then beliefs aren't this overwhelming challenge that they often um present to the non-trained or or non-educated person okay.

Uh 7.1 says death and life are in the power of the tongue and those who love it will eat its fruits that sounds like you're quoting something seven let's see here worse. I needed to hear that download thank you. So much. Dr.

David you are welcome my friend avant-garde says mhm mm-hmm avant-garde grades is kyc okay. I don't know what that means uh tips on stopping self-sabotage stuff all self-sabotage is a form of. Reckless. Liberty uh or repressed anger.

So one of the things that you're going to have to do is you're going to have to find the the point of origin that all of those things are stuck to. So. I recommend um if you're going to do this work yourself start with the transformational. Triad which would be magic framing spinning and color breathing um if those things don't give you the traction you need find somebody who's trained in energetic regression or uh either vibrational or holographic regression or classical regression regress to cause and vent the emotional charge surrounding those issues and reprocess or reprogram those memories.

So that they're they're more self-affirming rather than self-sabotaging that's where. I'd start uh let's see here. Veronica says love your work love you back and and. Brian says would you call this.

Alchemy 100 percent everything we do in. Planet. David is a form of alchemy everything we may call it hypnosis we may call it energy healing we may call it. NLP we may call it face reading we may call it uh remote.

XYZ it's all. Alchemy. Alchemy is the process of transformation. So everything we do is a form of alchemy words create worlds hold on a.

Second you guys are booking through this really fast. Liam. I have a question why is it when other people say the words. I wish for around me they tend to get it very quickly is it because.

I manifest things quickly and they're affected why is it when other people say the words. I wish for around me they tend to get is it because. I manifest things very quickly well if the common denominator. Liam is you.

Then there's absolutely something about your field or about your energy that allows them to pull things into manifestation quicker okay. Um if that's the obvious common denominator uh crazy says love this cool love you back uh words create world says. Dr. David how do you deal with resistance and notice till.

Swan approached resistance has been really helpful. I'm curious have you worked or considered working with her. I've never met teal uh a lot of people she's come across my uh my channel a couple of times in in terms of comments or questions or students who studied her work as well. But.

I'm not super familiar with her work um and opportunities for collaboration for some reason don't seem to come across my channel very often um maybe because. I'm a little too snobbish. I don't know. But uh uh.

But. I know she's got a big following and. I've scanned some of her books [Music] um and if her stuff is working for you. Then by all means keep using it you know who am.

I to who am. I to gained say anything that's working for somebody um beltar. L says what recognition recognitions do you have for. OCD thank you okay.

So beltar. I have to ask a couple questions what type of. OCD is it and what do you want instead if you could answer those questions. I can probably give you a little bit more advice by the way.

FYI my default answer to just about every question you guys are going to ask in terms of clearing stuff up is going to be transformational. Triad which is again. Magic. Frame energy spinning color breathing and regress to cause those four things together will nuke just about anything.

Okay. So. I'm just putting that out there um. Sarah.

Harden. I'm 30 years old and after hysterectomy in. March. I was diagnosed with stage four cervical cancer please advise okay.

Once again when we're dealing with. Cancers okay. Enough and any health issue really nothing. I say.

I always have to end. I always have to leave with this disclaimer nothing on this channel should be construed as medical advice or taken as a prescription or diagnosis what. I have seen clinically in people with cancer is the body trying to send a message that is based from repressed emotion. So the.

First thing. I would recommend is go get vetted by your your doctor to make sure it's safe for you to do the following a find a qualified hypnotherapist and who knows how to deal with these kinds of issues regress to cause clear up the the detoxified emotions that are behind the cancerous expression and. Then find an energy healer to go in and clean out the stagnation and the energetics in the other fields right. If you have if you do those two things you'll tend to reverse the disease process right.

But the thing about the thing that the thing that we need to understand about cancers in general is that there from a. Chinese energetic or medical. Qigong perspective as well as from a hypnotherapeutic perspective all of these expressions are a form of emotional toxicity which is rooted in denial it's people who've taken these emotions that they should have expressed that they should have vented into the universe in in a way that's appropriate. But they've taken them they've stuffed it down they've just kept adding to that that stuffing for years and years and years until.

Finally the the body has no. Way to deal with it. But by expressing itself through tumors and lesions and. So forth.

So one of the things that that you have to do is you've gotta you've got to remove the toxified emotion at the at the at the. Spirit or mental body level if you can do that. Then you've removed the energy the energetic generator the thing that's generating the stagnation is in the mental body the stagnation itself is in the energy body which creates the physical lesions in the body. So we got to go to that that spiritual mental body level we've got to clear up the thought the intention and the the memory that's generating the charge we've got to break open the shell which is the denial and.

Then we have to clean it all out okay. This is pretty much the standard again how the practitioner goes about that is left up to the the techniques and the skill sets of the practitioner. But that's the that's the big picture when it comes to dealing with most forms of of uh cancer okay. The nuances may vary depending on the type and how long it is and where you're at.

But that's really um the treatment plan in a nutshell. So hopefully that helps um. Sarah says thank you. So much you're very welcome.

Sarah okay. Let's see here. Sarah if. I don't know if you're available if you if you're if if you're interested we're doing an a four day energy healing training um in.

Las. Vegas uh the end of the month you may want to think about maybe coming to that you actually may want to come to the whole weekend because we're doing a four-day hypnotherapy certification on the front end and. Then and. Then we have three days of the conference and.

Then four days of the energy training and. I can give you some very specific um. Qigong exercises for helping you break up that stagnation and stuff like that um. But.

I would never even consider doing that um online. So if you're interested in that kind of help. I'll reach out to. Stephanie at 858-282-4663 she'll give you all the information um and you can decide if you want to come to one or both uh both of them both of those trainings can give you tremendous amount of tools um.

But if you just started again. But the the. I think if you haven't dealt with the emotional underpinnings of the of the issue. Then the hypnotherapy part will probably give you um some some some.

Direct. Tools because one of the things in traditional clinical um medical. Qigong one of the things that that a lot of the preliminary exercises are are used for is to get you to emotionally break in other words they're designed to break the shells around of denial around the emotional issue and just have you for in hypnosis called abreacting when that shell breaks the. Qigong therapist has a limited window where they can reach in and pull the stagnation and the and the the charged memories out.

But the whole purpose the whole the whole. First phase of. Qigong training for cancer is actually getting you to emotionally break and that could take days whereas when with hypnotherapy we can do it in minutes um and and that's again why. I.

I tend to default to hypnotherapy and. NLP training uh and. Then the energetics because it's much faster it's much more direct and you see results quicker okay. [Music] um.

Laura says with the magic frame after you wait white out or black it out if other things are coming up can you force them into the same you probably could. But if they're coming up. I would. I would handle them individually like one at a time just tell your unconscious mind okay.

I see that. I see that. I'll deal with that after this. I'll deal with that after this and just daisy chain them.

DMX. C says uh words create world do. I do inner childhood yes. Um and hypnotherapy we call inner child work um regression regress to cause informed child um safe place induction there's lots of ways that we address people's inner child these uh.

Ali. Ali. Toby am. I.

I am a. Healer and also work in sales and seem to sell quite well why is it when someone says they aren't selling well to me they end up selling really well and. I end up having poor sales okay. Let me let me let me look.

At this again. I am a. Healer and also work in sales and seem to sell quite well why is it when someone says they aren't selling well to me they end up selling really well and. I end up having four sales now.

I'm gonna ask you a quick question that. I think might be behind that how much of an empath are you my guess is if you have uh if your empathy switches are turned up really really high you're actually swapping. Karma with them that's what that's the download. I got when.

I read your your question. Michael. Santiago hi. David what would your choice be for the top five acupuncture points for daily.

General. Health maintenance regardless of a person's present. State. Health 736 stomach 36 is absolutely one of the best one of the best um you also want to tonify or regulate large intestine uh 10 or 10 and 11. 11 specifically.

But 10 is also good. I would also do spleen six large intestine four and liver too can we apply the three magic questions while we're drawn you can apply the three magic questions anytime as long as you can maintain the focus of your attention. Steph any ways to speed up. Magic.

Frame progress sometimes on body mapping an issue and it takes an hour or uh or what actually. Steph there are ways to speed up. Magic. Frame.

But we don't teach them to the. General. Public uh primarily because there's whole systems in place um that magic frame is a part of. So the short answer is yes.

But they're a little bit more involved than. I would generally teach to the to an honor on the public channels. So if you want to learn the ways to speed that up you would start with identity by. Design and.

Then you would go to regression both classical and holonomic regression and that would teach you a gazillion ways to just blast through this stuff really really quickly okay. Okay. Ale says that must be true. I'm an empathist thank you you're welcome.

Ellen okay. Um do you have books or courses or people that teach. Marketing in sales. I remember.

Last live you gave a list of people for copywriting oh. I've. I've been studying marketing and copywriting and all things related to it for almost 20 years now um and honestly it's one of the best investments. I ever made um.

So yeah. I have lots of people that. I've studied with um and continue to study actually uh one of the best guys probably most in most recent years. I was mentioned earlier.

Alex hermosi has a lot of really good information and some of it's free that you can get. So. I would. I would go there uh.

Sonic chronic. Dallas. David thanks for spending time here with us my. Last question is have you ever heard of the term.

Cosmic anchor and what does it mean thanks for honestly. Sonic. I've never heard that term before uh if you can give me a little more background. I might be like to to kind of extrapolate an answer.

But or. Intuit one. But. I don't really um.

I don't. I don't know. I'm not familiar with it. Michael.

Santiago says thanks a bunch sir stay blessed you too my friend. D. MC says what are the three magic questions [Music] um hold on a. Second.

I may have misread. I may have misread something no. I was right. Oh no.

Maybe. I wasn't was that question how to get through. Magic. Frame or magic questions faster the one.

I answered earlier. I may have misread your question oh brick. T says what is the cutting edge of your research at the moment what of looking into other. Realms entities and such right.

Now one of the things my biggest. Focus is um. Advanced energetic influence and suggestion in other words how can. I remotely and um more powerfully install suggestions in people um and forms of psychic self-defense and energetic combat that's kind of where my focus has been right.

Now um primarily because one of the things that. I'm seeing as. I get deeper and deeper into my my. Qigong training my hermetics training is that learning how to deal with entities um is becoming a bigger and bigger part of the training and.

So part of my karma this is again. I haven't really ever talked about this um. But part of my golden path that. I rarely talk about is part of my job in this life and this.

Incarnation is to take things and make them faster and easier and. So a lot of times what happens is. Technologies or systems that have been very very little known or in danger of of passing out or you know being phased out because the people who study them are very small those. Technologies tend to find me and when they do my.

Snyder sense goes off and. I just dive headlong into it and. I start getting downloads um about ways to streamline shortcut and make it more user friendly. I don't really talk about that much because it sounds really arrogant um part of my job is to find a better way you know um.

But as. I look. At a lot of the materials that are thousands of years old that. I'm going through.

I'm starting to get those downloads again about this piece needs to go with this piece which needs to go with this piece um and. I'm starting to put a lot of things together um that the final product is going to be really really powerful um. So that's kind of where my interests are going um my body has been has been healing super fast over the. Last two or three months and.

So. I'm very much contemplating uh you know taking up physically taking up the martial arts again and going back to training and teaching and those kinds of things as well and a lot of it. I attribute directly to where my. Studies have taken me over the past year.

So that's kind of what that's kind of what's going on in my world right. Now um we're always looking for faster better ways to help people get through their blocks and manifest the life they want um my. Fascination has always been with influence and persuasion and that has taken me in a lot of really interesting directions little did. I know.

Anyway um okay. So. I did answer. Steph's question right.

About the magic frame uh let's see uh let's see here. I'm trying. I apologize for being a little slow on the questions guys because. I'm you there's there's.

So many of them they're going by. So quickly um okay. Let me go back to. Dee's question wait a minute um what are the three magic questions.

So. Dave the three magic questions are three it's a code for three levels of question that you use that would take anybody from a complete stranger to an intimate partner and when. I say intimate partner that could be a lover it could be a bestie it could be your. Next business partner it's a deep level intimate connection that it creates while at the same time facilitates enhanced self-disclosure.

So that you know more about this person at the end of 20 minutes than their best friends know um and they're very hungry to to create some kind of relationship with you. So the. First the questions are uh level one is called location occasion level two is uh career passion and pleasure level three is early positive childhood experiences and they're it's a conversational framework that allows you to walk up to a complete stranger and in 25 20 to 25 minutes have them wanting to spend as much time with you as humanly possible right. That's in a nutshell what the three magic questions are uh we teach it in killer influence we teach it in defense against the dark arts we teach it in attraction.

Mastery. I think we also teach it in speed attraction. So those are the four places that we teach aside from our. Mastermind training where we teach that particular framework um.

Charlie says. Charlie. Sheen says how do. I make loads of money off the other.

Apes in the collective simulations oh that's very easy find out what they want show them how to get it that's it find out what they want create it show them how to get it uh. Archangel says can you go some deep on hermetics. I can. But her.

Medics is as a broader topic as the ocean. So. I need a more specific question. Sonic products says it's a long story.

I have to write an email. But thank you okay. Rick. T says.

David what do you know of. Atlantis is it real. I think. So or let me let me put it to another way.

I think it was real um. I. I have lots of different stories about. Atlantis um.

I don't know which ones are true which ones are not. But. I. I you know back in my pleiadian days when.

I was focused on. Aliens and conspiracy theories and the the merkaba trainings and stuff like that the. Egyptian uh sacred geometry stuff we heard a lot of things about. Atlantis.

I don't know what's true and what's not you have to follow your gut in your heart on that one. Avant guard says all right. Let's see here are you guys having fun is this useful seven one dot one says okay. Let's see here the oh my.

God there's. So many questions okay. Uso says by the useful 12. is that a play on the. Dune movie.

Uso is combining and using multiple language patterns to reprogram your subconscious mind more powerful than just an. I am affirmation are you talking about. Neville goddard's. IM affirmations or um there are certain patterns that.

I teach for super charging uh affirmations uh which in the question right. Below yours where can. I begin learning the information is from hidden. Laws of.

Attraction in fact uh on the. Last webinar. I taught there was like four or five levels to the information system and. I talked to level one uh information process.

So if you go back to our. Alaskan. Laws of. Attraction webinar um you'll actually see a brief training on how to do the informations the dude says we're reaching the 30 minute.

Point. AKA. Last minute and late people are here all right. Uh let me see here how many people do we have we got like 69 people watching everyone must be at work um 7.1 says have you looked into the benefits of kakeo recently replaced coffee with raw potato and experienced great results lower blood pressure higher energy sharper.

Focus smoother skin stronger teeth huh no. I haven't um if you have any any uh sources to rock a kale. I'm. I'm uh.

I'm open to the possibility. But. I've never. I've never played with it.

Tony kind says can you expound on. Switching. Karma as lately past six months it seems that. I am something of a person repellent even when.

I'm in a neutral. State. I find it very hard to connect to people okay. Tony.

I'm gonna ask. I'm going to ask you to give me a little bit more information because it doesn't sound like what you're dealing with is a case of karma switching it seems to me like you're in a in a disharmonic state that's driving people away. So that's a state control issue more than a. Karma issue um.

L life. I can't even is that. Elijah oh um hello. David good to see you 7.1 says.

I am not a cacao salesman by the way just had fantastic okay. Archangel says how do you combine her medics in. Qigong um they're the same thing the only difference being is that most. Qigong practitioners don't actually understand what they're doing they don't understand the principles um and the the the laws that are governing the.

Qigong that they're practicing. So if you understand hermetic laws you can look. At what. Qigong is doing and modify it change it and get a deeper a deeper result because of the mythology because of the story that you attached to it okay.

Um. But. Qigong. Qigong really if you look.

At it all the way back is actually um a branch of hermetic training okay. Go on guard is waving. Synod says is this live or nah what's that it's live. Dean mcsee says hold on a.

Second um where is it where'd she go thank you. David for answering my question that's. D son that says. I'll be the judge of that just kidding judge away my friend words create world says there's three magic questions and mating dance checklists getting into her world the bulletproof.

I found it's the most organic way to go because what's going to happen is when you're doing three magic questions the uh as you as you get deeper into the 3mq process the seven stages are going to emerge naturally and. So by being out by understanding the seven stages and being able to calibrate where you are in space and uh with that person you can know you can you can get you can guesstimate where you are in that mating dance process and how well you're doing if they're if you hit like stage two of the mating dance and you're doing three on the. Queue and you're not getting any further you missed something you're not creating the comfort and. Rapport that leads to touching stage which is attraction okay.

So they should be done simultaneously. But. I teach them separately because it's like trying to walk into gum at the same time or juggle and walk at the same time. So.

I would say if you have to do anything um again the 3mq is the most challenging part of it. So depending on how you think about it depending on how you think about it you might want to do that either. First or. Last right.

I think being able to visually calibrate proximic relationships is really really important and you don't need super powerful conversational skills or even the three magic questions protocol to do that you can get into normal conversations with people and and and watch the spaces and the and the relationships change. So. I think it's really a judgment call um the 3mq takes a bit more work. I think in terms of of learning how to dialogue and ask questions and things like that.

So it's really up to you to decide which one you want to get out of the way. First. But you should you do need them both in my opinion. So uh.

Len says welcome to the gold private archive welcome. Len thank you for joining. So. Tony says can you explain this harmonic even if.

I try to be um okay. So again without want. Tony without watching you in the field. I would say if you're repelling people or you're not resonating with people you've got one of two problems or both you either have a calibration issue which means your sensory acuity you're not picking up the subtle cues that people are sending out either verbally or non-verbally that lets you know you're moving towards connection and.

Rapport or away from it or. B there's something in the state that you're embodying that is not clicking it's not it's it's the vibrational distance between you and the person you're seeking to connect with is is too broad and. So you have to find ways to to shorten that distance. So that's those are the two when.

I see people who aren't connecting or have that problem that's what. I see they're not calibrating or they're not or or the the vibrational distance between them is too far apart you have to add you have to do more things that are like them to close that. Gap. Dee says do.

I teach. Qigong yes. I do uh. Rick.

T says. David needs to learn about. Ibrahim. Kareem.

Robert. Gilbert. Oh you mean the biogeometry stuff brick the like the books that. I have from vesica.

Institute. I know about them it's on my to-do list. But. I haven't gotten to them yet.

I've had the books for like two or three years including the coloring book. But my calendar my my training schedule and my research schedule has been. So packed and. Gilbert is such a deep level teacher um that.

I just haven't had time to do it okay. Um see here okay. Jesus. Castaneda says why is my body getting hurt a lot.

I'm somewhat fit. But. I suffer from knee pain shoulder pain and lately quad and calf strains okay. So the.

First thing. I have to ask. Jesus is what have you changed in your life in the past three months what's changed in your life uh the door 117 hi. David.

Camille here just saying hi and thanks again. I'm saving up for some money. So. I can give it to you okay.

Thanks. Dave thanks. Camille. Steven.

Wright. Could you give a simple example of anchoring yeah you got a favorite song right. Anytime you hear that song. Whatever whatever state you're in when you hear that song changes to a better one that's an anchor you gotta you got a favorite you got a lucky shirt or a ritual that you go through before you play a game or or do something those are all anchors okay.

An anchor is simply a stimulus response program that we've created where a happens and. Then. B it happens as a byproduct of that it's a cause and effect that's all an anchor is. Right.

Anchors are very very powerful they're one of the primary ways that we learn uh in our. Advanced. NLP training and stuff like that we show you all the different ways that you can use anchors um. But without other types of training.

First they're often not real user friendly out in the field which is why they're not in in my early trainings okay. If you don't have good language skills good calibration skills um it's very hard to play with anchors right. So that's why we reserve it to after you've had other trainings. First even though they're very simple they the skill sets needed to to make use of that.

Simplicity are again just like three magic questions and mating dance like walking and juggling at the same time. Average. Joe says can we manifest anything material with only doing spinning technique or these other law of attraction you also mentioned that we have to take action are we doing these techniques taking action. Okay.

So anything that you do at the mental body level which is where all manifestation actually it begins at the causal plane. But. Then it goes to the mental body level anything you do at the the non-local level has to be anchored with physical actions in the material plane that creates a vessel for the intention to manifest in now the way. I tell people to do this is you you impregnate the universe you do whatever manifestation tool you're going to use and.

Then you set about going through the physical actions in the in this primary reality the material world as if. Law of. Attraction didn't exist right. And when you have that mindset.

Then what happens is what you've sent out into the universe travels eventually you you move through time and space and. Then when the time is right. Those two things combine and you get the manifestation. So what a lot what will happen a lot of times is you'll go through the process and all of a sudden shortcuts and and accelerations will start to happen.

But it won't happen right. Away because you haven't built those muscles. So you have there's a process there's a training process that you have to go through right. A lot of people come to.

Law of. Attraction looking for an easy way to get something well in the mystical trainings a lot of times you'll hear that you'll hear the term the easy path is the hard path the hard path is the easy path and that's a direct that's a direct allegory to what. I'm talking about the problem with a lot of people who are coming and again this is not an indictment on on. Mo you know on anybody with us today.

But one of the the problems that we have with people who are coming to law of attraction is they're trying to get something for nothing and that is the exact number one way to not get what you want actual mindset that you need to have to make the. Law of. Attraction work and this is something nobody really talks about directly. I'm just going to say it up front you have to have the mindset of.

I'm going to get this. I'm going to accomplish this no. Matter what if. I have to go over around under through.

I'm going to get it no. Matter what when you embody that attitude and you have to be you have to truly embody and. Then you start embarking with on on using your. Law of.

Attraction skills combined with taking physical actions with that mindset now the universe will bend to your will. But if you're coming in looking for an easy way or something for nothing and you haven't done the work. Then what you're going to get is random at best okay. That's from a lifetime.

I've been a good. I've been a manifester all my life and unfortunately for early part of my life. I was a good manifester and. I was good at manifesting not good things because.

I didn't understand these these principles as well as. I do today. So forever needed to hear that that was for you um. Dee says had tried the information you gave.

Last time. I felt a shift with the story as. I tell myself perfect. Lynn when using hypnotic language if you use it what are you saying if what you're saying goes against their values well they reject what you're saying yes.

Yes. They won't want to reject it. But they will it is. Elijah the one and only miss you my dear friend.

I miss you too brother are you coming to. Hypno. Thoughts. So.

I know in my time references it's the lag in the video how did. I miss. So many questions. Rick.

T says how do you even confirm conspiracy theories like. UFOs or whatever you know of um honestly brick. I don't bother. I don't worry about conspiracy theories.

I worry about making my life as bulletproof as humanly possible and teaching my students how to do the same thing um man. I really apologize. I didn't realize how many questions. I'd missed um.

Brian says did you say aliens. Noel. Crest is good day could you explain the magic mirror what it is and how to learn it thank you okay. Snow owl what what magic mirror are we talking about.

I know of at least three or four different magic mirror things. So. I need. I need a better a clear question.

Steph says thank you for your time the dude says very useful dude. Jesus says yes. Yes. Yes.

Yes. The one says yes. I just found you a few days ago really enjoying listening learning thanks. Michelle you're very welcome my friend.

Rick. T says can you remote view. David yes. Um if you come to vibrational influence and vibrational healing you'll hear me talk about this back in the early 90s.

I was the president of the. American. Association for remote viewers and uh. I was.

I did. I held that position for about a year um where. I was was doing a lot of a lot of remote viewing. I was teaching people how to do remote viewing uh things of that nature.

I've since moved on from that. But the short answer is yes. I know how to remove you um. Steph says 241.

I am here haha okay. Uh uh sign out says let's keep separate things separate don't know what that's about in my time reference is reference to the lag in the video okay. Um okay. Average.

Joe. I hope. I answered your question the dude has anyone said is this live in person seminars no. No.

One's ever said that dude um see here. I'm. I'm catching up guys. I'm doing my best here are you guys having fun.

Winter's. Soul says drop the mic okay. Magic mirror and nlpeg technique by doctor. I.

I'm not familiar with. Will's technique. So now. I have another magic mirror technique.

I have to go research thanks for that snow can you tell more about breathing patterns. E8 tone says. I can if you can give me a more a more specific question about breathing patterns. Rick.

T says can't you remote view into. Mars or other planets for aliens yes. And. I've.

I've done uh. I haven't. I've never remote viewed. Mars.

But. I have remote view. Jupiter and. I won't say whether.

I found any alien structures on that planet words create world says what's the best approach to having honest direct. But uncomfortable conversations with women super rapport deep level heart centered from the heart report words create world says uncomfortable for them like breaking with them or putting a relationship on. But yes. You're gonna you're gonna absolutely need super level report and you're gonna need to use a lot of softeners um for starters and.

Then whatever techniques you would use to to cut those ties. Jeff. Smith says can you cute floaters and hello what's a can you cure floaters you know what. Jeff.

I've never tried. I've never tried. But if. I were to try.

I would start with unpacking the emotions behind the floaters and. Then because the eyes. Are connected to the liver. Meridian and the and the the wood element uh.

I would. I would tonify the kidney and. I would ton of fight and. I'll tonify and regulate the liver foreign.

I would use certain. Mantra sounds that go to the eyes. That's where. I would start.

D have a major written exam coming up in a few days any information. I could use the answers flow easily when. I write my exam because blah blah blah blah right. Anything that is present progressive.

I'm the answers are that that enhances your recall and lowers your stress and makes the exam fun um those are the kinds of informations. I would use uh let's go resistance words create worlds thank you. So much can you please share some softeners. I only know.

I'm curious let me ask you this just. So. I understand you better. I was wondering um is it possible that's really interesting could it also be those are those are where.

I would start. Benjamin grateful says is there like a few different sources of floaters. Jordan. Peterson says his was autoimmune.

But you can get them from dust correct yeah. I think there are different sources. Jeff says thank you it's for my son okay. Brick.

T how can you like a person. But not get attached and be ready to leave them how can we be with how can we be that person well. I think it comes down to gratitude right. Uh as one of my colleagues used to say be grateful that you had them not sad that they're gone right.

Because the truth is is nobody in. Planet. David is a stupid person and we're all to some degree self-actualizing and one of the one of the patterns you were going to become sometimes painfully aware of as you as you move through these processes of becoming more self-aware moving towards your best version of yourself is that as you grow you're going to tend to outgrow the people in your current social and personal circles that includes family that includes in many cases romantic partners uh friendships things of that nature and that's not necessarily a bad thing it's a natural thing because as your vibrations shift and change they become disharmonic to the people who aren't doing that work and. So what happens is you are they or both will start to become more and more uncomfortable around each other the secret to to becoming non-attached isn't vilifying the person or trying to bring these people with you it's doing the work recognizing when you are about to go through what we call an ego death or a transformation that's going to come with it um a change in the vibrations you put out to the universe which in turn is going to cause different types of people to come into your life and other people to move away not because they're bad not because you're bad.

But because you're no. Longer have the same resonance that you used to have that's not a bad thing the the pain comes is when we try to hold on to things that are no. Longer in our vibrational best interests right. So you can love people even though they're no.

Longer a part of your life you can like people even though being around them isn't as gratifying for you as it used to be and. I think. So the secret to it is non-attachment and the secret to not attachment is understanding that people are going to as you grow the people in your life are brought to a decision point every single time and that is either change as well or leave and one of the things my teachers taught me was that when people are in that situation where they're faced with change or not change and they don't want to change. Then they have to create an enemy that enemy is usually the person that is generating that vibrational pattern that's bringing them to that decision point.

So many times those partings of the way will happen not because you did something malicious intentionally malicious. But because the person is is on this vibrational precipice and they don't want to change and they'll take something that you said and reinterpret it. So they can justify breaking that relationship okay. Again it took.

Me decades to figure this out and even. Then. I still had to be told. So.

I hope that answers your question and. I hope other people who needed to hear that have heard that see here power incarnate okay. So power incarnate hi. David going to hypnotherapy soon to get rid of the idea that good things can't happen to me well done problem is that a idea applies to hypnosis as well as.

I have this fear. I won't work on me anything yes. When you go to the hypnotherapist the. First thing you want to work on is that that hypnosis won't work for you this is something that.

I that nobody prepared me for uh in my hypnotherapy training uh and. I ran head. First into it um during my practice many times what will happen is you will get people who who come into your clinic with a problem. But right.

Alongside that presenting problem is the fear that it won't work or the fear that it will come back and most unsuspecting hypnotists they ignore the. Fear. Part they try to they try to ameliorate it or neutralize it by explaining how hypnosis. Works how it's worked for.

So many other people strategically and tactically. I have very rarely seen that work and the reason for that is is because when people come in with two fears the problem that they want to get rid of and the fear that it won't go away the stronger problem is actually the fear that it won't go away or that it won't work. So as a therapist you have to deal with that. First you have to deal with that.

First using whatever tools are. I have a very very expansive toolkit. So you know. I can do thing.

I. I know how to do things that a lot of people it's not in their wheelhouse they'll try to talk through it or talk around it and one of the things. I've discovered many. But very often is that irrational problems require irrational.

Solutions and. So we don't try to rationalize people out of their issue we just go right. To the primary code and we change it there. But you have to understand the order of priority fear is a negative manifestation engine and.

So if you don't deal with the fear. First and you go in and you remove the problem if you haven't neutralized the fear effectively they will re-manifest the problem because the fear is still there that program is still running. So you've got to flip the script on people who are presenting with a fear that something won't work you've got to you've got to neutralize that. First okay.

And there's again at least three ways that are for free on our. YouTube channel that you can do that there's lots more. But um 7.1 says beyond the scope of the stream. But.

I had a vivid dream about a girl that came true during our. First date seven years. Later we met on my birthday and the relationship died suddenly on my. Next birthday had.

I been disciplined in your training maintaining. State. Control probably would have saved it. But.

Then again synchronicities were. So particular that it'll all seem very destined it's possible it's very possible. Brian says you're very generous. David great content thank you my friend uh 7.1 says be destined to disaster is a dark thought it's been seven months and.

I still can't get over it sounds like. I may need to come in for a visit am. I available um the only people that get to work with me personally processions are my mega. Platinum students and my limited influence coaching students.

So if you want to work with me you'd have to be a member of one of those programs otherwise we tend. I'll refer you out to one of my trained facilitators. Like. Bernie or.

TJ or. Moss or. Seth who are very very skilled at what they do. But to work with me.

I only work with my mega platinums uh and my my coaching students he says thank you. So much. But if you do want to join one of our programs seven you can go if you call 858-282-4663 and ask for ask. Stephanie about the mega or the uimc the unlimited influence.

Mastery coaching um she can tell you how to join that program um let's see here okay. Antron. Petty says. Dave.

I. Finally got the time to attend hidden. Laws of. Attraction.

August after five years of listening to you. I'm super excited to. Finally meet you can't wait awesome. Antron looking forward to meeting you.

Average. Joe says thank you question are you are doing these techniques putting in the work because there are other. Goods say that you can manifest anything just by doing the techniques and that is all the action needed to manifest well here's what. I recommend.

Joe get their stuff put it to work and see if it works if it works. I was wrong it doesn't work you haven't lost anything because if you go back and do the work and. Then apply those techniques it'll probably work better 7.1 says. But.

I'd like. I'd still like to see you again okay. I think. I missed something myself you may have just answered my question and addressed my issues thanks.

But. I would still like to see you again okay. Julian. Putnam.

Last week your existence was revealed to me it was a complete paradigm shift. I literally found my call and thank you for doing your work and teaching others. Julian you are very very welcome that's what. I'm here for.

Martine. S. Lawrence let's all hit the like buttons the content that. David is sharing with us is amazing thank you please do that please do that.

Synod says no. Okay. Fine the dude sales people run into fear of sales people all the time. I can't imagine the massive fear some have of hypnotherapists some people like to buy.

But hate being. So actually everyone. I know likes to buy and hates to be sold the question is just how much they want to spend to buy it um cyanot says an overload of mental game will disconnect you from your body keep yourself present to your experience even when that experience is that. I'm not present okay.

Colony number one says going back to dealing with fear of which of your hold on a. Second uh which of your programs might deal with that identity by. Design identity by. Design is where you start for fear.

Rick. T. David can you get a system memories or states of. Mind by doing rituals of cultures through morphic resonance what's your thought the short answer is yes.

I got to take a phone call. I'll be right. Back sorry about that. I had a pressing question needed to be answered um let me go back uh let's see here sometimes things don't manifest unless you do regression work have had this hat have you had this happen for example when women get sexual touch.

I get resistance come up uh yeah very much regression again stuff comes up for all reasons and regression when nothing else works regress to cause is almost always the answer and there's many different ways to do that um going back to the question that. I cut it short um snow allo says would you share your knowledge on all the auric field levels that you work with or know for example etheric body motion to body mental body uh. I use a three a three actually a four body model um there are other practitioners out there who have five or six or seven or eight layers one for every chakra um if you can name it and describe it you can find it in the orc layer. But all the old systems work with the three or four body system where you start with uh the.

Eternal. Soul. Then you have the mental or spiritual body you have the energy arthuric body and. Then you have the physical body.

So those are the the four bodies that. I work with and. Then all the different energy. Pathways taiji pole extraordinary meridians 12 main meridians things of that nature and of course the chakras um cynox says this is all a mental game not sure what that means um.

I feel like. I missed somebody. Archangel says is there a way to keep both hemispheres of the brain synchronized 24 7. I think you would have to do a lot of training and a lot of entrainment for that to happen is it possible yeah is it practical probably not yo mama says.

I noticed even the resisted people aren't as susceptible to change they're more susceptible to reinforcement any thoughts yeah because every human on the planet doesn't really want to know the truth they want confirmation that what they believe is true is actually true. So when you when you reinforce what somebody already believes they like you more because you're affirming their belief systems if. I'm reading that question correctly. So and it says an overload of mental game will disconnect you from your body keep yourself okay.

We've talked about that okay. This is the question. I. I kind of shorted.

Rick. T. David can you access the memories or states of the. Mind by doing rituals or of cultures through morphic resonance what are your thoughts the answer is yes.

You can the problem is have you reached a level of of vibrational and energetic and spiritual maturity to where you can unpack those um you can unpack those memories and decode that information most people can't uh. Jeff. Smith can a person who is being imitated purposely have their mind altered because of it yes. The only question is to the degree it's no.

Christmas. Noel says thank you. Julian says what are your thoughts on jungian archetypes the cabalian and resonating reasoning from the. First principles okay.

Um. I like the jungian archetypes a lot. I think there's a lot of validity to them the cabalian is a great trimmer although one of my students depending on the the version that you get the way they've um typeset the words looks like they're actually installing negative embedded commands into the reader. So when you go through that book.

Become aware of everything that's like in capitals or bolded or whatever because a lot of times to me from a neuro-linguistic perspective they come across to me as embedded commands and a lot of them aren't positive from my perspective. I learned a lot from the cabalian um. But remember that one of the the old traditions is to hide little bombs and traps and snares in material. So that people who weren't initiated and didn't understand the full spectrum of what they were reading couldn't get the benefit from it um in some of the very very old manuscripts in the old magical texts on.

Herbal. Magic and things like that if a person got a hold of one of those books and they went to to create a love potion if you didn't know what all those herbs did you could very much wind up poisoning yourself because what a lot a lot of times what these. Old. Masters would do is they would put little dummy recipes in there and they would be poisons in the ingredients.

So that if you weren't trained if you didn't understand what you were reading. Then you could actually wind up killing yourself because you weren't ready you weren't you weren't supposed to have that information. So. I'm not saying if you read the cabal and it's going to kill you.

I'm saying that you need to understand that for everything you read in a book. Or even see on. YouTube for that matter there is a comprehensive system in oral tradition and. Rites of.

Passage that gives you access and understanding at different levels of these texts that are available to the. General. Public and if you don't have somebody who is trained in that you're gonna you're gonna spend a lot of time fumbling around in the dark which doesn't mean you can't make discoveries and learn things it just means you know it's a little riskier if that makes any kind of sense right. Except part of my karma is to help everybody.

I. I use this um. I use this analogy to one of my my coaching students he said you know back in the days of martial arts and the. Shaolin temples and things like that you know if you ever watch the old kung fu movies where the the people who want to join the temple they have to stand outside the temple for days and weeks at a time to be accepted right.

And it's because the masters of those times didn't want to waste their time teaching an uncommitted inferior student they didn't want average people okay. You follow me. So they would put all of these tests and all of these uh um well tests for lack of a better word and ordeals that the the aspirants had to go through like certain schools of of mysticism that. I'm.

I'm connected with you have to stand for like days at a time before they'll accept you um nothing is free if you look. At the classical martial arts. Traditions a lot of them tremendous tremendous amount of physical disciplines and and exercises and things like that and years and years of training why a because they want to keep their. Rice.

Bowl filled that's an old. Chinese term. But also those long drawn out physical ordeals were designed to weed out the average student the the tourists the people who didn't have exceptional abilities or exceptional commitment everything about the traditional schools was designed for special people it was designed for people who were willing to do whatever it took. Or had exceptional attributes or both when.

I started when. I started unders coming to this understanding this is back in the early 90s. I realized something is that that wasn't fair it's like most most systems are all about teaching the superstars the quantum leapers had to be even more exceptional. I decided.

I wanted to create systems for people who weren't exceptional. So they could be exceptional um and the joke. I made to one of my students was you know they're designing their um you know their systems for the. Next um super athletes.

I'm designing mine for. Homer. Simpson. I want to teach.

Homer. Simpson how to be a. Jedi master right. I'm exaggerating just a little bit.

But when. I think about creating programs and courses that's my mindset how can. I make these things as safe simple fast and effective consistently effective as humanly possible and that's why a lot of times our stuff works. So fast and it you don't need a whole lot of stuff because that's that's the process we're going through we spend.

Deca years decades now pressure testing things and putting things together to see what gives us the biggest bang for our buck um. So again it's a long drawn out dissertation. But it's something you guys need to understand is that these old old traditions there are protocols and etiquettes that the. Masters will never tell you about and you either know them or you look.

Into them or you don't get it okay. One of my teachers sifu. Johnson actually put out a video called how to open close doors it was all about these secret etiquettes that these mystery schools and these. Qigong traditions and these.

Kung. Fu. Traditions have and if you don't understand them you're going to be you're going to pay a lot of money for a long time and you're never going to get the real inner door secrets and if it's true in the martial arts it can't be any less true in these magical or metaphysical disciplines right. So again.

I created. Planet. David as a place where you can get access to those things right. But as my teachers like to say nothing's free nothing's free you're going to have to give up stuff you're going to have to invest in yourself you're gonna have to invest time energy effort sometimes money to get the information.

But it's there for you if you want it okay. Um uh and as far as. Julian as far as reasoning with the. First principles.

I'm not familiar with that text. So. I really can't say much on it see well. I was doing my dissertation apparently another 100 questions came in.

I bet. David is talking about aliens on the phone. I love that okay. Let's see here let's see um let me skip down a little bit.

Jeff. Smith's question you missed about imitation no. I answered that question it was a very short answer. Jeff said can a person who's being imitated purposely have their mind altered because of it yes.

But the only question is the degree uh words create world says once you regress what do you what do you suggest for example. I got my butt beat by my father and that caused a lot of disempowerment and unsafety states in the child words what we do once we. Progressive person to cause depends on what we find when we regress there are many many techniques that we can employ um in that in that situation to go over them all here wouldn't help you because you don't have that training. I assume uh.

Diaz artists during my school years. I won major competition. I went in with the intention to win a position wondering how. I can replicate that oh regress to cause and revivify the states and experiences it's very easy uh.

Marlena. Yaz he says great to be back again with you awesome gratitude is key intention is powerful uh brick. T animal sacrifice always had to do with our animal nature and not actual animals right. Or can you somehow make use of oh trust me it had everything to do with the animal's energy yeah um there's there's two substances in the body that have the highest energetic potential that's blood and semen and.

So when a person is doing a ritual sacrifice they're harvesting that energy and uh molding it and forming it and sacrificing it to an identity or a deity no. Due diligence equals trouble even if the author has the best intentions right. 7.1 we tend to appreciate what we don't have to work for or we tend not to that's true that's why we can't just wish for manifest a good life. But you can't manifest a good attitude okay.

Uh what about certain people's. Vibes that are attractive. But it doesn't have have to do with looks. So how do we gain such oh that's easy uh.

State control training in um your state control training and killer influence attraction. Mastery or uh um rapid attraction. Secrets will do that it's all about. Charisma training sorry guys um coming up on um.

I'm gonna have to jump out soon. But. I want to try and answer as many questions as possible. Edgardo says a lot of people just do one or two exercises that's true and quit.

Marlena says confidence. Miss link eight says you're making me think of. Mickey. Mouse and.

Fantasia and the water sequence talking about the. Masters being picky it's true your mama says sacrifices. Marlena says we're mind-mending. Becca.

Rose says hey hey. Becca. Chrisley. I stumbled on.

Lisa film and. Barrett what are your thoughts about her theory on the. Triune brain being a myth. I have a tremendous respect for.

Lisa. Barrett's work um. But. Lisa takes a very contrarian.

View and. I think part of her part of her claim to fame in her books is to poke holes in well-established um theories nothing in her book. Contradicts how we do the what we do or what or the way we do it. So.

I think the the best is uh is to take the 50. Shades of. Gray approach both work both work and. So.

I integrate it. I integrated a lot you'll learn about that at identity by. Design and in regression uh. Power incarnate says sorry.

I had to do something. But. I just watched the answer thanks for your answer very helpful. Jeff.

Smith says how can it be reversed what can what be reversed what did. I miss um how can you reverse it identity by. Design will do it depending in. Magic.

Frame will do it magic for um yeah. So. I know two things more than two. But only one for now um hold on a.

Second. I'm using it pronounced. Na and actually. I don't remember the segment okay.

That was completely chaotic. So. I know you're gonna have to re-ask that question is it because. I'm.

So used to it uh. Becca. I must have oh there's a question okay. Random question.

But it's normal whenever. I ever hear strangers chat amongst themselves if they say my trigger words that my him to use the word. Springs to my attention also finger snaps is it because. I'm.

So used to it well. Becca. First of all. I would say you are a very very good hypnosis subject um and that the hypnotist when they installed those suggestions didn't put in enough safeguards to keep them from being randomly triggered.

I actually had a situation uh back in the 90s when. I was an undergrad um. I was already trained very well trained in hypnosis um and. I wound up going to a.

Leadership. Retreat and while we were at the. Leadership. Retreat they the one of the night's entertainments was a stage hypnotist and uh he brought up two of the girls who were sitting at my table and did and they were very good subjects and one of the girls he hypnotized that every time uh somebody said a certain word or snapped their fingers or something she would feel like her butt got pinched and she would yell at the person pinching their butt and she went through the whole show and.

Then at the end of the show the hypnotist dismissed the panel and. I noticed something. I noticed something was that the hypnotist forgot to remove the butt pinching suggestion like and what happened is when the girl got back to the table because they've seen it happen on stage everybody started doing saying the key word or snapping their fingers or something and she kept feeling her butt get pinched and after about 20 or 30 minutes. I.

I started to say like okay. I got to do something about this because. I'm the only one who could and. I leaned across the table to her and.

I whispered in her ear and. I said look. If you need me to. I can remove that suggestion.

So it doesn't bother you anymore and she looked at me and said no. No. It's fine it'll go away or that's not a big deal. So we built we leave to go back to the the we leave the retreat now we're back on campus about three or four days.

Later there's a knock on my door and it's this girl and she's there like. David um could you help me um remove that suggestion and. So. I you know.

I put her in trance and. I removed the suggestion and she was fine after that. So when. I when things like things like this do happen and they're not malevolent or intentional.

But sometimes uh if someone who is hyper suggestible um the hypnotist needs to put in extra safeguards to make sure that um these things aren't triggered when they shouldn't be right. So if if that's the if it's bothering you if it's causing you a problem go back to your hypnotist and say can you modify this suggestion. So it only happens within certain parameters if you if you're okay. With it.

Then leave it the way it is okay. So. I rephrase that part. I don't go into trance okay.

Okay. Uh let's see here permission required got it okay. All right. Let's see here.

I mean uh again. I missed a ton of uh. David. I can't wrap my mind on how blood energy can do any good to some entity.

So what's being traded rain for crops or something necessary any of the above read uh for those of you who want to uh it's a little deep. But uh get the occult significance of the blood by. Rudolph. Steiner that'll teach you a little bit about why blood is.

So powerful uh that energy can be used for anything because it's not it's the life force and not usually the spirit of the animal. But the life force itself contained in the blood and the semen that is harvested um. So what the hell do. Elites gain from child sacrifice what deity does again the history of man is is peppered with.

Cults and religions that that practice ritual sacrifice hell the you know up until. Abraham. I think it was um it was it wasn't uncommon in the the. Semitic tribes if.

I remember correctly okay. Let's see here sign on. I'm gonna have to ask what question. I just corrected you on my.

First comment you mispronounced my and wrong a. Second time not pronounced nah okay. Um what's your take on mind mending on group events like on. YouTube.

I don't know what mind mending means or mind melding um. Marlena you're gonna have to elaborate on that because. I'm not sure what you're talking about um what the hell do. Elites gain from child sacrifice it's not it's again it's about harvesting the energy and the spirit and using it and molding it for something um see here can't do it okay.

There's there's other [Music] um different schools of thought. But there are covert methods for getting them into trans oh absolutely we're do you have a team of people you've trained that can help me with regression work yes. If you call my office and ask for a referral uh. Stephanie will point you in the right.

Direction. Marlena says his hypnosis power of suggestion like subliminal reprogramming of the mind no. It's much more powerful. Sikhism sign says.

Doctor what state are you in now because. I get confused with choosing a state to be in um right. Now. I am in uh information delivery mode.

I'm in teacher mode okay. Uh how do people communicate with. DDS to begin with well the primary way one of the primary ways that most people learn through prayer meditation contemplation uh there's things called deity magic where you imagine the deity and you shorten the vibrational gap between you and the image of that deity until the report connection is. So strong that you actually become the manifestation of the deity there's there's many different ways to do it the dude says good stuff.

Dave we'll see you sooner or. Later probably in. Vegas it's been a long time coming and looking forward to it awesome dude um. Rebecca says love your videos by the way back thank you.

Becca. So. I know it says magic circle hahaha okay. All right.

My friends listen this has been great it's been fun uh. I am. So happy that you guys spent some time with me on a. Thursday.

I sincerely hope uh you got a lot out of this video please like and share it obviously uh the more you like the more you share the more people we can pull into. Planet. David the more events we can do because. I'm.

I thrive on crowds that's one of my things. So uh in the words of the immortal. Carol. Burnett.

I'm. So glad we had this time together just to have a laugh or sing a song seems we just got started and before you know it comes the time we have to say. So long we'll talk to you soon my friends. Next time you hear from me.

I'll probably be in. Vegas by the way we've got only got a few seats left for the the hypnosis training out there if you go to um. HTTP colon backslash www.nlp power.com forward slash events and click on the. Hypno.

Thoughts link um you can get one of the. Last remaining live tickets or you can get one of the virtual seats please please come out to. Vegas you get to spend either four days eight days or 11 days with me it's your choice if you can't make it in person you can attend virtually. But you got to get in there and let.

Stephanie get you on the list and um that's about all. I got please click that link see us in. Vegas and. I'll talk to you real soon good night and go.
