Title: XEfVclLxBuY.txt
Video Id: XEfVclLxBuY
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XEfVclLxBuY

Hello hello hello everyone this is. Dr. David. I'm welcome to.

Magic. Tuesday um. I am actually uh coming to you live from my hotel room in. Irvine.

California where we just finished uh uh. Dallas. Chinese energetic medicine uh training or um. I'm not taking them in order.

But uh. So. I just decided to check in thank you. Alexandro um.

I decided to check in and see how everybody's doing um and find out what's on your mind this magic. Tuesday because. I've just spent the. Last two three days learning all kinds of really cool uh symbol magic and things of that nature.

So you got me for a little while before. I got to check in on other things. So tell me what do you guys want to learn what do you want to talk about today what do you want to know about. So let's see here any questions balot bran says much love.

David for all that you've taught me over the years much love back balet uh. Luis. NAA says hello. Dr.

Snider good to see here good to be here my friends. So talk to me what's uh what's on your minds this. Tuesday what do you want to talk about what do you guys what what direction do you guys want to go by the way how many of you by a show of hands in the chat have have have taken the time to run over to. Global gurus. org and cast your votes for the number one.

NLP dude of 2023 if you have type it in the chat if you have not type it in the chat and. I will post the link if you're willing to do that do. I have any upcoming tradings yes. I have several upcoming trainings what kind of trainings are you interested in.

Alexandre oh wait we have a we have a $5 donation from uh. AP imagine you're in a sales cycle with a client for software they're excited on board and. Then they start to ghost you tactics on getting them back yes. Um start with the uh the following subject line dear.

So and. So have you given up dot dot dot trust me they will call you back what you do with them after that well that's up to you. So. I typed uh for for uh.

AP. I typed it in the chat uh that particular subject line that particular approach actually comes from. Chris. Voss in his book.

Never split the difference. I have found it to be an extremely powerful um subject line and an extremely powerful way to approach people who are ghosting you either through text or through voice um they may be a little defensive when they call you back. But um they will call you back right. You could also you could get a little bit more aggressive and go with something like dear.

So and. So why did you quit or are you quitting right. These are all very provocative nobody likes to be thought of as a quitter or someone who can't go the distance. So they will they will call you back.

But they may be a little bit on the defensive. So you better have good report skills. Susan says yeah voted. Last week.

Alexandra says hypnotherapy trainings uh yes. We have uh our our our neet well we have a covert hypnosis training coming up in. January and. Then we have a conversational hypnosis.

Advanced. Training coming up in. February and. Then in.

March we have identity by. Design uh hypnotherapy certification that's that's where. I start that's where. I like to start everybody at because identity by.

Design just takes you from. Zero to. Hero from knowing nothing to being like. Unstoppable right.

Um. I don't know if. I was divinely inspired when. I got the downloads or.

I put that course together. But the combination of the particular curriculum uh the way the training is done it just you you embody the skills. So fast and. So deeply that there's really nothing comes your way that you can't figure out.

So there's lots of people in the chat who've actually been through the identity by. Design uh system. So by all means if you have any feedback or things like that um uh. I'd ask you to post your will.

IBD be hybrid there's a high pro. Susan there will be a high probability that uh going forward there will be more hybrid trainings um again. I'm. I'm very.

I'm gonna go. I'm get on my soap box for a minute. But. Then.

I'm going to tell you one of the things. I've learned the hard way um. First and foremost is that postco reality once people got used to sitting behind their screens it's become almost impossible to get them out now there are there will always be people who want to be in the room and who want to who want to absorb the the full. Vibe.

But the truth is. I and. I predicted this actually um right. At the beginning of.

Co when everybody was in lockdown. So one of the things that's happened is because people have become. So hesitant and not just me. But trainings all over are suffering people are becoming.

So hesitant to come out to live events that uh it's forced me to really rethink how to maximize uh attendance while at the same time maintaining quality of of uh of students and. So we're probably going to be doing more hybrid stuff um as standard operating procedure. But hybrid options will almost always there won't be any price breaks or anything like that um. But and the the requirements for repetitions will actually be much more stringent.

But the good news is you can attend from home you don't have to pay for a hotel room you don't have to pay for airfare unless you really want to come out and train in person uh. But the repetitions and the amount of the amount of of of reps that you get in will probably be doubled. So because my commitment is to you not just to give you the knowledge. But to make sure that you embody the skill um that's what.

I'm looking at. So yes. Going forward um there will be more more hybrid events um in fact we will of the. First people to.

Pioneer. Hybrid events um back in the beginning of. Co. U.

But at the same time we want to maintain the quality. So you know in spite of the fact that. I've you you know you you know the old saying you want to hear the universe laugh you want to hear. God laugh telling your plans.

I remember vividly staying in front of my my. YouTube audience and my zoom audience and my live audience say. I will never certify people virtually well apparently. God heard me and he's having a big belly laugh right.

Now. So um you do what you got to do to to get the people out there um. But yes. So the short answer is yes.

There will be more hybrid events um. But. I'm not going to make them easy. So.

I'm just letting you guys know that yes. You can attend from home you can practice virtually. But uh the requirements that you're going to have to complete for certification will be significantly higher than if you're in the room now unfortunately [ __ ] rolls downhill. So my poor students in the.

Live. Events are probably going to have to do the same amount of reps. So. But it'll just make them better.

So all right. Uh. So. Seth breart says.

So the definition of hypnosis includes the establishment of acceptable selective thinking. But you never specify acceptable to whom. I think it's acceptable to me and that's all that matters um. AP says thanks.

Stacy post the link. I'll vote let me grab that link for you guys really quick. I thank you by the way for those of you who did vote and a ton of you did uh. I want to thank you.

So much for for your support um. I really really try to to to to bring as much value and and problem solving to your life as. I can through our our our events and our our free offerings and things of that nature. So you can get to the point where you know you want to come out to a live event and take your skills further.

So. I'm going to post the link in in just a. Second um go to that link scroll down there you may have to create a free account in order to vote just fill that out there's no. Charge or anything like that.

I don't think. Global gurus doesn't really spam people. So you should be okay. So it's.

Global gurus. org. NLP go ahead and click that link and go ahead and uh cast your vote um. AP is asking another question lost 30 pounds in three months have another 30 to go when you lost weight how did you be patient and happy with progress doing kickboxing and eating clean okay. So.

First of all. I am not a patient dude and. So the weight loss um systems that. I went on uh were by most people's definitions rigorous and very very difficult.

But they were shortterm um. I don't recommend those for most people um one of the things. I've seen and. I've seen this with me as well as other people weight that weight that comes off fast tends to come back fast weight that comes off slow tends to stay off for longer periods of time.

So again there's many different approaches to weight loss the. First thing. I recommend is um a don't put a time limit on your weight loss okay. Congratulate yourself for the the small victories there will be plateaus there will be backslides don't beat yourself up about that just start over.

Okay. But clean up your emotions clean up the reasons why you're eating if you're substituting food for security or. Food. For.

Love or food for anything other than physical nutrition you need to you need to deonn or disconnect those associations because those are the things that will trigger you to eat when you're not hungry surround yourself with people who have good eating habits one of the things that keeps getting drummed into uh my head as well as my fellow students is um your friends are stronger than your will and. So if you surround yourself by people who support you who have the same mindset as you in the same direction as you. Then adopting the behaviors and the discipline for lack of a better word that um necessary to achieve those goals is is much much simpler as opposed to being surrounded by people who are chowing down on. Sundays and pizza and beer and all the things that in that moment you love to eat.

But. Then you pay for for weeks on end because it's you know a moment on the lips weeks on the hips or months on the hips right. So let's see here um there's lius says. David hello.

Nathaniel says uh have you done any. Jeremy. Miner trainings his stuff is very similar to yours and. James.

James might be a good opportunity i'. I don't know the the person. I've never heard of them uh. Nathaniel says it's sales training by okay.

IBD that is okay. IBD is lifechanging. Nathaniel says whiskey. South says hey.

David. I'm living with someone who seems to have more anxiety than anyone. I've ever met and is. So wound up and tense any tips on mailing someone like this out.

I have many tips the question becomes are they willing to do it you know do they see their anxiety as a problem and what are they willing to do to get it and are they approaching you for help with it one of the things. I keep that. I keep getting beaten into my head as. I get deeper and deeper.

Into the. Mystic training the the medical chiong trainings you can't chase people to heal them they have to come to you and if they're not coming to you. Then you know it's it's it's going to be shortterm at best you're. G to get a very low compliance.

So um. Frank. Richards is saying. I appreciate appreciate all your material.

I'm struggling with maintaining. State when. I'm trying to approach new people okay. What meaning what state are you trying to maintain and what is the meaning that you're putting on that interaction what movies are you running in your head about what this interaction means to you because that's where most of the uh the problems will be hold on a.

Second someone just the way 126 experience 1999 uh where does your dowst practice says come from which lineage. I'm a 66th generation holder in one sec and 126th um maon uh jungi um. Maan absorbed the. Ling ba tradition many many generations ago my teacher is like um one is 81st generation other's 18th.

Generation. Um and there's one more. I can't remember that he did what's funny is he just went over it in class today. But yeah he's.

Maan and jungy um yeah uh if you want to know who my my teacher is. Dr. Jerry. Allen.

Johnson and uh his his disciples um uh. Diego. San. Miguel uh.

Chris holder uh seu. William. Welch uh these are the guys and seu harender. Singh these are the guys that the.

Inner. Circle. U that. I'm training with.

So. I'm very open about who. I train with fact. I got a bunch of my inner circle students in the same classes as me it's kind of funny um says berona let's see here.

Hypno. Finom rant says do the drills get the skills you got it baby. Susan says personally. I just have too many elderly animals.

So online is a blessing yes. Look. You know people have their own reasons for not getting on a plane they have family engagements they they're caregivers. I get that you know um one of the things that that.

I've always been big on is people earning their change earning their their skills and the only way. I can really up until recent until. I made this decision and it was a hard decision for me about um because when something's obviously working. I'm not keen to break it that makes kind of sense.

But you know you know you know a year or. So into the postco and just watching the trend with people um. I had. I've had to sit back and rethink okay.

How how do. I do this how how do we how do we get people to the same or or approximate the same level of skill as a live event through virtual training and. So this is what. I do.

I'm like. I said impatience is my superpower. So you have to adapt to the way the world is and this is something that even though. I preach it to everybody every now and.

Then the world just. Smacks me upside to head with it and says look. You will never make the world the way you want it to to be until you're ready to wait deal with the world the way that it is and this is the world that we live in right. Now until things change you know um we have to adapt to this this this desire to just stay at home and do it virtually right.

Um. You' see here. Heather. P most important thing about image cycling emotion n scene best daily practices.

I got one out of 15. So far crossed off my list well great put something else on your list. So the most important thing about image cycling is that you enjoy it and that you take things off your list as they manifest. Dr.

Bill. Bankston when he created image cycling and he teaches it to his students he only had two rules avoid ritual be playful as long as it's fun and you're not hung up on doing it exactly the same way every time you're golden um the way 126 says great to know my pleasure right. Magic and spirituality what are the top 10 techniques that. I teach in what in what.

Niche magic. I mean. I. I um there's.

So many techniques and and. But a lot of them do cross over a lot of them are are univers. So if you can give me a better idea of what direction. I can give you a a list brick.

T says what advice do you have for people with retroactive jealousy especially with part partners with sexually adventurous past. But not willing to be like that anymore it's like you can't get the partner's entirety okay. So. I'm gonna again.

CL let me cl let me see if. I understand in my words what you're saying brick. So you've got a partner who has had a very colorful past has had a lot of um. Adventures.

So to speak. Liaisons right. And thinking about them makes you jealous would that be accurate right. The problem isn't with them it's with you right.

And. So what you have to do is you have to find the feeling in your body and ask yourself okay. How young was. I when.

I. First felt this way and who was it with and unpack that because what you're dealing with when you're responding that way to a person's past it's not about them it's about you and. So clear that stuff up in your gain some insight and wisdom as to how that came about and how you can let that go and. I think you'll find that that the person's past will no.

Longer bother you quite the same way or at all for that matter um. Julie. Holmes says have you given up brilliant. So using that yeah it's really powerful.

But again it's the more powerful the things are that the the more of a response you'll tend to get. But. I've never had people fail to to respond to that. So uh.

Nick. Legend says. David. I found my fiance with how to make a girl fall in love in 20 minutes.

OG video excellent that's awesome uh. Patty. Pacifico says. Dr.

David good evening is energy hypnosis speed healing the best recommendation for. PTSD other anxiety issues depression for those new to you. NLP or want lower cost products that's a great place to start um energy hypnosis speed healing um. I'm trying to think if.

I have anything more recent that um might help speed energy hypnosis speed healing definitely has spinning in it it may have the. Magic. Frame. I do not know if it has color breathing in it.

So color breathing is actually a really great way to kind of put the cherry on the. Sunday or. I don't want to think. I want to think of it as.

Poor. Man's regression. But it's a really good way to kind of get into the into some of this the backstory about why a particular situation is the way it is and substitute story. So that would be um that would be where.

I it's a it's a good place to start from there. I would go into identity by. Design or self-mastery supercharger in fact self-mastery supercharger uh might actually be a better product it's not quite as pricey it's it's more expensive than energy healing speed hypnosis. But it's not quite as pricey as identity by.

Design or regression. But it has all the same materials in it it's just that the self-mastery supercharger is designed to a self- hypnosis training program as opposed to a therapeutic training program that you might do with other people even though two-thirds of the the training is exactly the same whether you're going to be a therapist or or working on yourself. But it has all the same materials in it. So.

I. I would recommend you start there and and see where that takes you um. Rick. T says is there a way to detach energetic connections to your part of your partner to her ex completely or overwrite yes.

There is. However your partner has to be the one to do it or has to have you willing to do it okay. Um in vibrational healing might be in vibrational influence too there are some exercises where. I.

I teach people how to reach into people's energy fields and pull out the energetic cords and connections um that other people have attached to them. So that would be a very useful um place to start there are other practices that um. I haven't really released to the general public because they're from my my dowst and my. Mystic my and my.

Buddhas and mystical trainings. So um yeah. So that's that's probably uh if you can find like if. I don't know.

I don't know what courses of mine you have. But uh that would probably be the best the best place to start. I got to find my aura ring. I.

I did a lot of chiong today and. So. I had to keep taking my rings off. I keep forgetting to put them back on.

So let's see here um balot bran you're right. About pre and postco role it's similar to 911 with all the changes that happened after that yes. Yes. Here's what's interesting fun fact toid is um.

I knew what would happen when everybody went. Zoom because. I had seen the exact same behavior about 10 years previously uh and the reason. I say that is because um back in the day when.

I was still in my. Dar. Snider period one of the the notables in that in that field decided that they were gonna do they were gonna do something cool and start live streaming their. Live.

Events and do kind of a hybrid thing and the side effect of that was it absolutely killed his live audience nobody would come to the lives anymore and. So. I made a. I made a a.

Command. Decision okay. That's what happens when you give people the onscreen option. I'm not going to do that 10 years.

Later. Co comes along and boom here we are forced into that into that model right. So the one thing. I.

I. I just want to put out there for all of you is that. I'm not against online learning at all in fact. I.

I did a lot of online learning in my undergraduate education. But it's actually harder to get good online not because um not just because the the live interaction. But because it's. So easy to just take a break or walk away or not pay attention or do other things while the class is going on you know may you know when.

I did my doctorate which was all them and. I'm traveling all over the world and. I'm teaching classes and. I'm doing everything in in this doctorate program back in the 2019 um.

I think the one thing that probably ensured the quality of the education was that you could go back and watch the replays. But you had to actually be in the class while the class was being run live like in other words it would you had to be there in real time even if you were virtual. So. I'm in.

Australia or. Thailand or. Cyprus and. I'm at four o'clock in the morning.

I'm up taking a class because. I have to be there in order to get the credit right. And. So attendance was was something that.

I think you know kudos to. Pacific college for for being that strict about that it's too easy to cheat. I'm in these classes now and. I'm as guilty as the.

Next person you know my. Buddhism classes or my. Daoism classes or my. Christian mysticism classes and 80% of the people have their screens off right.

You know. I have a taichi teacher that. I. I train with online if you don't have your screen on you don't get credit for the class right.

So it's you know there's all kinds of protocols and different ways that that people are coming coming up with to make sure that we optimize our training online and and. I again it's here to stay it's not going anywhere and we just have to uh we just have to suck it up and find ways to ensure quality and that's that's my concern because anybody can log in and watch a video right. And that's why we put out. So much content because there's a lot to be said for gaining knowledge and insight.

But what we really want as practitioners as as people taking an active role is we want you to embody skill sets we want you to go out and play with the skills and make them yours and make changes for yourself and. Then help other people and pay it forward that's where the real gold is that's where that's what lets me know that. I'm making a difference it's not the subscriber count don't get me wrong. I'm grateful for 202,000 subscribers and.

I'm grateful for all the. Kudos that you guys give me what really gets me excited what really makes me feel like. I'm doing what. God sent me here to do was when you post in the in the chats and and and and on the on the.

YouTube channels and in the emails how you took. Something went out into the world and got a change and and got something you wanted using the techniques because every time you do that your unconscious mind logs it as a success and it primes you to want to and be willing to do it again. So that's kind of a reward system. So not only do you get what you want for for doing the technique it primes you to want to do it again and with more repetition the behavior that gets repeat rewarded gets repeated and the behavior that gets repeated gets reinforced and that's how you create change consistent steps over time in the direction of your goals right.

Uh and. So anything that reinforces that. I'm all for it right. So.

I'm gonna get off my uh my live training. Zoom training soap box. But um let's see here. Susan if.

I could learn to a apparate and disapparate in personal. I'm not sure what you're trying to are you trying to say appear and disappear in person would be easier yes. Okay. I think you misspelled this or maybe autocorrected something there.

Susan alesandro says how do. I know if. I'm the person. I'm if the person.

I'm dating is right. I've been talking to someone for a year stable good sexual connection. But no. Real strong emotions or feelings of.

Love okay. Does this person make you happy it's a very very simple question does the person that you're with make you happy right. Or are you looking for the bigger better deal most of us are kind of dealing with fools in it we take what we get you know if the person makes you happy and if they never changed never got any better never never got any worse could you be happy with them for an indefinite amount of time right. Do you have values that that are are very very similar right.

Do you have activities that overlap right. All these things are important what are the things that that this person does not have that you want if any and how important are they right. These are all things these are all things we need to be asking right. You know it's interesting u in fact the class.

I'm going to be starting tomorrow is on uh. Sex. Magic and uh chakra surgery and. So a lot of the things that have been coming up this past week have been about how do how are we selecting mates and what is it that causes us to feel certain attractions on an energetic level and it was pretty eye opening that some of the things that that we we tend to sort because we don't know any better when we see a person we tend to see we tend to zero in on the attributes they have that we want that we don't have and.

So that and that sets up its own like self-destructive energetic process again it's a little bit more complicated than that. But basically we tend to. We tend to see we when we see when we see somebody right. We look.

At all the things they have that we want and rather than develop those things in ourselves those qualities in ourselves we attach to that person and try to make them responsible for satisfying those deficiencies in ourselves and eventually what happens is those connections some people were talking about cords a little bit earlier those connections start to get pulled back and that's when all the drama starts when all the turmoil starts right. So the. First 90 days or. So you're you're on cloud n right.

And all of a sudden things that you used to overlook. Start to bother you a little bit now they start to bother you a lot why because those chords are changing because you've made them responsible for things you're lacking without will being willing to develop those things within yourself right. So it's it's it's really interesting um on how how some of these mystical uh practitioners really view some of these energetic interactions and how we select for baits okay. Let's see here hopefully that answers and and gives you guys some places.

AG go um. Dr. David most important question what happened to your vest. I haven't seen you wear one in quite some time um my.

I still wear them um. But what's interest what. I've noticed over the past maybe two or three months is. I'm wearing less and less stuff it's it's really interesting like a couple months ago.

I just stopped wearing my watch and. I still wore my little silver bangle and. Then about two three weeks ago. I just put it up and.

I. I just it it it started to feel really heavy. So. I think what's happening for me is that with all the things.

I'm doing energetically with all the things that. I'm doing uh in my life and and the things that. I'm juggling my my energies are changing my tolerances are changing. I still wear the vests um because.

I like them. But um my my my desire for is is changing a little bit. So. I'm tending to go a little bit more um a little bit more snaky or a little bit more you know leopard prints type things.

But have no. Fear the vest will be back very very soon especially once we start doing uh. Live. Events and stuff again right.

I can't really walk away from the vests. I'm a little invested in them as you might say uh. So yes. But have no.

Fear uh and the other thing is. I'm getting kind of bored with the ones that. I have to be honest um. I've pretty much bought.

Shrine store out of every vest in my pallet and. So. I'm back to wearing the same vests over and over again and. I'm really.

I'm really kind of bored with them. So. I. I gotta find.

I gotta find somebody who can make me some uh some custom vests in the same style. But in in patterns and things that are unique. So that's kind of where. I'm at with that right.

But have no. Fear they're not going away anytime soon um appear verb to appear magically or to teleport from oh yes. Wouldn't we call that bilocation. But yes.

Okay. So magic and spirituality how to deal with monogamy and choosing one woman as a man how to deal with fomo and having a hard time committing to just one person any tips on this and commission commitment issues in general well it's interesting that you asked that um because. I just talked about energetic connections and things like that. So you want to look.

At how do how do your values match with this person's values how do your loves and enjoyments match with that right. Um and and and and play with it for for long term you know. I think it's important to remember that everyone you meet is going to have things you really really love and they're gonna have things that really really get on your nerves right. And.

So you have to find. But a lot of it is expectations we have we create expectations of others and. Then get mad at them for not being who we want them to be right. Take the time to find out who a person really is and how fulfilling beyond the sex right.

How much how you how much do you enjoy actually spending time with them having conversations with them doing things with them that doesn't involve you taking your clothes off now don't get me wrong. I'm a. I'm big on sexual compatibility and stuff like that it's one of the. First products.

I ever ever put out still one of our best sellers today even though. I don't promote it. But there has to be more if you want something long term right. Unless you're setting different rules and different.

Lifestyles and things like that. So what where do you guys overlap right. You can't you don't want to be 100% the same. But you want to be the same enough that you can do things together and and commune and and relate to each other and spend time together enjoying each other's company.

But different that you're interesting and exciting. So how do you find that balance. I. I start with values.

I start with criteria in other words not only are the values important. But how are those how are those values satisfied are they the same for you as the as the other person what's your love language what's your attachment style right. These are all things that if. I'm looking at a partner again didn't know these back in the day.

But. I wish. I had because it would have saved me. So much trouble learn to identify what is your attachment.

Style what is your love language right. What is your what are your values what are your criteria what are the things you enjoy what is your political orientation what is your credit rating the more of those boxes you can check in the other person the more likely you're going to have a good relationship because again the things that would be contentious are in this along the same vector and that doesn't mean opposites don't attract. Opposites attract all the time. But they rarely stick and the more you have to change your s to be with a person the more taxing that relationship is going to be and the faster you're going to burn out that.

I see over and over and over again um. So. Patty. Pacifico says wait.

Brian. Armstrong is asking uh how long did it take for the positive changes to begin. I'm not sure what changes we're talking about. Jose olivo says voted for you thank you for your work.

I have two questions do you still experience negative thoughts or feelings and what do you think about. John crater's predatory energetic self-defense pram question number one do. I experience negative thoughts yes. Do.

I experience feel negative feelings yes. Because. I'm a human being and. I'm surrounded by people who do stupid [ __ ] right.

Me being one of them right. Um. I get. I get nailed with bad feelings and negative feelings all the time why because we're human and that's what we came here to figure out right.

There is no. Growth without discomfort. So as long as you're a passenger on the uh the flagship. Earth you're going to be dealing with negative thoughts and you're going to be dealing with feelings the difference is how much do we do they control.

US versus how much do how aware of them are we and what are we doing about them right. The idea that you're. G to move through this world without experiencing a negative thought or feeling it's just not realistic it's not going to happen. Okay.

Um the question is what are you doing about those thoughts and feelings when they arise are you suppressing them are you denying them are you vent are you expressing anger at people for something that they didn't really do or that triggered a memory in you that you're still angry about that happened when you were five what's the real reason behind that expression or that energy or that emotion what's the story that you're holding on to that's triggering that behavior and believe me uh in in my particular place in life. I am getting bombarded with [ __ ] that most of you have not dealt with yet. But you will someday right. Uh and.

I'm surrounded by people. I'm in a class of 30 of them today all clearing [ __ ] and shit's coming up and they're having all these energetic responses tomorrow. I'll be in a room with 120 people doing the same thing going even deeper into the weeds with this stuff this is what it means to be on a spiritual path of the path of alchemy you're always going to there's always going to be another level of stuff to clear another level of growth that you have to you have to deal with right. And you and how you're going to have to deal with them how you choose to deal with them is the choice right.

Some some people deal with it by denying it some people deal with it by repressing it some people deal with it by distracting themselves from it some people deal with it by taking it out on other people some people go in and try to find the root and break rip that [ __ ] out and clean them up and move forward they're all ways of dealing with those things what's your choice okay. So. I hope that answers the question uh in terms of. John.

Ker's predatory energetic self-defense. I. I'm not familiar with the gentleman. So.

I really can't comment. But if you send me a. I'm happy to check it out and when. I have time.

I'll. I'll. I'll post about it if. I think it's of value.

I'll recommend it if if. I don't. I'll not say anything right. Um.

Brian. Armstrong let see. Brian. Patterson how long you take for positive changes okay.

I got that uh. Patty says okay. On self-mastery supercharger. I'm asking recommending to those who need help.

But not interested in deep learning they well. First thing. I would do. Patty is.

I would. Point them at um like all the free videos on on the. YouTube channel that's why we put them out there you know one of the things you have to understand is that everybody body's going to have a different level of commitment to transformation and that's that's why we put out the free stuff we need to give people good solid material. So they can test it and see if it works for them and.

Then as they get deeper and deeper levels of result and they reach things that they can't um maybe deal with on their own or they need a higher level of training. Then they level up that's that was my. Approach when. I created the.

YouTube channel was to just show people what we do give people the opportunity to play with it and. Then have them decide when they're ready to come in uh to to to what we do. So yeah start with the free stuff. Then uh speed healing energy hypnosis is a great the.

Next step and. Then as they become more interested and confident or at least getting results. Then hopefully they'll be willing to invest more in themselves and and and take it deeper. So.

Anyway um brick. T says. David do you take advantage of. EG or and anything particularly interesting you find on thy.

I find a lot of things interesting uh in every aspect of the mystical. Arts um yes. I do take advantage of egregor um in fact all the lineages that. I pr.

I. I. I'm. I'm part of have very very powerful egregor the raiki systems that.

I teach are all aggregor um the the only problem with aggregor is they have rules right. Some some of the more like um some of these uh these lineages have really powerful. Guardians that if you break the rules you get punished. So um.

But anybody can create an egregor if you're just willing to put enough time and energy into it um in terms of thgy um give me some examples of of what you're talking about. So. I know we're on the same page um. Susan okay.

See here we've already got that let me see. Jeffrey. Layman. I've been practicing metap frames.

But need a little motivation what's the coolest experience you've had with meta frames like real world experiences okay. Jeffrey let's let's clarify that we're talking about the same thing what do you mean by a metaph frame right. What's what's your definition how are you using it what kind of experiences are we talking about uh the chosen one. I used to be able to flash my image cycle image fast and.

I think it would manifest it faster recently. I've been able to cycle them nearly as fast any advice to get it back to how it was yeah actually uh start with a transformational. Triad go back and if you started to slow it down ask your higher mind if your higher mind could send you a feeling a frequency of vibration or color that would accelerate the speed and maybe even exceed your former records and how you and how fast you could cycle what color colors might it send you. So clear up whatever is causing you to slow down and.

Then put in the new programming to speed it up okay. The other thing is. I would recommend is that you don't get hang up you you don't get hung up on how fast you cycle because some days you're gonna be like an. Olympic.

Athlete other days you're gonna be like. Homer [ __ ]. Simpson what's important is that you enjoy the process of cycling not how fast you do it now if you if you create the belief that without you know the faster. I cycle the faster it manifests that's approaching ritual say it has to be this faster it's not going to work right.

I would be very careful buying into that belief right. It may not be true okay. So test it play with it have fun with it right. You find yourself worrying about.

I'm not spinning it fast enough that's a distraction right. So. I would be very careful with that bot brand says nice great aggregor discussion good. I'm glad you guys like it.

So. Frank is saying question what is the best way structure to pray that would be most effective okay. Frank what are you what is it you're trying to accomplish what's the desired outcome of your prayer form follows function right. If there's something you want to achieve.

Then the way you pray will change right. Because most people look. At prayer as placing an order with. God right.

Say. God please give me this please do that for me please help this person and there's nothing wrong with that. But it's a very low level of prayer right. Rick.

T says bangston comes to mind when it comes to to. Connecting. People halfway around the world what does the energetic connection have to do with this if any. So let me see if.

I brick t bangston comes to mind when it comes to. Connecting. People halfway around the world what does energetic connection have to do with this if any um bill would call it resonant bonding physicist would call it quantum entanglement uh what is an energet. I don't.

I wouldn't call it an energetic con connection. I would call it a vibrational connection right. Because that's really what we're dealing with you know energy is actually when you're talking about energy you're really actually dealing with kind of like the middle manager of of of how the universe works what we're really dealing with is vibration right. And you know you can take the vibrational spectrum and you can distill it into five basic categories that all make up a human being heat light.

Sound electricity and magnetism right. And the subtler the vibration the more the less time bound it is. So this quantum entanglement takes place at the spaces between the spaces between the spaces. So.

Broody is asking how can one train their ability to better visualize objects in their. Mind's. Eye. I've been trying to slowly better this ability.

But. I can't get over the idea that all. I see is black when. I try thank you okay.

So there was a book. Put out many many years ago by a lady named. Shakti gain it was called creative visualization and it was a and a lot of it was just visualization exercises. So if you get.

BR. Bon's book. Or some of those books on the hermetics they'll talk about. First learn to imagine simple shapes just simple shapes and.

Then colors black and white right. Uh one of the things they might do is they might take an object for example right. And and have you stare at it or or or hold it up to a light and just stare at it stare at it stare at it and. Then close your eyes.

And you what'll happen a lot of times is you'll see like a negative image like if the object was white there'll be like a white background with a black image of the thing and you just hold that in your mind's eye until it it fades and you do that a few times and. Then you try to recreate it from your mind other thing you do is you take simple shapes right. And just hold it as as one dimension or two dimensions and. Then turn it and.

Then just change it in different colors right. Make it sharper make it full focused move it in move it out these are simple exercises you don't need to have very complex images to be effective what you need to be able to do is manipulate those images and that's where most people have the problem is because they don't they're trying to they're trying to do like. Rembrant or or you know um you know 4K video pictures or 4K graphics in their in their mind when they're only at when they should be dealing with simple geometric shapes and. Then manipulating shapes making them three dimension and.

Then practice moving perspectives and things like that. So those the idea is chunk it down make it simple right. And and the important thing to remember is you don't need and this is this is. I.

I can't stress this enough because. I deal with this one a lot you don't need crystal clear images to be effective in what you're doing you really don't fact a lot of times you can get really good results with what looks like basically a big muddle of different colors. But you know what each of those colors represents and you know where each what each piece is in those colors. But if you were to put it on on a screen or a piece of paper it would just look.

Like a a mass of mud. But you know what those things are. So again everything can be trained if you're willing to put the time energy and effort into it right. And that's.

But because people get. So hung up on the image side of thought that they they they let it they let it hold them back. So. I.

I really want to stress that you don't need you just got to know what it is you're looking at and if you can do that. Then you can be effective uh friend see here um. Patty. Pacifico yes.

I send them. First to your playlist always. I just wanted to be sure that there was the best lowest cost video to recommend for. PTSD anxiety issues.

Andor depression it's a good place to start you also might want to look. Into instant emergency pain relief uh and how to get rid of negative emotions in nine minutes or less those are really good examples of uh the use of the transformational. Triad and a lot of that is the same stuff as in energy hypnosis speed healing um. Broody says by the way much love.

David have been watching your videos for some time and you've definitely given me a lot of knowledge. So just wanted to say thanks and appreciate your time and your efforts thank you thank you broody. Cynthia what's going on physically when you are allergic to. Metals including stainless steel.

I can wear silver and gold in my hand and that's how. I can change it how can. I change it. I would start with the transformational.

Triad and go back to the time when it. First started to become a problem what was going on in your life right. And when was the very. First time you felt those feelings unpack and attack just like we do in any form of regression okay.

Ryan. Armstrong give me a thumbs up uh. Mr. Liam 303 says what do you think of.

Dr. Jordan. Peterson. I think the guy's brilliant uh.

I. I haven't really seen or heard anything he's he's espoused that. I've disagreed with um certainly. I have not seen or listened to everything.

So with that caveat um. I have a pretty high opinion of the guy overall um he may not have the same about me though. I'm not nearly as cerebral as he is um the chosen one says much appreciated it's. Snider thank you okay.

Brick t. I heard planetary magic and angels have to do with spiritual self and not something external can you expand on this topic probably. But. I'm not sure what the question is.

Brick can you ask a a more clear more specific question and maybe. I can give you some ideas on that um. Nathan says since old school game has been gone for a while now it's natural would it be crazy to start using the mystery method. I think it would be perfect.

I think. I think the the understanding of those techniques and that technology has died down. So significantly that it would people would be wide open again. I really think.

I really think a lot of the old school gaming stuff um is. Val is you'd have to change the medium and and modify for the mediums in which you deployed it. But. I think all that old school stuff is actually quite valid um.

Seth says. Patty fais you take out anybody's charge whatever you want to do it on people okay. Uh. The.

Chosen can. I use color breathing to remove the many beliefs and counter it with reframing sentence and turn it into probably probably um if you can if you can conceive of it name it and describe it you can probably do it my my my advice is test it test it on other people. Then test it on yourself quantify the results and. Then modify from there uh let's see here.

Stephen how would you personally go about using language patterns for self hypnosis to create an outcom or state that you want trying to figure out how to optimally use them best on myself okay. So. First thing. I would do is start with a start with what.

I want. I would create y information cause and effect structures and. Then. I would add in the different six or uh magnificent seven plus or minus two language patterns to each of those.

Yin information statements to make it even more presupposed. But. I would start with the comp the cause and effect complex equivalent structures that. I teach uh in the secret of human influence webinars and how to reprogram your subconscious mind and hidden.

Laws of. Attraction webinars uh primarily because once you have that cause and effect structure complex equivalent structure in place your brain automatically processes it like a belief. Anyway the minute you start adding the presuppositions in there the awareness and the adverb adjective and the um um well those are the big ones. But spatial those work all of those it makes it even more powerful okay.

Because your your brain loves descriptions and it can't resist it can't resist the cause and effect structure. So as long as you're using a cause and effect. Yin formation structure all you've got to do is make a list of 10 20 30 suggestions of what you want and how and reasons why and your brain will tend to grab onto them and and release a lot of its energetic stores because it bypasses all of your resistance remember the human nervous system never resists itself uh. Nathaniel says what do you mean by modify the mediums in which you deploy it regarding the old school game mystery method for example was primarily a club a club art it was they had.

Day game and stuff like that. But you were out in a in a club interacting with humans right. A lot more a lot more dating has got has gone even more online than it used to you're dealing with a lot more social media you're dealing with a lot more video screens. Alla zoom and things of that nature.

So if you're trying to if you're if you're still going out and doing live inperson face tace interactions and walk-ups and things like that. I think. I don't think you had to modify all that much. But if you're trying to do these things through chat or social media or you know.

Tinder or whatever the the apps are that people are using nowadays you're gonna have to modify for that for the way people use technology today um. So that's what. I mean by that. Scotch.

Kobe image cycling do you teach it on. YouTube no. No. Um.

I teach um the only time uh image cycling training is available through my. YouTube channel is to our paid members. So people are coming into the. Mastermind level um yeah um that's really.

Mastermind and. Diamond. Plus are are only places where you get access to me guiding you through the image cycling training if you want image cycling training join those levels and. Then ask those questions at the masterminds um you can get vibrational healing hidden.

Laws of. Attraction uh vibrational influence these all teach the image cycling process if you don't want to go that high ticket and you just want to focus on image cycling by it. Creator um the energy cure and. Hands-On healing by.

Dr. Bill bangston will teach you a form of image cycling that he developed and that. I modeled mine from mine is a little bit uh. I use a few more bells and whistles than he does um because.

I. I can use. I have my. NLP chops to to turn up the juice on the nervous system that adds more.

Mojo to the list. But. Bill. Bill system works amazingly well um.

So again it really depends on how deep down the manifestation. Rabbit. Hole you want to go bills. Bill's emphasis was never on the manifestation aspect of it right.

It was always image cycling was always a distraction to get your conscious mind out of the way. So the part of you that's in touch with spirit and and. Source could flow unimpeded through you and create healing the byproduct was that things on your list manifested. So again same idea different direction can we have a lot of healing trainings that we do.

But my my realization was that uh as a manifestation to on a manifestation engine the image cycling was really being underutilized and it was not known well enough um as a game changer for people let see. So. Frank is asking could you give an example of highlevel prayer selft talk to best align my energy with the physical world. I don't think.

I know how to properly talk to myself okay. So let's talk about what prayer really is now most people when they go to pray they're going and they're worshiping. God you know please bless me please bless. So and.

So again they're they're they're they're they're they're asking. God for something right. Um and there's a place for that. But highlevel prayer isn't about you high level prayer isn't even about.

God directly high level prayer is about surrendering yourself your ego your body your spirit to the. Divine and and saying to. God. I.

I. I just just be with me just let thy will be my will that my will be thy will right. And it's about completely surrendering yourself to that higher power and just letting go and dissolving into that that experience right. And.

So. But the idea is is to is to become a servant a tool of divine power and divine will right. And that's not something that a lot of us you know on a theoretical level we get it we're kind of okay. That's.

I can understand in the abstract. But what does that really mean right. Because most of us are imprisoned by the three big the three big desires of this realm. The.

Pursuit. Of. Money importance and power right. I'm not judging it because.

I'm about all three. But that what we're what we're really doing is we're trying to distinguish ourselves by having more money having more power having more importance when in the truth you were all powerful before you took. On a body you came here to experience limitation and work your way back and. So when you surrender yourself to that.

Divine part of you you're letting that infinite all powerful part work through you and accomplish things in this realm that you couldn't accomplish by yourself right. And that's for me that was a real mindfun um because. I'm all about self-actualization. I'm all about personal power.

I'm all about being powerful in this world right. And that's still true. But that that assumes that this world is all there is that there isn't anything higher than it right. And if there is things that are higher and everything.

I've discovered and everything. I've played with proves to me over and over again that there's more to life than just this this nuts and bolts thing. So what else if you know if. I can accomplish this with the level of connection that.

I have now what can be accomplished with a deeper level of connection and and that only comes by working on your [ __ ] and surrendering to the. Divine forces that put you here in the. First place right. And when that happens um your armoring your energetic protection go up your your ability to deal with things goes up it's just it's it's interesting.

I. I. I keep. I.

First really started discovering this in the clinic of all places when. I was doing my healing work when and people would come in you know and they put them in the trance and. I they they never saw me doing my my little hand gestures and things of that nature. But.

I would just bring that energy in and say okay. Use me right. Guide me and. I.

I knew there was something guiding me through those processes and miraculous things would happen and it always felt like you know people would tell me how brilliant. I was and. I'm like. I didn't do anything it's like.

I just. I got this download and. I did it and it worked because it wasn't. David at least the.

David that's talking to you now it wasn't that. David doing it it was the part of. David that is synonymous with with source and. So one of the hardest things to do is let go you've heard me say this before the hardest thing to do is allow because we're always trying to make something happen we're always trying to do something right.

When the truth in the. Chinese system they have this thing called. W way was doing by not doing and to to make that happen to allow that to happen you have to let go right. You have to be a vessel that can contain and and be have the fundamental skills.

But when you let go and you let that higher. Part of. Yourself flow through you. First of all it's a rush um.

I mean you. Bliss out right. But everything becomes effortless it's it's it's it's really interesting we had a we had a situation today we were learning. Thunder magic which is used for um in the clinic it's used for dispelling stagnation uh.

But it's also used for blasting evil spirits and blowing them out of people's bodies and stuff like that and one of the one of our my fellow students had a very very profound experience where she literally felt that. Divine energy come in and she was literally outside of herself watching watching. God. Shan be create this powerful healing experience with a partner and it was it was it was amazing because she couldn't talk about it without tearing up.

I mean it was it was a very profound experience and we all crave those moments we have this. God hunger we have this this inest this insensible desire in us to be more have more do more right. And we think we're looking for things we think we're looking for the partner we think we're looking for the perfect job we're looking for more money we're looking for more. Prestige or more significance in the world right.

That those are the illusions of this realm. But they're very powerful ones and. So that's what those are the solutions that. I give people right.

Pretty much every every question you have every um thing you guys want to know about is going to move. GNA allow you to become more powerful it's going to allow you to become more important in your to somebody or to yourself in the world to have more significance or it's going to cause you to be able to make more money right. And there's nothing wrong with those things. But there's more to this there's more to you than that right.

And. So the idea is by pursu when. I give you techniques. I'm answering the question the pressing question that you want to answer and.

I'm giving you foundations that move you up the pyramid towards that deeper level of. Truth your truth right. Through experience through nosis and. I don't know why.

I went off on this tangent. But somebody out there needed to hear it. So. I hope it's relevant because that sometimes.

God just comes down and. I just it just blurts out um. So. Anyway.

I hope. I answered the question because. I'm not sure what the hell it was a moment ago hey shomo good to see you brother. Stephen says thank you.

So much what are views on spiritual bypassing. NLP can copy and paste the state to solve an issue. But can it sometimes be a form of bypassing when is it type to really feel a feeling instead of using okay. So let me let me pull back the curtain there is absolutely nothing nothing in the.

NLP repertoire of principles and techniques that is anti-spiritual in fact what you'll discover is that when you look. At spiritual practices. Daoism. Buddhism uh.

Christian mystical. Traditions cabalistic. Traditions all of it becomes much clearer and more understandable through the lens of. M&P one of the things that that.

I see um over and over and over again is that where am. I going with this everything in a everything in spirituality is either technique or. Surrender right. When you are you know when you're calling in the like you're you're trying to dissolve the illusion like in the buddist systems where they have the home meditation where they actually blast um.

Illusions apart and matter apart to to get down to its component parts that's a technique everything you're doing in spiritual mystical practice is a technique the rest of it is surrender right. And. So there's no. There's no.

Such thing as bypassing using. NLP to bypass anything what it does do is it allows you to streamline and distill a technique that has been that is thousands of years old down to its fundamental mechanical attributes. So that you have a much cleaner much more consistent often faster technique okay. So to me.

NLP as it's evolved in at least in my world has been a lens and a filtering system that allows us to really drill down to what's important in any mystical tradition to get the results faster. But you're not bypassing anything you're just dealing with it in a much more efficient manner okay. Um hypnum. Ren says.

I missed the recent zoom meeting and didn't see the recording. I'm guessing there wasn't one which. Zoom meeting are we talking about. Hypno.

Not sure uh balot brand says that was great thanks. David. B. BR say was perfect.

Toth do says. David. K says awesome tangent thank you uh schlomo says. David.

I had many tough questions and brutal experiences. I'm dealing with. But you just answered all of them with the explanation of prayer again. I'm just a channel.

I can't believe. I just said that oh well. I guess. I can't bag on night mediums anymore huh all right.

Stacy. Smith says thank you thank you thank you all right. Finding peace official says thanks. So much keep up the amazing work uh scha says thank you love you love you back brother.

B at bran thank you for your donation thank you. I really appreciate the donations. I. I.

I've never asked anybody to donate and and it's it's it's trust me it. I love you all right. Um for those of you who didn't catch it um if you if you're enjoying the. Stream um if you could cast your vote over at.

Global gurus. org for yours truly to be the number one. NLP. Guru of uh 2023. I would really appreciate that um if you've gotten value from our.

Channel if the things we teach have helped you um show your support you know um again we're a family here and. I'd like to think you know repeat after me everyone we are not a cult go ahead type it in the chat we are not a cult we are not a cult right. With kudos to. M.

Mandell for letting me steal that right. Okay. So brick. T says hold on a.

Second okay. With spiritual bypass me not feeling your feelings many trauma teachers talk about embodiment and feeling all the feelings when is it time to just feel your feelings instead of using a technique okay. If you really want to get technical magic intentionally allow allwing yourself to feel the feelings is a technique now what happens many times is when people are letting those feelings come out they're in a rush to get through the process and. So they resort to other techniques to try and hurry it along.

So the idea is whatever you're feeling let the feelings come out it's a big piece and and. I think. I understand what you're saying now um there's a there's a timing element that your nervous system has to vent those emotional feelings the idea is when these feelings come up that you've triggered that you're you're purging from the body depending on what the technique is you have to surrender the process and just let those feelings come out. But that's technically a technique you may it may be a very loose technique.

But the idea is. I'm intentionally letting those and expressing those feelings. So anything you do with intention is a technique it may not have a structure. But it's a technique.

So. I'm. I'm getting a little neural linguistic aspery on that one. But uh let's see here.

So brick. T is asking how can one mask the level intensity of a girl's. First time experiences romantically as they tend to be stronger previous imprints from. Partners okay.

The problem with first-time experiences is their firsttime experiences. So what you can do is you can actually three magic question that person back to that experience step into that experience at level three questions and. Link it to yourself and. Then expand through language patterns and increase the intensity of it through suggestion okay.

Uh good be dick says good because it came from one right. Uh love back finding peace official says someone says you spoke to me. David. I'm flowing in tears because.

I was completely. Frozen and now you cracked open. My. Soul again.

Bravo my friend. Bravo hypn hypn says we are not a cult deck says or two. LOL. David.

Kamp says we are not a cult yay. Deb. NY says. David.

So glad to be able to catch you live happy th. Tuesday my friend. Happy. Tuesday.

I've got about minutes before. I have to go and be on yet another class in. Christian mysticism. U.

So. I'll go through the questions as fast as. I can if you guys enjoyed the live if you've got a lot of value out of it please like and share uh go out to. Global gurus and cast your votes for yours truly spread the word right.

Uh one of the things. I. I've dramatically noticed is that inevitably as as much as. I like to talk about picking up members of the you know getting dating and love and relationships and healing and energetics and all these things it seems that you know lie detection body language face reading these are all things.

I groove on there seems to be a trend a strong strong need and desire for people who want to venture into the energetic and spiritual and mystical. Realms and if that's things that people want to do um let me know here's the thing in the in the comment section following this video type in the the kind of content. ENT that you guys want me to produce because the more. I know about what it is you want to be able to do and what would you.

I'm going to be very very blatant with this right. Okay. This is almost mercenary what would you pay money for right. Because yes.

I. I. I. I have this altruistic as much as.

I. I don't like the word altruism there's a lot of. I'm. I'm.

I'm. I'm a business person right. And. So my my goal is.

I need to create things that you guys want and need right. So there there will always be levels to the things. I create. But the more.

I know about what it is you want what you're willing to pay for the more time and energy. I can put into those areas and create things for me. First if. I find them interesting and.

Then modify it for you. So the more you can help me with that the the more. I can. I can really narrow down and zero in on the things that are going to bring value to you if that makes any kind of sense right.

So um all right. Let me go through these really really quick uh. Laura says. Laura.

Thompson is there a manual for self-mastery yes. It's the identity by. Design manual if you need one reach out to. Moss 858 282 4663 and or.

Moss at. NLP power.com and uh and ask for the manual and as long as we can find your account. Then we'll we'll send you the manual um. Bri.

Brian armstr says we are not a cult you know what would be funny. I think it would be really funny um if everybody would take their like favorite video or their favorite. David. Meme and go to all their all their social media post their favorite meme and go we are not a cult across the bottom.

I. I you know. I probably get all kinds of push back. But.

I don't know it'd be interesting. I to see what happens see if you know we become the. Next. Scientology or something.

I don't know um hypnum says my handwriting has changed since my. Last breakup. So is that a good thing. Hypno.

Or a not. So good thing right. Um rck. T says thank you.

David you're improving at giving good answers and connecting with viewer rather than using extremely technical terms yeah. I. I try to get away from jargon as much as possible because. I think you lose connection with people the more you lapse in the jargon.

So. I like to use words that a. Third grader would understand right. First.

Last says. David you made a video on the seven most powerful. NLP words this included adverb adjective and awareness and temporal ordinal and more can you explain the temporal ordinal pattern with examples yes. I can unfortunately.

I don't have a lot of time. I can give you the pattern. But. Then.

I wouldn't have time to unpack it um. So. I'll tell you what in the comment section under this video retype that question and once. I'm off my class and.

I have some time. I'll type in some uh some examples for you that you can use or that that that will kind of explain it for you okay. Uh hypnum says fixing insecurity raise the. T.

Bar on your t's. So like if you're can't time to do it here. But if you're. So if this is if this is your.

T bar the bar of your. T and your te is down here that's low self-esteem the higher the bar on the te goes up the more your your self-esteem will raise. So if you get in the habit of making very. High.

T barss you still have to be on the stem if you're up here you become delusional. But down here uh if you do that for 90 days you make all of your t's with this higher. T. Bar your self-esteem will go up your self-image will go up as also the.

D's when you make your d-loops right. If you have a d for example right. Um let me see if. I can do this in a way that makes sense.

So um all right. So this is your. D right. Right.

The higher the the the loop the shorter the loop here the less you're bothered by uh the decisions of other people. So if you're going to use a graph therapy approach a shorter stem on your. D will increase your self-esteem as well. So higher.

T's lower. D's right. And that'll help you rewire self-esteem and um giving you a bit more resilience against criticism uh. But you got to do it for 90 days you have to be diligent with it uh thousands and thousands of times.

So. Lara. Thompson says use the magic frame preserve the lessons and let go of the hert okay. Sarah oh man all the questions flew at the.

Last minute um. So. Heather. P says wait a minute okay.

Mr. Liam 3 yes. Mr. CER followed you for over two years.

Liam. Stockholm. Sweden yay. Sweden.

I anything to learn hypnosis maybe. NLP. But. I'm in.

Sweden okay. We are going to start doing more hybrids. So in fact we have an. NLP certification coming up.

Alid. David in. May of 2024 if you want to learn. NLP and get certified virtually um sign up for that training.

I think it's available on our website it's called. NLP. Ultra it's my it's my. NLP curriculum combined with a lot of other behavioral stuff that.

I've learned from. Chase and for my own studies and face reading and things of that nature as well as some of the mystical trainings. So it's again it's. NLP plus you know the nobs approach get get the [ __ ] done um it's fun uh dealing with a partner that's stressed and gets triggered constantly by what by what you say when you don't mean it okay.

So is this person remember that if they're getting triggered by what you say it's not about you guarantee that everything you're doing is a landmine planted in their past by somebody else that they're reliving and projecting onto you. So they need to be the ones dealing with that stuff okay. Right. Unless you guys just don't you're just karmically opposed to each other 99% probability that's what's going on okay.

Um see here. So. David seems a little conflicting and tricky to access a girl's past and not muddy the present moment have okay. I'm.

I'm. I'm losing that question all right. Guys there's lots of questions here uh link to my website um sure uh. HTTP www.lpower.com uh go to events um.

Nathan. I don't know if. I'm gonna have another attraction. Mastery probably unlimited lover unless there's a really you know unless it's like probably not.

But anything's possible. I said. I was never going to certify people virtually and look. Where.

I'm at. So unlimited lover is a very popular program it's just anytime. I start to bridge into the. SE the realm of sexuality man people get.

So nuts about sex and uh and they get really triggered. So. I would love to teach those courses. But you know my my hashtag sensitivity you know getting hashtagged and people going crazy and going off the deep end with these things is it always it always it's a it's something we all need.

But there's. So much liability in it. I would love to teach it more often to people who actually want to learn it not just and. I would only do it with coet audiences um if all men are going to show up.

I don't want to teach it if all women are gonna show up. I don't want to teach it because. I think men and women need to un need to be able to talk about and experience these things in a safe envir where they can truly understand how the other gender works. So and.

I don't care what your sexual preference is. But we we need to create safe environments where people can discuss these types of of topics and explore them in a way that's that's healthy right. And until. I'm.

I'm confident that that can happen. I'm going to be very very. I'm. G to keep those things no.

Pun intended close to the vest right. You can get them through the video trainings um. But um you know. I'm not against it as long as the people show up and they follow the rules right.

Um isn't. IBD a prerequisite for. NLP. Ultra no.

Not anymore um link to your website. I think. I put that in there. Chase.

Chase use yes. David um. Brian. Armstrong.

I'm leaning towards how to use and read body language okay. I think that's a great study. I. I love body language.

I love face reading. I love anything to do with profiling and predicting you influencing human behavior it's my. First love thanks again for the stream have a good night and cheers from. Seattle um.

Cynthia says thank you for teaching for the sex teaching ethics uh the door number 17 says. David this is. Camille. I recently fell for this girl she's amazing and want to know what.

I can do to keep her find out her values find out her criteria and embody them right. Make every time you're with her the most romantic thrilling exciting satisfying experience she's ever had never let her think she she completely has you right. The moment they think they completely have you. Then you become predictable.

Then you become boring they lose respect for you and they're they're gone. So keep the fun keep the excitement find out embody all the things that she finds uh physically intellectually emotionally stimulating as long as they're in harmony with who you want to be who you are and every time you make love programmer for greater and greater levels of fulfillment and satisfaction and things will just get better okay. Scott jacobe says is the training plan at the end of 6mx or would you recommend a different method of learning that material um you know. Chase is probably the best expert on his approach to reading body language.

I found some tremendous value in in a bunch of the things in 6mx not all the things that he teaches um. I think are the bee's knees right. But blink rate shutter speed uh these two things. I find to be exceptionally valuable um.

So that's. I would definitely take those two right. Uh gestro hemispheric. Tendencies are are pretty useful um.

I have to look. More at it. But. I would start with the basics most of the people.

I've seen who've done again at the risk of sounding like. I'm toting my own horn the students who. I have seen do best in. Chase's world came through killer influence and.

I and. CPI training literally most of his top students were were in my. Silo one time right. Again.

I'm probably gonna piss some people off by saying that. But there's a some tremendous. Synergy between. Chase's systems and my systems um in fact if you have the.

CPI model everything he teaches becomes almost immediately accessible right. So there's tremendous tremendous amount of good stuff there if you have the platform to deliver it and he'll tell you the biggest the biggest factor in all the material he teaches is the operator can the person who's learning the material actually deploy the material and that's what. CPI and killer influence is about doing it's about getting this [ __ ] into you in a way that you can just riff and own whatever comes your way right. So um yes.

You can cancel the pide you can cancel any other memberships at any time there's no. Long-term contracts and anything soon as. You' figured you've gotten what you need and you feel this time to move on you can just cancel it and and again some people come in for a month some people have been there for five or six years oh. Jesus okay.

Okay. Um. I keep doing transformal try to get rid of a negative thought pattern. But it keeps coming back is there a way.

I can completely get rid of the negative thought you're gonna have to regress to cause. Joseph chances are if the if the thought keeps coming back there's something deeper it's connected to that you're not accessing okay. Chainsaw says. I need to hear that diving.

I needed that to hear that. Divine downloads. Last few years it feels like a fire hose blasting his energy downloads to the outside world you're nuts to the outside world do not yes. That's one of the things.

I love about about where. I'm at right. Now with the the energetic trainings and stuff like that and even plan of. David is you can you can be amongst your people you can be amongst people who you can talk about these things and and not feel like you're gonna get burned at the stake or be weird or ostracized or whatever okay.

Guys. I'm. I'm sorry. I have to go if.

I didn't get to your question please type it in the chat. I promise you tonight or tomorrow. I will. Circle back and.

I'll try to answer those questions if you haven't voted for. NLP. Guru or you need to go to our website htdp calling back www.lpower.com events or you can just cruise around the site we have a huge product store um if you have questions about products you can call 858 uh 282 4663 um. I love you guys.

I will talk to you very very soon. I am five minutes late for my class and. I hope they let me in love you guys take care.
