Title: 76XEsFkmhAs.txt
Video Id: 76XEsFkmhAs
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=76XEsFkmhAs

What. I'm going to do is before we get into the rest of the the the the the evening uh random questions or things people want to know about things people want to kind of okay. What if you're talking on the phone uhhuh how can you tell some when you're talking on the phone now what you got to look. For is you still you're still going to focus on non-verbal communication.

But now what you're going to look. You're going to focus on is you're going to focus on rate of speech in other words again this is assumes you've created a baseline yeah okay. If are you watching them or are you just this is over the phone over the phone over the phone. So you what you're going to have to really tune in now okay.

So we're going to look. At the speed at which they talk the volume the pitch and the [Music] tone okay. Couple of things when people get nervous do they slow down or speed up they speed up okay. By the way just isn't as side any deviation from their.

Norm is significant sometimes if somebody has has an elaborate lie that they've they've created and they want to maintain and they've rehearsed sometimes they won't speed up sometimes they'll slow down. But it'll become very polished it'll be a lot more prec seen okay. So it's not about the words. But the quality and the way that those words are communicated does that make sense.

So this will be by the way this is stuff you we those of us who are natural detectors these are the things that tip us off something's not right. A change in the speed change in the tone change in the pitch okay. Quick real quick question. So if like you don't have a baseline yet like say if you're a manager and you're.

Ing and you know you got maybe 30 minutes with that candidate. But you don't have the. Baseline yet. So.

Then ask him about something mundane something that has no. Emotional relevance whatsoever something you know like get you. Baseline yeah what's your. F you know what kind of car you drive how long you had it right.

Do you live in do you live in caral. Valley do you live you know p and calibrate it's like a lie detector beginning yeah best lie detector on the planet is the one sitting in your head yeah. I notic people like to do small talking for business people are subconsciously doing that or many times consciously what what what we are inherently trying to do as social creatures is we are unconsciously always seeking. Community we're always seeking connection and cooperation.

I wish we had more time cuz. I have some drills that would just by the way it's not psychological it's physics everything human beings do is an application of the physics principle of entrainment okay. There's a there's a video floating around. YouTube that demonstrates this dramatically better than anything.

I could tell you. But they took. 40 separate metronomes set them all moving at different speeds within 4 and a half minutes every single one of them synchronized. But it was a rock table wasn't a.

I don't. I didn't see any. Table. Rock table the table had was on.

Wheels okay. I didn't. So the wheels help not the one. I saw not the one.

I saw either yeah there's probably a bunch of them doing the same thing. But you can you can actually do this in fact in my influence courses we actually do that we actually entrain people's nervous systems and cause them to do weird stuff okay. Uh for those of you who want to you know research the neurophysics behind this there's a company out there called heart maath yeah they do a lot of great work with uh monitoring and measuring the heart for medical science and medical issues and things like that um they've discovered the principal entrainment even happens between a dog and his boy you know they take a dog and his boy they take him out into to out to play they have him hooked up to these machines and within 15 minutes their heartbeat synchronized okay. Train sorry who said that develop do that too yeah it's it's it's the way our universe works okay.

And here's you now getting a little bit metaphysical. But not too much that it you know kind of invalidates what we're saying the old mystery schools used to tell us. As. Above.

So. Below they called it the law of analogy basically what they said was that the. Universe follows patterns it follows cycles and that at different levels of reality the same patterns repeat if the reptile brain runs your body and your body physically entrains. Then your reptile brain starts to entrain.

Then your emotional brain starts to entrain. Then your rational lying brain start that's why you finish each other sentences by the way because your thought patterns tend to synchronize it's also one of the biggest influencers of your perception okay. It's a universal principle now we could take it into all different directions in. Fairly provable ways.

But again that's a different class yes. Entrainment. ENT t r a i n m n t e n t r a i n me. NT had to look.

Up and see it for a minute by the way that's one of the ways that you can tell if people are either remembering something or making it up when they look. Up and to their right. They're generally making something up that doesn't mean they're lying it just means they're creating a picture in their head if they look. Like to the left it's memory yes.

Sir. So when you have somebody in a hypnotic induction uhhuh let's say you're dealing with the more. Primal side of things right. So.

But listed underneath that reptilian you know kind of. Consciousness you're dealing with more of like social behaviors. So is there a possibility that somebody under hypnotic induction due to their social behavior with the hypnotist is lying yes. Lying hyp hypnosis and lying have nothing to do with each other if you um there's a myth when it comes to hypnosis that somebody in hypnosis can't tell the lie that's.

Li okay. If somebody's a great liar when they're not hypnotized they'll be a better liar when they are because because the part of them that doesn't make the distinction between what's true and not true isn't there anymore. So. So has anybody told you come to you hypnotize.

So. I could go. Al to my girlfriend [Laughter] no. And you'll never see this on a transcript.

I. I get really interesting cases in my clinic. I really do. I mean the average hypnotist gets weight loss smoke station by the way.

I have about 100% success rate with weight loss. I just don't get that many. I get like three a year right. I get.

I get people who's transplanted organs start talking to them start forcing memories you know like this person's a total health nut and they get this trans this this transplanted pancreas or spleen and they start craving pizza and beer you know. I get hysterical paralysis where where uh you know because of a a young girl social upbringing she got betrayed by some of her friends. But her upbringing said she wasn't allowed to express it that she was a bad person for having all these evil hat hateful hurtful thoughts and she wouldn't let herself express it. So her hand just stopped working one day and she went to the doctor she went to the neuros the neurosurgeon she went to the psychiatrist the faith healer sweet girl very sweet girl and you know all the while she was doing this over the months going to all these different.

Specialists you know she still had to go to school she still had a function. So she trained herself to write with the other hand. Then one day it stopped and nobody could figure out what the heck was going on. So they sent her to me because they couldn't find witch doctor in the dictionary one session both hands are working she's been fine ever since why because we have things in our life that we inherently resist and things in our life that we don't accept at some level and it's that fight between those two parts that causes most of our problems it's very similar to when we try to fight between what we know to be true and what we're trying to convince the rest of the world is the truth most of what.

I do clinically is getting those parts talking communicating expressing the things that have been held back expressing the things that you don't realize are driving your. Behavior ladies and gentlemen. I know every one of you here is extremely intelligent very honest upstanding fine people okay. I know that because you have great taste in coming out tonight how could that not be.

But. I also know that each and every one of you have things in your life that you're still. Den the things that piss you off to this day that happened when you were 5 years old when you think about it you get fraking enraged or upset or scared those are the things that are driving your behaviors they're the ones driving the bus as much as we would anybody here know who emu. Phillips is by the way he was a famous relatively famous comedian kind of came and went oh yeah kind of like that odor in the enclosed space.

But. But he used to have this really cool bit he used to do he used to say you know. I used to think that the brain was the most amazing organism on in the human body and. Then.

I thought who's telling me that right. That's literally. Our. Lives guys we're monkeys who learn to think your your your neocortex that that superficial level of your brain is the least informed and the.

Last to know okay. It it just is except it because until you accept it you can't transcend it you can't you can rationalize all you want at the end of the day you'll still be 50 pounds heavier and not know why okay. You can lot. But that's really what it comes down to we lie to ourselves all the time is the is the word denial living in deny yeah we deny we refuse to accept okay.

Why because somebody in power somewhere told us what we were thinking and feeling at some level in some context was in appropriate and we believed them whether they right. Or wrong. I have lifelong anger issues guys. I'll be honest with you at that don't piss me off.

But the truth of the matter is is a lot of the things. I'm. I think. I'm angry about when.

I do my self work they're never the thing that's triggering the anger it's always something much earlier much more. Primal there's that word. Primal okay. I'm going to get back into the light detection.

But to finish uh doing this over the phone you must again don't get sucked into the story if you start paying attention to all the things in the story that are true let me tell you something that's the fastest way. I can put the whammy on you okay. I teach conversational hypnosis. I te conversational persuasion and influence and all.

I have to do is tell you things that you can't deny and you will believe whatever. I tell you when. I put things in that aren't true because it's how you're hardwired it's called stacking realities what you want to do when you're looking for liars is you want to do the inverse you want to focus on everything that doesn't add up and only on that and you've got to be like a pitbull okay. You've got to stick with the data regardless of your feelings about it you don't judge it in other words you don't say this guy's a lying and.

I'm going to prove he ly this is what doesn't fit when enough cues build up now you have a pretty good idea whether somebody's being deceptive they're just stressed out okay. So does the rate of speech speed up or slow down does the volume speed increase or decrease pitch do they get they start to talk like this they sound like. Chipmunks right. I didn't do it right.

Did they go. I did not have sex with that woman or do they go. I did not have sex with that woman especially not that one. But.

Anyway tone do they get aggressive now is there a change in their tonality you know do they get angry do they get afraid is there a fearful tone these are the things that are going to tell you what's really going on and like. I said before they're the things that you will unconsciously pay attention to. First they're the things that will set up especially for the ladies ladies are are natural detectors okay. And it's not because they're smarter although they'd like to think.

So it's because of their socialization they actually use more of their brain than us guys do we're very direct thinkers most of the time. But because of their socialization yes. Ma'am. But we are told that men think entirely differently us and we're taught to.

St and guess every intuition that we have because oh they're completely they say they they're different you and me you know they have to try to understand their limitations and again we see a person's values interrupting on the group. But you're actually right. We do think differently. But not the way you [Laughter] think.

I'll give you a okay. I'll give you guys a little bit of a sidebar the eyes. Are really putting in some great stuff here in in the hypnosis courses the conversational persuasion of influence classes that. I teach.

I teach this concept of this this series of or body of techniques called language patterns language patterns are unique structures that come out in the way we speak that are direct mirrors of our thought processes one of the most fundamental language patterns that we have is called cause and effect cause and effect is literally the language of belief okay. Using cause and effect. I can take any two unrelated items give them a cause relationship and. Then using uh another pattern called complex equivalence.

I can make it mean anything. I wanted to and your brain will do somersaults trying to make it work regardless of how ridiculous the the the examples are. Give an example okay. Ask for it many times when.

I talk to people like. I let them know a very cool physics principle that just the color of the walls of this room can actually cause your weight to go up and down most people don't realize it. But you know light waves are in motion and we all know that things that are in motion tend to create more mass as they move true or not true true okay. And the faster things go the harder they impact our body and it causes us to begin to move at different rates and as we begin to move those different rates we start to weigh differently depending on how much photons are impacting us at any given moment what the did he just say right.

And. I'm using rid here's the thing. I'm using ridic ulous examples true not true. But there are enough truisms in there we all know that lights that photons move they impact us that things that move tend to take on more mass because.

I used the cause and effect language pattern your brain did somersaults trying to come up with a rational for why it's plausible why it could be true where is he coming from what does he mean what true not true. I'm smarter than that no. You're not. I knew you would say that [Laughter] shits for.

I know he does. I know. I know it's okay. I mean.

I'm. I'm not going to say that it's true like you know you're going to start weighing 10 pounds more. But we have no. Way of detecting whether you don't weigh just a little bit more.

So. So it already work thank you. So much for coming today no. But you're right.

He's absolutely cuz he know cuz here's the point he has a very academ he's very very grounded in. The. Sciences. I would imagine true or not no.

What do you what do you do. I'm an artist oh really wow he's a smart guy. I like him yeah that was my. Second my point is my point is is that is it plausible yeah and that's what he's going to it doesn't have to be capital.

L logical it just has to be plausible yeah just enough to confus them here's my point here's my point. I was deliberately. First of all. I stood up in front of a room full of people challenged them and.

Then used deliberate. M you know ridiculous sayings and metaphors and examples. But. I just linked them using one hypnotic language pattern and look.

What the effect was what happens when. I start using things that are in fact true that you can verify that aren't. So diametrically opposed outside of the field of possibility and. I link them to things you already know are true yes.

You also started talking a lot quicker yes. I did more animated yes. I did because it's hard to not riff at this stuff it's just too much fun. But the point is is that when.

I start utilizing hypnotic language okay. Which only honest people should know. But it don't your ability to analyze parse and dissect information drops you lose the capacity hey. First of all you can't keep up with the rate and speed at which.

I'm hitting you with hypnotic language to to find bits and pieces of data without all the other things you're not focusing on going in the back door okay. Your conscious mind gets overwhelmed how many of you notice that even though. I talk really fast it was still kind of fun to listen to. I think you.

Mumble too much. I mum too much yeah. But it was like wasn't there kind of a and. I again.

I laid it on heavy because. I wanted you to physically feel the difference how many you notice a little bit of a pressure behind their forehead that's tension building up as you struggle to process the language. I'm using in in real applications. I wouldn't do it nearly that heavy okay.

But. I'm doing it to prove a point yes. Um another another way of thinking about it maybe could be you were doing some form of distraction at the same time among midst your. I call it pattern you were injecting what you want to inject into the subconscious while you were distracting this conscious one huh by the way how here's another thing here's here's the other thing okay.

Aside from the speed with which. I said things how much of what. I actually said can you remember can you. I.

I challenge anybody to remember more than a few sentences if that understand the idea wall one of one of the one of the side effects of using these kinds of language patterns artfully is spontaneous. Amnesia you get the message. But you forget you lose the verbiage yes. I was going to say that in your story you used a lot of um physical imageries like colors like oh warm colors or cool colors and we're busy thinking about about visualizing like the creativeness of it the big picture rather than making the connections of what you said mhm you get lost in the story yeah oh there's that thing again getting lost in the story right.

Now again we kind of took. A diverge off into left field right. But the point is is that when we when we start to parse this language by the way how many people ever read a romance novel okay. Roman how many people who love mysteries anybody love mysteries do you know the most writer on the planet is.

Agatha. Christie there are whole societies devoted to studying what she's written to figure out how the hell she created. Pros. So powerful okay.

It's language patterns like this they're laced all good writing all music okay. All theater all good theater all form of pleasurable rewarding absorptive creating human interaction is laced with these kinds of patterns in order for you to find the. LIE you got to turn that part off you got to look. For the things that don't fit because you're predisposed neurologically to try and make things fit that make sense okay.

Okay. So go back going back to the 15. I'm gonna have to move really fast here um again some of these we've already covered by in a rather more secuest route um extreme overreaction if they just get in your face get indignant they're lying more often than not or they'll do something like. I can't believe you even ask me that oh nobody's ever said that to you right.

Or. I've worked here 20 years. I no. One would.

I would never do something like that and jeopardize my pension that's called a lie of influence by the way they didn't just say no. I didn't do it they said. I've worked here for 20 years my reputation is impeccable of course. I didn't do it of course.

I didn't do it was optional. But this is again this is where we'll start getting into deflection this is where people will start to deviate from the actual question that you ask them and start to attack or answer something else. I have some examples. But.

I want to get through these real quick um okay. I covered the men cheating example. So that's another one okay. Behavioral pause or delay once again if their level if the rate and speed at which they respond changes abruptly the pauses get longer or shorter pay note that's little little flag in your box okay.

Um head nod versus words we've covered that hey. I'm doing pretty good yeah um hiding their mouth or eyes. This time every now and. Then they're eating is probably different right.

Every now you see somebody's a lot of people are taught that when they're going to pick their teeth they cover their mouth and and do this. But if if you're talking to somebody and as you're they're approaching a question that's emotionally volatile and all of a sudden they cover their mouth or they cover their eyes. Like what do me think about that what are they doing they're blocking right. They're they're they're hiding something un they're unconsciously they're trying to hide.

So they're hiding it behind a gesture now remember each of these by themselves is not mean they're lying. But you start getting them in twos and threes now we want to start to get a little bit more investigative right. I could call call these just your passive you know looking both ways before crossing the street kind of things you just do it and. Then when they all of a sudden something doesn't quite match now we know to go a little bit deeper um look.

For body tilt or body orientation this isn't actually on their um this actually isn't on on the. Hansen 15. But this is something that's kind of interesting one of the things we talked about earlier is that when people are are lying or about to lie they're going to find a way to distance themselves. So a lot of times their torso orientation will change um there's this thing called.

Anchor. Point rotation uh which basically means when you're when you're sitting what what's you know what's supporting you is your your hips your shoulders your arms if all of a sudden you ask him a question and there's a very large body shift of the anchor points that's something to pay attention to. I don't have a chair can. I can.

I and can. I have that chair. I'll use this one when you're can you all see. I'll.

Stand in the middle one of the things is. So a lot of times the one of the big ones is called the triple cross. So somebody you know ask me a question and. I feel defensive and and maybe.

I'm in a very open very okay. Posture and. Then all of a sudden you see this right. And it looks like.

I'm in deep thought right. No. I just guarded my groin my chest my face okay. I might you might as well hold up a sign and said this man is lying to you right.

If you see them move from this position and shift away they creating distance sometimes it'll be even less obvious the feet a lot of times pay attention to when you when you're looking at anchor points from the waist down in a seated position sometimes um it'll be the hips the knees and what and even the the the limb that isn't rooted roed it's the part that isn't rooted that will start to give away the most the most indicators of remember these are all stress indicators. So if you see that. I'm kind of sitting here holding hanging out being my own guy you you asked me a question about you know the blonde. I was playing with the other day and.

I go what are you talking about right. Or maybe. I'm doing this and. Then all of a sudden.

I just what do you mean see how subtle. So we've got to we've really can you guys see what. I just did no. All right.

I'll just. I'll just do yoga for everybody. So. I'm up here right.

Hopefully if you hear a tearing sound you know what just happened. So. I'm here right. And she asked me what.

I was doing with that blonde and my foot's kind of going like this. I go what do you mean and. I just hold my foot still or what's that or maybe what. I don't again.

I can't really do. But they actually hold their foot still with their other foot. So maybe in a profile you'll see this maybe they're like this and and they just that foot's kind of bounc and they just kind of lock it down okay. These are the things that that are the most likely ones you'll catch if you had a place or in a position where you can look.

At them because they're the things we consciously when when when. I'm talking with this young lady she's looking at my eyes. She's listen to my voice she's watching my facial cues okay. She's not paying attention to where my feet are pointing where my shoulders are pointing consciously does that make sense yes.

Okay. I have a question. So a very simplified version of what. I heard is that.

So correct me number one was basically if they freeze that's bad and. I know this is really simplifying it. But. Then the.

Last one was if they move that's bad. So what is the okay. Thing for them to do. Then if they keep doing what they and.

I know it's me like. I'm just. Notting you here when we talked about. Baseline mhm okay.

Remember we have to know what is their. Baseline. Behavior what do they normally naturally do without that information we can't calibrate all we can calibrate is that there's been some change somewhere. But we don't know what it means.

So we have to know if. I'm talking and. I and the. First thing.

I do when. I'm going to talk is. I. I kind of hang out right.

Right. So by the way this is actually an alpha male pos position okay. If you want to feel more. Alpha sit this way even if you're female.

However. However yeah. I'm taking up space. I'm expanding laterally as well as it more or less yeah right.

You know um you'll see people who are are very shy or who are are basically betas they'll take up as little room as possible they won't they won't move beyond their borders or their boundaries now contextually if you're in a situation where you have to dress somebody down and they hate you or they have no. Respect for you you'll see them do this it's an inappropriate dominant signal it's the you signal it's a show of disrespect it's a show of rebellion if contextually it's inappropriate you see the guys who are too cool for school doing this all the time right. The. AL you know the jocks the alphas are you know they're kind of you know right.

Here and. Then. Fonzi comes in you know the. Rebel.

Without a clue and he goes hey hey. Prince how you doing and he's basically saying you with his body language okay. Why he's assuming an alpha male position in a situation where he's not the alpha okay. And that's usually when the principal lowers the boom right.

So these are things again people reading 101 a lot of times there'll be things like there's a story that uh. Paul emman tells there's this thing we in body language we call emblems emblems are body language symbols that are culturally specific. But they can take the place of words. So in this culture if.

I wave my driving finger at you you know what that means right. Two words come to mind right. It's a it's a it's a a gesture that has a specific wording attached to it that we culturally know what that means now you go to a different country like. Germany or.

I think is this is this. I know in. England it's probably the same. But in certain countries this does not mean what it means here in ger means the same in.

J means yeah. I think we covered that before right. Right. But when you guys saw us saw that movie in glorious bastards right.

Oh go read it because go see it there's a great there's a great scene where uh the bastards are trying to fool one of these. German. Gestapo guys into thinking that one of the guys in the group is a fellow. German and.

So they start talking about numbers and the. First and you can tell me if this is true or not true. But it's just a great example is the guy asks him how many times somebody did something the number was three right. And the guy who's pretending to be.

German goes three and they don't do it that way in. Germany serving drinks right. Okay. And and in.

Germany what do they do how do they single three busted that's an emblem it's a culturally specific uh gesture in place of a word now sometimes they slip out unconsciously one of the ones that the stories that. Paul. Eckman tells is when he was vetting some people for a an experiment he had a young lady. I'll just do this here he had a young lady sitting in a chair and he was videotaping all these things.

But in this particular vent case he had to be very aggressive he'd be very hostile and dressed down dressed down the lady and. So all the while she's politely answering the questions and all the while he's she's answering his questions her hand is assuming an really interesting position kind of like mine is can you see. I'm trying to it's here. I'll turn it up for [Laughter] you okay.

These things can sometimes sneak out unconsciously we call that leakage yes. See that of the politicians oh yeah oh yeah remember remember the most unnatural thing that humans do in in the world according to. David is withhold or or um refuse to express emotion that's a very unnatural thing for us to do because emotions are stress and we're designed to process stress not hold on to it and the yes. So if you're a liar yes.

If. I was a liar and you want to lie to your girlfriend or whatever uhuh seems to me the most important thing is to not give him a baseline right. Yep. So the the way to do it is like in game theory is that every.

So often you throw in a curve here's an artist who studies. Game. Theory. I mean like.

So like they don't know what the. Baseline is because like once in a while he crosses leg and sometimes he talk a high that's how you scrip a lie detector you guys know that right. Behavior yeah well again by the way most people suck at catching lies even the trained professionals suck at catching lies very rarely does anybody get above a 29% in terms of their bre for lying okay. But these are things that we can begin to pay attention to there's a whole lot of power and influence to be had in the world by understanding our non-verbal reality the way we process things okay.

Um. I have some things how many how many people got some good stuff tonight raise your hands okay. Cool how many people would like to learn more all right. Um it is past the witching hour some of you have to go home or turn into pumpkins.

So we've got a a couple of things coming up by the way we're going to make this video available uh for a limited time on my blog it's uh npower.com we'll also put it on uh my covert hypnosis blog. So you guys can watch tune in and watch it again um we got a couple of things coming up that uh are really kind of fun how close to 15 did we get um actually we got most of it actually think we got more than 15 you got 10. I got to give you more oh. I.

I. I covered a lot more than 15 cuz. I. I.

I condensed a lot of them. But the. Anchor. Point movement is.

I'm looking for big stuff yeah we want to see big things. First because if you can't spot the big ones you aren't going to find the little ones. So look. For body orientations look.

For large. Global changes look. For when they block you look. For when their tone speeds up their volume raises how about sweating sweating can sweating is a sign of stress not necessarily deception right.

The nervous laugh right. The nervous laugh yes. Very much. So oh also nonwords when you hear them stutter uh when you hear them start to go uh uh and there's an increase in how they normally do that indication that uh they could be lying yes.

Did. I hear you say that to mess up a lie detector just cross your leg no. No. No.

To mess up a lie detector you you you you distort their. Baseline you distort their. Baseline one of the thing one of the most common ones is actually to put a tack in your shoe and every every question they ask you you just. Jack your your your heel.

I'm not saying you can do it with hypnosis too uh some other things if they start bringing. God into it call your lawyer no. It's really. I swear by.

Allah. I swear on a stack of. Bibles they start bringing. God into it my.

Kines interviewed an interrogation teacher. First thing out of his mouth minute they bring. God into it they're probably lying to you. I swear on my family not quite.

So much. But yeah pretty much in the same category because what they're it's called dressing the line they're starting they're trying to to give you the the affir the perception that they're as unimpeachable as they. Almighty that because they believe how could you possibly question right. Hitler did the same thing there was a uh back when.

I was studying this stuff he he had a saying he had a slogan that he taught the population and. I don't think he came up with it. But he had some pretty pretty smart people wielding public opinion he used to say to serve. Hitler is to serve.

Germany to serve. Germany is to serve. God makes sense to me right. Right.

When you go to a a a religious ceremony especially like. Orthodox. Catholic which. I'm recovering from you walk into the cathedral right.

And you're walking. I'll do this. So we're walking down the pews right. And there's pews on either side and there's this big stained glass something that represents the almighty who in relation is really fraking big and the.

Arbiter of whether we go into heaven or not right. So we're walking and there's this altar right. Between me and. God and who stands behind the altar the priest what's the subliminal message how do you get to.

God right. It's all going on right. In front of you exact why politicians stand in front of the flag welcome to the. Matrix that's really what we call it yes.

Yes. Any comments on a more current personality name is. Chris. Christie.

Chris who. Chris. Christie govern you know. I haven't.

I haven't followed it. But if. I go and look. At the videos.

I could pretty much tell you some nasty look. There's a lot of people who are that get paid a lot of money to deceive you there's a people who get paid a lot of money to influence you without you even realizing it and if all you do yeah if all you do not even advertising. But it's in advertising if all you do is go through the world and focus on the words you hear 99% of what's driving your behaviors is outside of your control. But once you become progressively more aware now you gain control and a tool that you can use to get everything you want in life starts with learning how to tell people are and you're not that's a good skill to have yeah techniques you've been describing app when believe their own they yeah again the longer they've had to prepare the lie and practice the.

LIE the harder it is to detect they won't give youal not as much not as much in order for them to to for their story to start to fall apart you have to go back and reinjected into the system remember the more stress you inject into the system the less control you have over your your body it's just that simple if you yes. Why would you want to be because sometimes you're wrong because sometimes you misread the signals sometimes even though this person is lying to you they control something in your life that you that you need them for calling your boss a dirty liar probably not a smart career move right. You have to use wisdom with some of this if there's if if there's somebody in your life that you feel is doing you wrong and you know you're better off without them and you're okay. Walking away from that relationship or decisively changing the.

Dynamics of that relationship go for it. I'm not saying don't. I'm saying think about what you do because remember people will always forget what you said. But they will never forget how you made them feel okay.

Yes. Um maybe. But how do you some of these things you know you said they could be like a person's nervous and all these other things um. So how do you end up telling once you recognize these how do you know if maybe they're just nervous if they're just having some other emotional issue or if it's actually does it change when you ask about something that's not threatening if they're nervous in general their behavior shouldn't change all that much.

So like like the the example gave when you person's coming for a job interview and they're nervous rather than asking them questions about the job that they're trying to get that they're hoping for your approval that they the the ramifications of not getting it are stressing them out ask them about something that's not threatening and see what happens well let me. I didn't want to. I wasn't going to give an example. But let me give an example uh there was a time for example when.

I had a job and uh the person that. I worked for asked me if. I like sign five minutes. Later or something or earlier and.

I didn't. But. I was. So mad that.

I was even accused of this because it turned out to be like a dollar's difference or something. I. So offended by this. But.

So many things that. I demonstrated you just described as you know typical of liars now. I'm thinking oh my gosh this is like years ago. But.

I'm thinking oh my gosh they just probably totally thought. I was lying because. I did. I really.

I was. So offended that's what got my response that. I was offended that somebody even yeah. So.

I really did overreact all this stuff. But it wasn't that. I was lying in that case were you hear when. I talked about a fellow's flaw mhm you just saw it right.

She got upset she got offended she gave all the cues that would trigger somebody who's got a guilty conscience trying to cover it up was she lying no. Be careful who you accuse right. Now. I'm this was a job that you had right.

So they knew something about your behavior yeah and. I yeah. I was always known for being you know pretty honest um okay. But.

I was just mad. So. I would just go late to work instead of sh again. But what did we see we saw a strong emotional response that's out of the ordinary right.

Doesn't always mean they're lying that's why you got to be careful yes. Can yeah we got to hand out some we have some papers to hand out ladies can you start handing them out what we've got going on. I'll answer questions afterwards okay. So um.

April 22nd through the 26th this is probably not for most people here. But for those of you you who really want to jump down this persuasion and influence. Rabbit. Hole learn the secrets of non-verbal communication how to weave those language patterns like.

I was showing you how to connect with people and create instant chemistry and connection in any situation or circumstance we have what. I call my con my. CPI conversational hypnosis master class it's a 4-day training 5-day training. I'm sorry 5-day training.

April 26 or 22nd through the 26th it's going to be here and from 9:00 a to about 6: p.m. I will drill you on a complete system of persuasion and influence which includes body language. Rapport skills hypnotic language patterns that turn everything you say into a practically irresistible compelling hypnotic induction just makes you very very fascinating okay. How to tap into people's emotions in a way that they want to do what you want them to do ethically and honestly that's everything we're the good.

Jedi by the way okay. There's people out there using this to hack the system um normally to walk into that is 1997 okay. If anybody wants to jump on that uh. I'm.

GNA give. I'm giving a $500 fast. Action discount you can get the whole 5-day training with the certification for 1497 now not everybody wants to get certified in uh conversation hypnosis. I had this.

Epiphany not too long ago that not everybody who comes to my. Meetup actually wants to be a hypnotist what's up with that and. I realize that they fall into one of sever categories there are people who want to be able to do this with or for other people there are people who want to do things for themselves who want to be self-sufficient who want to learn the techniques take them home chew on them and and kind of do it their own way and. Then there's people who want done for them right.

They don't want they don't want to lose weight on their own they want somebody to help them lose weight they don't want to you know do months and months of trial and how to how to attract people and be honest and and do things they want somebody to walk them through it and help them kind of install it right. So we got is what. I call the on-ramp um on on. March 29th 29th and 30th.

I'm doing a very special two-day intensive this is for people who liked what you got here tonight who want to go even deeper and not just go into how to read people. But how to use it to influence people this is all about non-verbal influence and basically speedreading anybody you meet in any situation or circumstance it's called people reading for. Fun and. Profit okay.

And. I will teach you things about information that people are giving you constantly that they will literally and figuratively tell you every single thing you need to know to influence them to do what you want them to do or at least know what to do and predict what they're going to do okay. I don't have one of those cool papers. So thank you.

So normally um for that people reading by the way we're also going to cover handwriting analysis uh we're going to cover what what. NP likes to call. Meta programs uh these are filters that people have in place that automatically tell you how they sort reality. So that when you present information to them you present it in the way that they naturally are predisposed to like it it's pretty cool um also very good for smoothing out relationships by the way um and you can read everything that's on here it's it's pretty we're going to talk about body language how to influence people how to no.

Longer feel powerless how to use your own body language to change your emotional state into anything you want to drop of a hat you ever walk into a situation and you just feel completely overwhelmed what if you could just shift one or two things and in two minutes be somebody else we'll show you how to do it scientifically they've proven that if you do what. I'm going to teach you in this training you can amplify how much testosterone you produce by as much as 25% in 2 minutes okay. That's a good thing especially in this day and age okay. Um for that training.

March 27 29th and 30th it's regularly 497 for those of you who want to jump into that today. I've only got like 20 seats. I think for that. I'm going to let you all in today for 197 two full days one-on-one with me and.

I'm going to walk you through. Secret about body language interpretation and how to use it that'll make you like. James. Bond or.

Janet. Bond or or whatever that every day 9 to six it's 9 to six yes. Okay. And again this is again this is a very practical application specific class.

I'm not going to. I don't waste my time on low percentage techniques. I'm only going to teach you stuff that. I've used proven as scientific backing behind it as well as real world applications for those.

So. I highly recommend as many people jump into that as you you can um let me bring up two of my my very very wonderful helpers today and uh where we can find the video. I. I'll put the.

I'll put the. URL for you. I'll also send it out through the. Meetup boards with the.

URL you can go right. To it okay. Uh let me have. Don and candy come on up here for give these two a big round of applause they're my support today they're the ones that that have been been signaling signaling me fervently since 9:00 to say right.

And of course. I like to talk. So here. I am this is my lovely wife.

Don and the reason and the reason that that she is my wife is because she is in fact a better hypnotist than. I am okay. Don is going to be helping you anybody who wants to get in on the people reading for. Fun and.

Profit course she's going to be handling that just fill it out uh see. Dawn she'll take your papers don't leave them laying around okay. I'll be hanging out to answer any questions you have. But for those of you who just have some stuff you you don't want to be in a group or whatever we have a very special gift for everybody here tonight everybody here is entitled to come and spend 1 half hour with me at my clinic.

I'll do a personal consultation with you we'll discuss the areas of your life you want to work on and what the best route is for you to get what you want and why you came here if you want to go into more lie detection stuff fine you want to learn if you got aches pain stresses uh that you want to get rid of. I'll show you how to get you know. I don't promise to fix your problem. But.

I'll show you how to get there you know where to go and what to do also if you have relationship stuff you want to work on you have health problems um we have an unprecedented recovery rate with things like acute and chronic pain physical or emotional we can nuke most physical pain in under two minutes okay. And. I. I could go into all the different reasons.

But. Anyway my gift to you guys for coming out for putting up with the hard chairs my colorful metaphors my picking on you is is is my way of saying thank you for coming out. U. But you do have to to book.

Your your console it's free there's no. Charge it normally it's $350 to walk in my door okay. But if you guys want to come and hang out and and and go through some things and and find out if we if what we do is a fit for you see candy she'll get you set up and uh we'll get you on the schedule and you guys will come in for 30 minutes. I'm.

Yours where are you our our. Clinic's in salana. Beach. I used to do things here.

But the scheduling was. So erratic it just was better just bring we just opened a brand new facility too we just expanded we added three new treatment have a beautiful. Sund deck we're thinking about having the whole office catered. But you know.

Anyway. So everybody have a good time all right. Thank you.
