Title: Super Surprise Mystery Meetup AMA
File Name: xHowiY2C-Vw.txt
Video Id: xHowiY2C-Vw
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xHowiY2C-Vw

Whoops hello hello my friends welcome to my super surprise mystery. Meetup. AMA this is. Dr.

David talking at you from. Zoom to. YouTube with my little fancy background if. YouTube would actually let me do virtual backgrounds.

I would not have to use zoom all the time. But hey that's just the way it is. So creative. Raven hello to you too good to see you welcome to my little surprise mystery me get together uh.

I don't know how long. I'm going to be on because the kids are downstairs doing homework we'll see how long that actually lasts there's. Paul. Bothwell checking in hey.

Paul how you doing all right. Well while you got me how's everybody doing what do you got to be. I'm curious what are you checking in from and thought for the day what have you got to be grateful for today is the clothes on your back the fuel in your tank what what uh what what's good in your life right. Now just you know we always talk about you know we're always talking about problems and how to fix things and and how to uh make things better.

But how often do we actually stop and think about all the good things that we already have to your neurology kind of plays tricks with us because it's always focused on the negative stuff remember one point you know one negative thing has four as a has a gravity of four and one positive thing has a gravity of one. So we're always kind of focusing on what's wrong with us or what's wrong with our life or or what we're not getting enough of or you know we're always focused on what we're not getting sometimes we need to just stop and and be grateful for the air in our lungs you know or um you know the the opportunities that we do have instead of the ones that we don't have you know um. I had experiences recently where. I was really forced to kind of confront what would happen if it all went away like in in.

I mean there's just my screen here a little bit and. So maybe maybe. I'm a little sensitive right. Now to that idea.

But. I think it's something that we need to understand the power of gratitude and of perspective because perspective allows us to feel gratitude about more things and more gratitude that we feel the more healing our body and our minds can do gratitude is one of the most powerful emotions energetically as well as you know psychologically that we can play with and. So it's a really it seems like such a simple thing. But.

I don't know how have you guys ever have you guys ever heard me talk about my um what was it called. My. Oh. My.

Success book. Have you guys ever heard me talk about that um some of you have some of you haven't if you have typed it in the chat if you haven't. I'll tell you about it and. I'll tell you why why.

I think that it's important and relevant to today let's see here okay. So just quick shout outs to. IV bolts uh we got creative. Raven she was one of the.

First ones on. Stephen. Wright. From.

England. Laura. Thompson. KW um anybody else joining us state your name where you come where you're checking in from now what do you have to be grateful for today right.

No. I'm not going to get all you know. So sappy and soapy on you. But.

I think it's important to learn that you know each of your organs. I don't know if you guys know. I have a background in. Chinese medicine um each of your organs has a constellation of energy.

Association or emotional associations with it. So if you're studying any kind of. Oriental medicine uh you know that um joy and and we're talking about pathological emotions um pathological joyr. Mania damages the heart grief and sadness loss damages the lungs worry pensiveness anxiety overthinking um affects the spleen and the pancreas and liver frustration anger um rage rage is more heart.

But it's kind of somewhere in the middle there and of course kidneys the the the the emotion of the kidneys in a pathological sense is fear and people talk a lot about these negative emotions in. Chinese medicine right. But they almost never talk to you about the other emotions the ones that actually heal the body uh rather than our manifestations of something pathologically wrong and. So one of the one of the emotions that we all we all have to deal with in some point is the the emotion of loss or grief or sorrow and what you'll see many times clinically is is people who have suffered and repressed a lot of grief or a lot of sadness uh will often manifest with different kinds of lung problems and.

So people with. COPD emphysema allergies um did. I say asthma. I don't remember if.

I said asthma if you when you start to unpack these things you often find grief you know locked down buried stuff down grief is at the root of these uh lung manifestations and what the the. Dallas and the the ancient. Chinese medical practitioners have all discovered was that not only do these um do these organs have pathological. Expressions.

But they also have virtues and uh there's a system known as. Confucian virtue healing and the taoists have their own version and one of the the emotions that we want to focus on if we want to heal the body is gratitude gratitude is the highest level of the emotional energies connected to the lung and. So if you're suffering from lung problems if you're have low energy if you've suffer a lot of grief one of the best things that you can do is to create a gratitude list stupid simple things that you're just grateful for like for example that you actually your eyes. Actually open the.

Next morning right. That your heart didn't stop in the middle of the night stupid simple things that you actually have water from a tap whether you drink it or not that you can drink if you need to right. And one of the things that happens is when you do this it starts putting things in perspective if that makes any concept because we lose perspective we there's. So many things we take for granted and you don't you don't get a brief like reset until you almost lose it or you do lose it right.

Um. So lesson for today make a gratitude list. So. I teased you guys a little bit with what.

I call my success book. Many many years ago when. I was just a little weak when. I was just till we lad um.

I would listen to my my parents and my grandparents they would always say when. I get old and. I'm retire. I'm gonna move to.

Florida and. I was like did. I do all these cool things about how cool. Florida was right.

And after a while hearing this. I'd be like why are you waiting if. Florida's. So.

So much better than here why don't you just go and. So when. I turned eight um when. I turned 18.

I started making plans um by the time. I was 20. I was on a train to. Florida and uh.

I'd like to say that it was all peaches and cream it was not. I had 300 in my wallet and three boxes of stuff hey guys now quick shout out. I'll interrupt the story real quick quick shout out to some people joining us we've got crafty. Chow from.

Gettysburg lissy. Pearl um of course creative. Ravens there uh. James.

Harkins good to see you brother uh hydron. Schwartz welcome and greetings to. Berlin uh. Charisma.

Dowdy welcome from. Phoenix and will dog hi everyone all right. So when. I got to.

Florida. John few said hey hey when. I was a wee boy that's right. Love.

So one of the things that you know. I didn't go to college until very late in my life and. So. I got to.

Florida and the. First thing. I did was get a job selling shoes. I was the original the original.

Al. Bundy right. Um and. I knew.

I had. I knew from my earlier training and door-to-door sales and stuff like that that. I needed to keep my attitude positive. I needed to to find ways to build up my own sense of self-worth and self-esteem and.

I got this download one night right. At this time you know 10 bucks was a lot to me back. Then okay. I had a walk to work for the.

First three or four five months of my life till. I could save up enough money to get a car that leaked more transmission fluid and actually held on to um. But one of the things. I realized is that.

I had a lot of. I had a lot of obstacles to overcome when. I was living there both financially uh logistically emotionally and. So.

I needed to find a way to build myself up and. So. I got this little stupid um loose leaf notebook. It was like a little spiral binders with like 50 pages in it and it took.

A ballpoint pen and. I wrote on it my success book. And what. I did was.

I went back into my memory as far as. I could and try to remember and write down every good thing. I'd ever done every success. I'd ever have and every night.

I would come home from work or if. I was if. I had a friend or whatever. I would come home and.

I would either read what. I had written the previous days or. I would write more stuff what. I was successful with that day and it was only the things that.

I was good at only the things that that. I did that were successful for me and. I did that religiously for two or three months and within you know and from that point on um. I can't attribute it directly.

But. I know it changed me because it fed it balanced out the negativity that. I was being exposed to on a on a consistent basis remember negativity has a charge of four good things have a charge of one. So if you have one shitty thing happen to you you need four good things to balance that out just to reach zero.

So this the my success book. Concept low budget and low. Tech as it was fed my mind it fed my sense of self-worth and self-esteem and what's interesting is the more things. I wrote the more things.

I remembered from other times earlier in my life that. I was happy about that. I was grateful for and that kind of feeds into our lesson about gratitude today and how you can use that right. And uh and.

So one of the things. I want you guys to do is is in your way you know you might be a tech person who you know likes to play with notepad and stuff like that or you might like to handwrite things right. Um start a book. Start a little a little a little gratitude journal or a success book.

And just every day just sit down for a few minutes and write stuff that you you're good at that that you've done well that you you've been rewarded for that how you've helped people or write things down that you're grateful for simply because it's going to heal you and it's going to change your perspective about your life and once you start to change perspectives about how you view the world you live in. Opportunities will become you'll become aware of opportunities and motivation and inspiration that was hidden behind that other viewpoint. So. I just want to put that out there and now we'll get back to what you guys really want to know about um which is questions what questions do you have.

So we got one from brick. T here who says hey. David really need some advice to decode or demystify whatever the author of initiation into her magic is saying and keep one stuck out before while reading the book. First and foremost what you want to do is you want to read that book.

From cover to cover without trying to do any of it at least three times okay. And. Then you want to take the exercises that he gives you especially the condensing breathing and the uh where you're condensing the energy into your into your bones and in your organs and out you want to really over learn that that's the big piece because you want and because what you got to do is you have to blend you have to merge your. Consciousness with your breath right.

In the. Chinese medical. Qigong system that. I'm getting my doctorate in right.

Now um they say and. I you've heard me say this too. But they say this way if you can't feel it you can't heal it okay. What.

I say is if you could point to where you feel if you can point to where you feel that you can change it it's the same idea you have to be able to become aware of the different parts of your physical energetic and spiritual. Anatomy before you can work with it right. Part of that is merging merging your your. Consciousness with your breath another part of that is engaging your imagination in such a way that everything synergizes together and those exercises at the very beginning of.

Barton's book. Where he talks about the exercises for the spirit the exercises for the energy body the exercises for the physical body these are absolutely fundamental critical exercises you can't learn them too much right. This has been a this has been a truism from every system of her. Medics or her.

Medics based energy work mysticism alchemy that. I've studied you've got to be able to link these three things together and move them in your body. So that you can move energy in and out you can move energy from where it needs to be to where it isn't you know uh you know and all that other stuff. So take it slow and now the only thing.

I will tell you is you don't need to be as fascist about the training as. Barton is in the manual in the manual he comes across is very metallic in other words it's a very task. Masters and that could be because of his his. Eastern.

European upbringing it could be just how how it was translated from the. German uh here's the key piece that he doesn't teach you get in that book. You have to have fun when you're doing this right. You have to have joy and and compassion and and really feel good about it okay.

So you want to play with these things. So the secret to playing with it is to take the numbers that he gives you the level of repetitions that he wants you to do and break it down to like one minute increments you know work from 30 seconds to a minute with each of the exercises and make it fun and only work for the period for with which it's fun now at some point you're going to have to transition from motivation to discipline. But not at the beginning not when you're still trying to learn the technique once you've learned the technique now you can go for discipline where you keep going and you keep going and you keep going. But if you if you're not satisfying that fun.

Factor. First. First of all you're embracing the wrong energy because every energetic every energetic frequency or level of. Consciousness that you're going to interact with is going to have a feeling connected to it and.

So you have to have that feeling right. So you have to you have to really get the imagination going as well um. But again the more positive and upbeat and playful your um your state the easier these things are to do let's see here see here let me have to make not to put up my window a little bit more um creative. Raven says agreed opening of resources that's why.

I'm here excellent. Butte wean says wow. I just practiced gratefulness and felt the channel open up boom way to go get smart quick says nice shirt. Mr.

David you look. Like a certified. Camp man. I love your stuff well thank you thank you very much um.

I did suffer a bit of a loss today though my my famous necklace that. I wear all the time has gone missing. So. I'm hoping it will manifest and turn up within the.

Next 24 hours or. So something will happen as we say in. Planet. David.

But uh thank you for the shared compliment. I'm very picky about my shirts um. So let's see here crafty child says thank you. Rochelle of silhou says.

I'm now using. Echo technique unconsciously now. But. I'm unable to use other people's trans words to them any suggestions you're unable to use other people's trans word with them okay.

You're going to need to elaborate on what you're trying to get them to do and what the context is in which you're trying to use their personal transports okay. Remember when you're asked when it's in what's it when we're playing the. AMA game the more precise and and well thought out the question the better the answer. I can give you if the question's too vague too general or missing pertinent information.

I'm going to ask you to restate the question okay. Uh creative. Raven says if. I have an important task that keeps disappearing from my internals how do.

I reconnect to the task feel safe to complete it and stay connected to the positive outcome oh okay. A couple things. First of all point where you feel it reach out and touch it use the magic frame technique to figure out why your neurology keeps hiding this from you okay. It has a reason for it the moment you find that reason and you clear it you clarify what that reason is you preserve that lesson you let the rest go that's the.

First part the part that's hiding you trying to protect you from whatever this task is going to do the. Second thing is what's important about this task for you personally what's the emotional payoff or uh lifestyle payoff that you're gonna have once you've done it see a lot of times what happens is people focus on the tasks they have to do rather than what it's going to do for them once they've completed it and that changes you from external locus of attention to internal locus of sorry external locus of control to an internal locus of control which is almost always pleasure based okay. So one of the things that happens when we start to lose our motivation we start to start oh. God.

I got the news again what's happened is you focused on the task rather than the goal getting back to the goal and repeating to yourself what is what's important about that to you and what it's going to do for you and what it's going to be like to have it it's going to fire you back up again and get you right. Back in the game that's the short course right. So if this were a. CPI class or a hidden.

Laws of. Attraction class. I would say use your emotional motivation checklist after you've magic framed your reasons for not wanting to do it. Then top it off with uh resistance removable formula which you've seen we teach on several webinars here on the.

YouTube channel. So that's the go-to okay. Hopefully that helps uh. Chris.

Harding hey. David amazing to be here curious about image cycling especially based on you speaking of the results. What specifically would you like to know. Chris regarding uh image cycle.

I could talk forever about interesting most of my students who have been using the image cycling process that we teach can talk for hours about what image cycling has been doing for them. So the more specific the question um the better a better answer. I give you. Paul says.

I want to know how we go through hold on a. Second it just jumped uh. I wonder how we go through your six levels of energy healing my six levels of energy healing. I don't know what that means what six levels of energy healing are we talking about.

Paul uh queen says facts facts don't practice while in a bad mood or a low vibration absolutely remember if you look. At the. CPI model and again. I've taught this.

I've taught the. CPI model on every webinar. I've taught for the past three or four years. I've taught it in how to you know taught it in various amas here and remember know what you want control your state get report use your language if you remember that sequence it's always about your state.

First all the advanced magic and energy stuff that. I teach is actually higher levels of. State. Control once you understand that.

State control is truly the foundation of everything and. Rapport is the key to accessing all the things you need to you need to get. Then your 80 of the way where you need to go it's it's it's true enough to be true. But the only way that you'll actually discover that for yourself is if you actually do the drills that we teach right.

Whether the free stuff we give away here on the channel which is. Head and. Shoulders above what you'll probably find in most other places. But when you get behind closed doors lesson we kind of pull back the curtain and show you the whole system uh.

Then you're like holy. Batman you know um ask anybody who's been in the you know the mega. Retreats or the the. Costa.

Rica. Retreats or the mega. Platinum uh our unlimited influence trainings that we're doing we're we're showing stuff that just pure science fiction for most people's perspectives. But it's doable it's trainable it's something every single one of you can do if you have access to the teachings you just got to get access to the teachings and you know the only person you can decide when you're worthy of that is you you know.

I'm happy to share with you the things that that improve your lives. But if you want the whole systems. Then you got to decide what you need to do and who you need to be to get there right. You know.

I've always told you you heard me say lots of times um you can be or do or have anything in this life that you want to be or have or do. But. First you have to become the person who deserves to have it and sometimes that means getting a different job sometimes that means moving your residence sometimes that means getting spending and investing time energy money and education in a direction that may not seem like the most linear path to what you want. But because of society's hoops and and uh requirements and things like that you got to do it you know.

I certainly wanted to become a an energy healer and a. Qigong doctor. But. I didn't want to go through the the um you know five seven eight years of schooling it required me to get there.

But at some point you realize there are some things that you just have to do you know instead of trying to find workarounds all the time sometimes the shortest path is the easiest path is the hard path you just got to go straight forward you got to do whatever it takes to get there that's why and that's what comes back to when. I talk about the most important state to to cultivate for yourself is. Relentless determination right. If you have.

Relentless determination everything else falls into place without that it doesn't matter how positive you are it doesn't matter how confident you may seem if you don't have that. Relentless determination to keep moving forward no. Matter what you're gonna you're gonna stop at the. First obstacle there's a person who says no.

To you believe me the world is here to say naughty my job is to teach you how to get it to say yes. Right. But the. First person you have to say yes.

To is you right. Um let's see healing sounds vibrations and frequencies as a question is it good astral hygiene when changing self to also spend equal time charging your energy down to stay balanced okay. I think what you're asking here is uh when you're charging your your astral body um is it is it a good practice to actually take that energy and discharge it to get the practice for doing that and balance your energies versus just walking around fully charged and. I'm gonna.

I'm gonna say the answer to that for me is a qualified yes. Most people believe that more energy is better. I'm here to tell you from first-hand experience in a lifetime of believing that that more energy is not the answer not for most people right. In fact if you really get behind closed doors with a lot of these these high level uh masters of the.

Mystic. Arts if. I can use that term without infringing copyright. Eighty percent of your training is purging clearing getting rid of your both energetically emotionally um behaviorally belief-wise all the things that get in your way you have to start transforming this.

Alchemy right. And a lot of that involves purging and if it doesn't involve direct purging it involves transmutation of one energy frequency to another eighty percent of the work that. I have seen in the. Kabbalah in in the in the the.

Buddhist and esoteric system that. Buddhism uh. Daoism uh even in the. Christian mysticism from the hezekasts and and and and and those fields it's all clearing and purging right.

So you're going back to what. I gave uh the advice. I gave on barden's work learning how to build that energy up learning how to take it out moving it around that's one of the key skills right. Because again you as a.

Mystic as someone who wants to learn these things you have to enhance and expand your awareness and your perception. But the iron the ironic part is is that when you came into this world you had all of these spiritual gifts you see. Clairvoyance. Their audience psychology you had the ability to do all these things they were socialized out of you they were traumatized out of you what.

I mean by that is as you started to build up these stories of who you are and what the world is like and the belief systems that you were undocumented into it started to cover the apertures that allow you to tap into and use these extra faculties and you've heard me say from time to time that. Enlightenment in my world isn't the process of learning something new it's actually a process of removing the filters that are keeping you from experiencing what's already here right. And. So this is going back to this question is where.

I think you're going and if. I'm wrong please you know feel free to correct me the ability to move your energy up move your energy down and every other every other way you can transmute or transform energy is a core skill and it's something that's worth learning right. Certainly there are times when you want to charge up and to use that energy. But there's also times where you either you have to you need to know how to store it or if you can't safely store it how to vent it right.

So yeah. I hope that answers the question. Richard main problem that. I'm facing is.

I study stuffs. But cannot use it in the field at the moment it just doesn't come to my head at the right. Moment how do. I deal with this chunk everything down right.

Um if you if you remember the echo technique and do you remember if you remember the um the master. Echo formula ask a question validate the response. Echo their words asked again right. If you if you just take go out into the field on any given day and just do that one thing focus on nothing else.

But that don't try to get anywhere grandiose don't just get comfortable with that and eliciting the response the desired responses at a very super official no. Interaction that's not important right. A lot of us they like they take these you know they they crash in they have this uh. Volkswagen.

Bug and they metaphorically crash into a wall right. And they keep hitting that wall until the. Volkswagen. Rabbit or the.

BW doesn't doesn't function anymore. So they go they work they save up their money they go get a brand new. Lamborghini and take another crack at the wall right. That's not how it works right.

If you want to be successful with this and you're not having the success that you want you need to identify several key factors hey what is it you actually want to achieve okay. What are the smaller steps that you need that that go into that overall goal right. Do you know how you'll recognize if you're getting what you want are you moving towards are you moving towards your your goal or away from it right. In my.

First course that. I created uh back in 2004 2005. there was a whole chapter in in the book. Called the secret to making any system of pickup or seduction work 10 times out of 10. it was very simple it was all about sensory acuity it was all about awareness it was the simple ability to be able to tell if what you're doing is having the desired effect on the target right. And it doesn't matter what system you're playing with it could be some of the old school pool methods it could be the gunwich method it could be uh you know the mystery method it could be speed seduction it could be uh the real world it doesn't matter what system right.

Even the model was like. Shogun all these other systems to pick up an attraction and. I'm using those as a metaphor as a teaching example it's really true about any form of influence if you don't have the ability to determine through your senses if what you're doing is having the desired effect or not you're focusing on the wrong piece. So that's a big big factor because every human being that you interact with is going to tell you in no.

Uncertain terms exactly what to say what to do and how to do it in order to influence that the difference is they won't necessarily be telling you directly or with their words sometimes it'll be with a gesture sometimes it'll be with pupil dilation sometimes it'll be an unconscious head enough sometimes it'll be a tonal shift or a volume shift or the speed at which they speak will give you an indication of what words are more important than others okay. Your ability to take in all that sensory information and extrapolate what it means and. Then test it is going to be the single biggest factor to getting any of this stuff work to work the other piece is is to chunk it down to small manageable micro steps this is the thing that most people don't want to do because they want to get in that. Lamborghini and smashing into the wall well chances are if you're just getting behind a.

Lamborghini for the. First time that's where you're going to end up isn't a wall because you can't handle that kind of juice right. So break it down into smaller manageable chunks and as you over learn and master are consistently getting the results you want at the. Next piece right.

And play have fun with it if you're not having fun you're doing something wrong. So make your training fun let's see here will dog your thoughts hold it mold it to the bowl that is yours forever all right. I'm not sure where that came from. Rick.

T says what about demon possessions are they real. I think. So. I well.

I think a lot of them are not demons for sure um certainly there are other types of spiritual entities that can possess a person. But also um a lot of times they're the thought form the thing that's possessing a person and in the mystical systems it's actually not called direct possession it's called overshadowing um other types of spirits can actually have a significant influence on people um because they they're actually aspects of the energy that that person created and. So if you're. If you experience a certain type of emotion over long enough period of time if you.

Harbor certain energies or certain intentions of people they send they take on a pseudo sentence of their own and they can actually go. Rogue and start to feed off you because you created it. So they can have access to your energy anytime they want it. So there's a lot of ways that overshadowing or possession can happen.

But it's almost always because the person themselves created a doorway for that to manifest right. So. Mike. But the short answer is yes.

I believe it uh the more the more comprehensive answer is it's not just demons that can possess people now let's see here get smart quick says all banks from the necklace that returns to. Mr. Schneider well thank you that's very kind. Get.

Smart. Lucy says. I know you mentioned about kidney regarding the. Chinese medicine what does it say regarding people who have two kidneys mine was oh oh you don't have two kids what mine was removed when.

I was six years old from the right. Hand side okay. Great question great here's a great answer the physical kidney isn't there. But the energetic kidney still is.

So if you cannot if you this is going back to some of the if you imagine if you understand what thought forms are you can create an energy ball that represents the kidney that's missing right. And it can create an energetic kidney and you can use it and you can place it in your energy body where the physical kidney was and that can actually start to balance out uh your kidneys or give you more kidney energy the sub part is you have to do it every day or until your kidney grows back one of the two that's how. I was explaining it right. Um.

But yeah um what one of my teachers who was a. Qigong doctor um when he had people we had we would see patients who were missing a spleen right. They had their spleen remove they said just create an energetic component and put it in in a in the color corresponding to that missing warmth for them or organ and that'll actually help to balance out the loss of the physical organ over time to play with that um. Renee says no.

No. Vest not today you know. I got to be honest with you. I know that everybody.

I'm kind of. I'm kind of getting away from the vest. I know people love it and. I.

I think they're still cool. But. I've been doing it for a long time what do you think should. I should.

I keep the vest or should. I transition into something else type it in the chat what do you think. I'm going to continue answering questions uh. Martin.

Communications jumped out of my way here um hold on a sec sorry. I'm sorry if. I'm starting off into space. I.

I was about to read a question and. Then the chat box jumped on me. So. I'm trying to find it it's image cycling the.

Bankston method image cycling. I learned image cycling while studying the. Bankston method um. I've.

I took. My what. I learned from. Bill and added things to it to amplify and enhance the effects of the image cycling.

So what. I teach is image cycling. I do. I am certified in the.

Bankston system. But. I do not teach the. Bankston energy healing method because only the only purple.

I know who are certified to teach. Bankston are. Bernadette. Doran and.

Bill. Bankston himself. So. I will teach image cycling.

I will teach a lot of the things that bill teaches in his energy healing classes in along with all the other things. But. I do not certify people in bench tonight and some people were saying that. I certified people in.

Bankston are saying that. I certified them and. Bankston it's not it's not the case. I learned about image to image cycling process from.

Bill and have tremendous respect for everything. Bill is doing he is doing some hardcore scientific research into this this non-local phenomenon he hasn't he's having amazing results and especially for people who don't believe in this. So uh let's see here let me have to you know for some reason that's ah there was a question. I was about to read and.

Then it's gone. I have no. Idea where it went. So.

I apologize um. Last question. I answered. I talked about the vest okay.

Uh get smart quick says weird question how did you create such a lovely. Community because. I keep coming back with my problems my problems be solved like how you create such a you know what it's. I don't know all.

I can say is that um. I teach from the heart and because the universe gave me a lot of experiences early in my life experiences that a lot of people in our tribe have experienced as well and. I was. I managed to find the solutions and the answers.

I think it's largely because of that. But. I think it's also because we understand that it's about empowerment and you have to empower yourself. First.

But you know on the internet especially it's easy to be an expert it's easy to be a guru and say if you just buy my stuff all your problems will go away. I found that it's better to prove you can actually do something before you have somebody to invest and. So people have problems to solve and. So they come to our.

Channel because we can help them we have. Solutions and it costs them nothing. But a few moments of elbow grease and maybe watching a few videos to grab a hold of a technique or a piece of knowledge and use it to transform your life and. I think also that all the people in.

Planet. David and again. I'm getting kind of sentimental and maybe a little bit of metaphysical here. I think all the people who find their their way here have known each other before you all resonate with a certain.

Vibe a certain energy and you feel the pull and it draws you to us and if that's a match you stay if it's not you you find something else that's a fit for you um. I've said it over and over again that these the people we planted. David and. I'm not referring directly to all of you as well as everybody at different levels of our programs are the finest people.

I've ever met they're the most open they're the most sharing they're the most passionate about helping themselves and each other um and it doesn't really matter how you got here you know you all found our plan our. Channel because there was something you needed a solution for and in the search for that solution we found you and you got what you needed and the moment you fixed it it was something else you wanted and you found it and you kept finding it. So. I think it's just you know you follow.

I think all of you. Planet. David is part of your golden path you've heard me talk about those things. So you know that's just a few random thoughts as to why our tribe is.

So cool. But um. I guess. I just want to be real with you guys you know.

I. I. I've spent most of my life working very hard to eliminate the possibility of being deluded or of being wrong about things and. So.

I test usually on me and. Then. I if it works and it gives a consistent result. Then.

I share it and. Then other people go out and they confirm or or not where. I teach and that's how it should be. I think.

I think every one of us needs to test everything that they encounter and not just take it at face value or believe in it because it's old right. Or it's the newest thing if something resonates with you test it if it works keep it if it doesn't find something else right. Everything works for somebody. But nothing works for everybody and be very wary if people say it works for everybody right.

I would love. I think we have one of the highest success rates of all the techniques out there in our fields um. But we don't work. But it doesn't work for everybody and every now and.

Then. I'm reminded of that uh let's see here. So. I hope that answers the question.

I look. Like the tiger. King's younger brother with that shirt thanks. I think um lioness of guy a snazzy shirt.

Dr. David good to see you live. Good. To.

Be. Live it's been a while it's been a minute as they're saying it creative. Raven says thank you. So much okay.

David a spin technique used to work really well for me when. I was high. Vibe and happy a few years ago since. I've been low energy and depressed it's like it doesn't work for me at all why um because you have a lot of gravity what you need to do is you need to do a few gray rooms you need to change your posture change your breathing remember times when it did work uh.

Magic. Frame the thing that's keeping you from doing the spin and keeping you at a low vibration and. Then start spinning like it's going out of style right. You have to sum it up some willpower for this right.

You may have to repeat a few times. But um one of the things. I see a lot of times is that when we are really when our energy is really low it's like inertia our neurology doesn't want to move because of the gravity we have to force it to move it doesn't matter what your conscious mind believes once you start getting your body engaged it's only a matter of repetitions before things start to change. I learned that the hard way many many years ago you don't have to believe it you don't even have to want to do it.

But the minute you start getting that body engaged after the. First two or three spin. Cycles things are going to start to shift you're going to start to get a little more energetic you're going to a little more momentum going and will start to come out right. Remember when you spin stuff sometimes it has you have to purge it you have to let it come out if you spin something you've stimulated the body to start resolving it and creating an alchemical transformation that's why people get hot and break out in sweats all the time.

But if you if you try to fight it you try to analy try to stuff it down instead of just letting it come out that holds you down. So just some quick thoughts on that um my relation. Place says awesome surprise. So glad.

I logged on. I'm glad you did too. Martin communication says look. Up.

Joe. Exotic okay. Brick. T says hey.

David how would you define. Enlightenment in any quick and safe way where we can. Cosmic or. Clinton energy is the.

Bliss feeling is the feeling. Bliss are there any real world practical benefits okay. Well that's a compound question. So.

First and foremost. I actually defined. Enlightenment earlier in this in this uh. AMA by saying it's a it's a process of removing the filters that are keeping you from perceiving the things that are already here that's the big piece for enlightenment the.

Next thing is it's uh is there a quick and easy way to awaken. Cosmic or. Kundalini energy no. Um and let me let me elaborate on that there are quick ways they're not safe okay.

Um there are safe ways they're not quick right. There are there are ways that are more direct more structured have a successful uh a high number of success rates among their practitioners and. Then there are people who go to a. Qigong class one day and all of a sudden boom there.

Kundalini awakens and they're in hell for the. Next six years because that shit's going all over the place right. The big question and this goes to the. Last statement you made is is there any real world practical benefit to it that depends on how you.

Define practical and what you want to do with it a lot of people want to awaken their. Kundalini energy my. First question is why what's that going to do for you what do you think it will do for you right. You know we all want to have superpowers well superpowers have to be earned.

But you don't earn them the way you think you know. I said earlier and. I said this multiple times throughout this this podcast if you want to call it that is that everything we do is a process of removing the filters when you incarnated into this physical form you brought in all these gifts with you you had the potential for all of these things they were active in your spiritual in the spiritual place that you came from they got covered up they got blocked burning them means you have to do the work of clearing the things that are blocking you and. Awakening those.

Potentials in you in every spiritual system has a methodology for doing that if you can get access to those teachings. But none of them are fast. I think our. Technologies here in.

Planet. David of all the things. I've seen are faster. But they're definitely not they're not going to turn you into a you know the.

Next uh. Buddha in six months well maybe no. I don't know if anything's possible. But you know.

But the biggest challenge we have is just clear ownership right. So when you ask yourself you know you want to bring you want to awaken your. Kundalini energy to do what. Are.

You. Gonna. Do. With.

It the energy is designed to be used for something some part of your spiritual immersion your spiritual journey here it's designed that's what you came here for to learn and to help being a technical term right. So if that answers your question um. So. Richard is asking suppose they're using the word excite again and again that means excite isn't there because they're transferred right.

And how do. I do how do. I use the trans word to excite that person you think about time you look. At the the metaphors that they're giving you the stories they're giving you you find an analog story in your life and you use their words to tell your story and you pay attention to their eye their people dilation and their nonverbal cues every time you use that word and you should see a response you should see a dilation of the pupils you should see an unconscious head knot you should see them paying more attention to you um just because of using that word right.

Um little dog is saying the fundamentals control your mind and state roll-ons what to do if you determine that weight gain is caused by childhood drama what technique would you use to alleviate it start with magic frame. Then use color breathing and. Then spin it if that's not getting you the traction you need. Then regress to cause.

Renee. Matthews how do. I take control of my dreams been having nightmares that. I am lost in a new town quite a lot lately.

I would start with magic framework um. I would ask your unconscious mind what this dream is trying to teach you what it's trying to share with you right. And see what that's about uh it's interesting. Renee that you are asking about controlling dreams because that's actually uh in our mystical studies right.

Now most of me and my students are actually studying. Dream. Magic um which is a whole secret teaching behind it um. But it starts with questioning your unconscious mind as what the dream means what does it mean to you okay.

Uh and. Then just apply there's a reason you're having this dream there's a feeling connected to that reason where in your body does the feeling connected to that dream or to that reason live magic frame it spin it color breathe it and see what happens if that doesn't work go to go to a polynomic regression uh levels three and four and five and see what that's and see if that gives you any kind of traction uh let's see here. Okie how can. I speak to you directly and privately about sexual trauma and reactions.

I'll be using your techniques. I'm confused if there were dealing they were real or not and hope to speak with you in detail right. Now okay. I'm not seeing clients directly.

I'm referring people to my high level students my my. Advanced students uh four session work if there's if you feel like um you could benefit from a session with one of my trained. Associates. Then.

I'm happy to help you get in contact with them all you have to do is call. Stephanie at 858-282 four six six three and let her know you want to book. A session with one of our. Associates and she'll recommend you to the person that she feels is going to be the best fit for you you'll have a consultation with that person if there's a connection if there's a resonance and you feel like you can work with them.

Then we'll invite you to become a client um if it's not we'll refer you to another associate until you find someone that you really feel comfortable with if not if none of our people resonate with you. Then we'll recommend other practitioners from other systems that might help you with that. But right. Now with my training schedule and everything going on.

I don't have time to see um personal clients beyond my my mega platinum and an unlimited influence clients uh let's see here. Paul you talked about you have six levels of energy healing in your system when we were in. Costa. Rica like level one two three um.

I don't remember talking about six levels of energy in. Costa. Rica you can. I don't.

I don't know that. I would call them levels. I have lots of stuff. I have lots and lots of stuff um.

But to put them into an organized level um. I don't really have that well. I do. But not not in not like not like what you're implying.

I have lots of systems that. I teach and. I decided what you know what. I'm going to teach based on who's in front of me largely.

So it's a lot of a lot about spiritual maturity and what you're wanting to do with the energies that you're learning to cultivate. Rick. T how do we fully take advantage of the placebo effect or is it some other sense we can't fully control yet the placebo effect is simply the use of the. Mind belief suggestion.

Direction all these things can create a very powerful uh transformational effect that's purely uh at the spiritual mental level. So anything that engages your imagination that engages or modifies your belief systems will at can and will activate the placebo effect okay. Uh hydron. Schwartz any advice if one normally can feel gratitude and get happy with it.

But suddenly the knowledge of gratitude is there. But the feeling is gone it's fight against sadness just keep on doing gratitude one of my colleagues used to say when faced with the with a loss which is what. I think you're implying he used to say be grateful that it happened not that it's not sad that it's gone. So in other words focus on the fact that even though what you were grateful for what you had is now gone be grateful for the fact that you got to have it at all right.

And again if you start playing with reframes especially the 14 reframe patterns that we teach in. Renegade reframing you can always find. A. New.

Perspective to look. At a situation and find something you can be grateful for okay. But if you're having a lot of time dislodging the grief or the or the the for the sadness the. Magic.

Frame it and calibrate it spin it see what happens if that clears up the energy blockage and allows you to process out the rest of the emotions has this been useful you guys getting in are you guys getting good stuff out of this let's see here. So. Chris is asking what image cycling is the best ways to apply it and the best understanding of it pardon me from your deep understanding and to start applying it immediately. I could go further let me know okay.

Um image cycling is a process of creating certain intentions things that you want to manifest and they are usually best it's best served if they're things you selfishly want you list those you create a symbol for each of those things that you want to manifest and. Then you you spend a few moments really meditating on it and feeling the joy of having it and what it'll be like to have it and. Then you cycle through the list faster and faster and faster until you can no. Longer consciously track the list.

But you know it's spin or cycling that's in a nutshell how you doing um and. I haven't found much that it's not good for in fact a lot of our practitioners especially now that they're doing the internal cultivation stuff that we're doing for uh. Mega platinum and uh the. Buddhist mysticism training and things like that they're image cycling is actually starting to work faster and faster and faster probably the best example is our guy.

Bernie. I call him a resident. Shaman he was probably one of the best energy he image cyclers that that we've trained anyone studied with. Bill and.

Then we started teaching him a process called pulling down the heavens three. Divine invocations it really connects all the different levels and his his image the power that he when he charges cotton was like it was a clipping a switch. I put it on my back because. I re-injured my an old injury as.

I was teaching martial arts and. I literally put the on my back and within 30 seconds or 90 seconds the uh 80 of the pain was gone keep giving me cotton before um and it helped. But it it wasn't that fast. So um there's a as you get better and better and better at the image cycling depending on what other things you do um that just gets more powerful and and we've seen that consistently with our practitioners both in terms of like when one of our guys.

Nico uh he has to stop actually image cycling because he's in exciting is. So powerful. His. Life.

Starts exploding because he's starting he's starting to manifest high-level things and there's certain things that have to be disrupted in his current life that uh he's not ready to give up yet and. So he starts to manifest things start to happen to really accelerate and. Then he has to kind of stop and let things settle out and start again. So everybody's going to kind of come to that work a little bit differently uh some will some will just take small graduated steps some will take.

Quantum leaps some will have to you know they come in with. So much energy when they hit this technique it just exponentiates and they have to actually throttle it back a little bit. So everybody's going to be different. But there's not a lot that image cycling isn't good for right.

I use it for skill. I. I personally use it for skill acquisition and development and knowledge. Gathering which is different than what a lot of other people use it for.

So um. Tim. Grover is. Relentless.

I don't know what that means okay. Brick. T can you use that people with electricity using. Qi like.

I have seen or anal practitioners doing videos it's the same healing energy from what. I was told. I'm gonna say no. I'm gonna say no.

Um do. I know how it's done yes. Um am. I teaching people how to do it yes.

Um am. I going to teach it to the general public no. Um. But.

I know how it's done. I know how it's trained um. I haven't gotten to the level of proficiency with it yet that. I feel is ready for public demonstration or anything like that at all.

So. I don't know that. I'll ever show stuff like that that's kind of freaky right. Um.

But um there are all kinds of manifestations and effects that you can get without shooting an actual lightning bolt across the room at somebody um. So the short answer is yes. And no. I know how it's done.

I know how it's trained. I have not reached the level of proficiency. But. I can do that consistently yet um okay.

David energy healing techniques seem to work better for me when. I'm fasting for a few days. I feel more sensitive do you recommend this. I think fasting is a very very personal choice fasting certainly can have very profound effects on your energy as well as your ability to channel and be sensitive to energy um just do it just do it intelligently right.

I'm not a big fan of fasting. But a lot of my students are. So hold on a. Second my daughter's singing yes.

My daughter apologizes for singing too loudly. Anyway um see here get smart quick yeah. Mr. David's vibration influence course can help powerful uh.

James. Harkin says know thyself bingo healing sounds vibrations. Freedom thanks. David always a bonus having you in space.

Alex says oh he paid extra for this question. So. I have to make sure. I give him a good answer all right.

Advice on managing stress while working in sales using killer influence just have high targets and it can be just him okay. First of all go back to your. Basics. First and foremost control your posture control your breathing remember times in your life when you have the best time selling like the best customer remember the best customers you ever had remember what that feeling was like notice wherever your body you feel it turn it into a color breathe it through your body assume that posture assume that breathing pattern anchor it if you have um identity by.

Design use the pillars of power technique to magnify and lock those feelings in and find ways to make your your selling fun gamified okay. The more you make a game out of it the more the more actually the more the more charismatic you're going to be and the more you're going to stop right. Do lots of gray room at the end of every day to clear off your ship because you're going to be dealing with humans who have all kinds of crap going on and your job is to get into their energy and make something happen. So you're going to get that.

Schmutz on you. So make sure at the end of every night not only are you practicing your state control on a regular basis. But you're also clearing out your stuff that should give you a pretty big boost in uh in both your cells and the amount of time uh you're enjoying spending at work which will give you positive stress instead of negative stress right. When in doubt spit it out right.

Transformational. Triad is your friend use it um my uh the my success book. I don't know if you were here when. I was talking about the my success book.

Process uh go back to the beginning of this video where. I'm talking about gratitude and my in my success book. And start doing that that'll make a big difference in in your ability to control your state. Mike the hypnotherapist says good evening good evening.

Mike uh let's see get smart quick at. Alex breathing power pose no. It sounds like a lot of things. I just said uh brick.

T hey. David what new stuff excites you and is there any. Mystic stuff you don't know yet dude there are lots of. Mystic things.

I don't know yet and. Dr. Gilbert is on my radar big time he's been on my radar now for about four years. So um of the stuff.

I have of his. I really like it. I just haven't gotten to it yet because. I got.

So much other material that. I have to go through um before. I feel like it's it his stuff is gonna fit. But if.

But. I. I think he's absolutely credible uh. I know a lot of the sources that he's pulled from um.

So. I think if he if he resonate with his stuff especially the biogeometry. I think it's really good stuff um go with that. Lee says mystery method that's old school player stuff yes.

It is now well as love systems. Cynthia says hey. David. I'm a college student cannot afford the advanced test what would you do if you were in my shoes make more money.

I know it sounds that sounds trite right. When. I was. First of all let me let me preface this.

I did not actually go to college. I didn't walk into a college campus to become a student until. I was 33 years old and. So from the time.

I was in high school. I was working in fact when. I was in high school. I had three jobs.

I was the only 19 year old who owned two cars and. I thought. I was lazy find a way to make money if you want it bad enough you'll find a way and that's the one thing that goes back to what. I was talking about earlier and again.

I'm not trying to be you know. I'm not trying to be a right. If you want something bad enough this is something. I've always told my.

Martial. Arts students. I may have said it from here from time to time and. I'll say it again the greater the how the want to is the more the how-to takes care of itself let me repeat that the stronger the want to the more the more rapidly the how-to takes care of itself if you don't have a lot of money find a way to make money right.

Hopefully one that's legal right. But find a way to generate the funds to get access to the training materials that are going to level you up once you in memory remember for everything you get especially. Planet data. But in other places too you're always going to pay twice.

Anyway the. First payment is the money that's the easy payment because you can always make more money you can always make more money right. But that's not enough that just gives you you know if you. Pony up the money for the seminar or the videotapes or the.

I'm dating myself saying videotapes or the online course right. That gives you access to the information that gives you the right. To be in the freaking room to learn the techniques that's the. First payment and most people stop there it's the.

Second payment that's the most important one of my students. Seth would say there's three payments. But. I'll we'll limit it to two the.

First payment is the money you pay to get access to the information the. Second payment is time energy effort rolling up your sleeves going out into the world doing the drills and getting the skills and getting feedback from. The. Real.

World and enough repetition. So it becomes. Second nature to you that's the. Second payment and that's the payment that takes you from interesting information to permanent transformation it's the one that gives you the ability that will serve you every time you choose to use it it's a power and the skill and an ability that cannot be taken away from you why because it's part of you that's what the.

Second payment does. But most people won't make it because it takes too long or it's too much money or it's how do. I know it'll be worth it or what if. I don't like it after.

I get it anytime you hear those words going through your head realize what they're really saying it's it's they're telling you you don't deserve it you know what people tell me when people tell me. I don't deserve something you. So anytime those those trust me. I bought into that.

I bought into that language. I bought into that internal dialogue for decades right. And it wasn't until. I realized what was actually going on it was my neurology's attempt to keep me the same because that's what it wants to do your neurology doesn't like change your neurology wants things to stay the same because that's what's familiar and from the reptile brain familiarity equals safety.

But that's not what you came here to do you didn't come here to be safe you came here to be everything you could be which needs taking risks it means putting yourself out there it means doing work that may or may not give you the exact results we were hoping for or expecting sometimes it gives you more sometimes you give you things you didn't expect. But it's never wasted okay. Now you can think. I'm bullshitting you there's no.

Sales pitch connected to this. But if you really really want the things you say you want prove it prove it right. Get off your ass do what it takes whatever it takes because you are worth it you do deserve it. But it's not going to come to you you got to go after it and the sooner you do the faster you get what you want um see here.

Linus a guy at. James. Harkins yes. Foundational isn't it simple yet profound animals another conversation that.

I was apparently used dropping on um red violet 182 says motivation question what if. I don't have the motivation to do the energy methods to find and build motivation chances are it's because you're afraid of something chances are it's because there's a belief in you that you don't deserve to have it. So what you're going to have to do is a a belief inventory beliefs you're conscious of and beliefs you're other than conscious of and start transforming those beliefs basic. NLP 101 for.

Planet. David 102. okay. Butte queen says flushing red face okay. That doesn't help me uh lannis of.

Gaia do you have ideas or do ideas have people yes. I think they're both. I think they're two aspects of the same point topless thought forms okay. Alaska hello yay caught you live yes.

You did is this is this. Yana in. Alaska okay. I don't know.

I can the eyes. Look. Familiar. So.

I'm just wondering um let's see here conservators oh it's my my chat box let me you know let me jump down to the bottom let me see how far. I got to go uh. So this reminds you. Audrey.

Lord's uses of the erotic think okay. That there's a conversation going on here. I'm completely not privy to um. David are you a special.

Advanced solar just a person who is passionate about his skills there's nothing special about me at least. I don't think. So. I don't think there's a single thing that.

I do that you can't do maybe even better it's just for whatever reason um. I came across people who could teach me stuff and. I had the luck the perceptivity perceptivity to recognize what it could do and just keep doing it. But.

I don't think there's a you know what's what is it. I don't know what you know what is an advanced soul you know. I still put my. I don't levitate into my pants.

So. I'm not that advanced yet. But we'll see you know. I just think.

I. I think. I just. I'm just passionate about what.

I'm doing. I know it's. I know it's the right. Path for me.

So. I just keep going because it's what feeds my spirit and it helps a lot of people along the way. So how can that ever be wrong right. Uh let's see here find a way to be relentless uh.

Michael. Cullen hey there my friend. I really enjoyed the general power seminar could you please run over the 10-step energy method no. That's not for public consumption.

But um if you come to one of our amas or um did you you left early um did you know about our early bird sign up for. Next year. Michael were you were you there for the for the one through ten email me email me um separately and. I'll.

I'll go through the the one through ten for you it's free it's for you guys who are at the seminar it's not for. General consumption okay. Um let's see here. I have a hard time.

Kevin says. I have a hard time remembering good things and feelings in my life. So. I can get that feeling.

I should get out okay. Start small start small you don't need big things little things this is like. I started this whole this whole podcast for lack of a better word with the idea of what are you grateful for those are good things those are good feelings the moment you start looking for it after a certain number of repetitions your reticular activating switch system starts to shift and it starts bringing more things into your awareness to be grateful for. I'm grateful.

I have fingers that. I can use to tie my shoes. I'm grateful. I have shoes to tie it's that simple right.

What what you know what are you happy that you have right. I'm grateful that people actually like my shirt you know. I noticed you guys never answered my question about vests. So you kind of avoided that one right.

Um let's see here get smart quick says the way everyone is feeling sad for. Mr. Snyder's daughter singing reminds me of being at sleepover and seeing my friend things like how. I wasn't punishing her yeah it's it's not see here's what it is right.

I told the kids when they came over because they're at my office right. Now. I said look. First thing you got to do is homework and you can listen to your music.

But. I don't want you singing to the music because it will distract the other person and. So after you know every five or ten minutes they forget and. So.

I have to go and remind them not to distract the other person okay. Um. But don't worry. I didn't punish her she didn't realize she was singing thank you.

Hydra says your daughter has nice energy and voice for me it was more of a kind of synchronicity than disturbing sorry for mistakes no. Don't worry about that and thank you for that you know my daughter actually is is quite talented vocally um she got to lead her own. First her. First audition for her school play her.

School. Musical was. Moana and she got the lead role before that she got a lead role in this um this theater company called the story of toad and. Mr.

Toad. Mr. Frog and. So.

I encourage her every chance. I get. But there are times when it's it's not the right. Time to sin right.

So um do you guys think we're living in the. Kali. Yuga. I'm gonna be.

I'm gonna. I'm gonna. I'm gonna run the risk of uh kind of being sounding like an here and say does it really matter whether we're whether we're living in the. Kali.

Yuga or we're not we're living here right. So you just deal with whatever. Celestial or astrological or spiritual influences you you deal on a day-to-day basis because beyond that it really doesn't matter you came here at this time to fulfill a certain set of rules and and missions and. So forth whether it's the kalu.

Yuga or some other epoch you know the end of the mind you know mind my encounter was a few years back. But the point is it really doesn't matter because as. Consciousness shifts timelines and dimensions shift as well and. So as you raise your.

Consciousness what you thought was going to be true turns out to be different it's kind of interesting how that works. So. I think you know according to. I think it's the.

Veda calendar we are in the kalu. Yuga. But. I don't think it really matters in the scheme of things right.

Maybe if you're a. Brahma you know waking up or going back to sleep or whatever. But to us as an incarnated. Spirit incarnated soul.

I don't think it really matters we have missions to fulfill to to get to wax poetic miles to go before we sleep or as the case may be wake up right. Um. Liam. I use image cycling for skill acquisition myself.

But. I know. I'm not the only one excellent. Nathan vandenbrink says can you provide cold call tips or tricks in what context my friend um.

So everything worked just you don't know how to make them work again. Rashad take it one step at a time and make one get one piece to work before you go on to the. Next like. I tell my students a lot of people come to me because.

I make learning hypnotic language really really really really easy. But one of the things. I tell people once the doors close at the seminar and. I'm teaching them hypnosis.

I tell them if you can't get the result in hypnosis using the level of language that you would use with a kindergartner or a. Third grader no. Amount of hypnotic language is going to help you okay. Because the act of hypnotizing or generating attraction or whatever state you want in another human being is an act of intention after that it's calibration after calibration is tactical deployment of your language whatever language skills are appropriate.

So the same thing. I'm telling you is every single thing that you've been taught for shop works it's worked thousands tens of thousands of times with millions of people all over the world there are millions of people who've launched these videos and have reported back that this works like gangbusters it's not the technique it's probably the way you're applying it. So my advice to you is very very simple do smaller things a small measurable measurable manageable chunks and calibrate if it's working. But have an accurate way to measure if you can measure it you can manage it right.

But again make it fun. I have one one when my my. Advanced students his name is mandar um he came to me. I taught on the echo technique he spent 12 months challenging me and questioning me does this really work does this really work even though he was not using it all the time and it was worth it and every every.

Mastermind he would come back to me say does that really work does it really work. So what did you just and after about 12 months of of realizing every time. I used it it worked he started this it became a natural part of his vocabulary he just started using it everywhere he went and. Then from there he could build on it now you don't necessarily need to take 12 months to master something if you chunk it down small enough and you make it fun and you do enough repetitions.

But my point is is that the techniques work if you work with techniques. But a lot of times people get too ambitious they want to go too far too fast. So take your time have fun right. Some people don't even get to the words they have to go back to a positive eye contact right.

Before they learn to say hi before they learned to ask a question before they can. Echo. Chuck it down right. And what you'll notice and overlearn each of the steps it's going to give you a bigger bang for your buck in the shortest amount of time possible one of my more controversial uh by proxy to.

Young instructors used to say. Masters are made in the beginning and. I was like that's pretty cool people sit there and they say what does that actually mean it means over learning the basics the fundamentals the things that make the difference controlling your state getting. Rapport knowing what you want how you calibrate what you want using the language skills that you're good at and.

Then adding other things as you get better and better okay. Um see here let's see. I'm trying to skate up here to where. I missed stuff before um okie's asking before this.

AMA is over can we do some healing techniques guided together. I don't know that we'll have time to do that okay. Um. But what.

I'm thinking about doing is doing is starting like a meditation series where like once a week or a couple times a month. I come online and we do some guided meditation work or clearing work together um for those of you who want to do some of that work uh. I haven't decided if and when. I'm going to do that yet.

But if. I do you guys will be the. First to know uh man you guys got a lot of questions hold on a. Second let me see how many people are actually in this chat room uh 85 okay.

Uh okay. Oops that didn't work uh hold on okay. Sorry about that guys. I think.

I lost my chat oops. I think. I lost my chat wait on a. Second hold on a.

Second oh there they are okay. I. I clicked the wrong button and wound up leaving the window with all the chats the chat functions on it does my seven needs diagram include that. Adam what are you which um which seven needs diagram are you talking about let's see here well.

I'm still trying to get to the let's see here um don't mind me. I'm trying to. I'm trying to answer everybody's questions. So.

I'm kind of skipping around let's see here um one should never have to apologize for singing from their heart that's probably true unless you're in a library or um a place that's needs absolute silence or standalone where you might get arrested wait my reticular activating system is coming with all the places where it might not be you might need to apologize uh let's see again okay. David in one sentence please define. State. Control how about three sentences.

State control as we. Define it in. Planet. David is the ability to enter or exit any emotional state on demand at will at any any time you need to or want to boom that's what it is um let's see here foreign good to see you again point where you feel it or imagine good things sometimes they're not mutually exclusive by the way the door 117.

David because of you. I took. Over a group of three girls at a party it was awesome my question is what to do when guys try to hijack the conversation like they were trying to do okay. First and foremost befriend the opposite right.

Um just insta you know treat them like part of the group right. Um. You can also. Smurf them that's usually.

I think uh one of the people were saying either you know. Smurf them or do other things um be very careful uh how you come across to the to the person when you're you're trying to deal with that if they're trying to a. MOG you. Then by all means reframe.

The. Living. Daylights out of it right. Um reframing is probably going to be your best tool.

So. I would look. At the. Renegade reframing patterns for that uh let's see here you can always bust on them and just bust their balls until they leave or take a swing at you and show how much of a dick they are.

Anyway um. I don't recommend you do that though it's politically not not politically correct uh let's see here um. Adam. Lee says is there a way to practice directing questions towards an intended outcome with an interlocutor.

I think. So it's just now you have to manage two psyches instead of one. So as long as you can have it access as long as you have access to the like if you're gonna when when you say something like this. I'm thinking like a translator situation like you're here translators here the other person's here right.

Um if the person can understand and overhear you. Then you can start to position their mind by talking to the interpreter. But now you have to think about okay. How do.

I need to phrase things because how is this guy going to phrase it to the other person. So it's it's really the same process it's just you've got to add an extra link in the chain right. I've never really had and. I you'd have to give me attitude you have to give me more of a um of a context like is this a that's like a mediation situation is this a like proxy situation um you know is this is like an interpreter type situation.

I the more. I know the better an answer. I give you crazy with. Sandy hey.

I'm new to all this do you have a website or is all this stuff on. YouTube. I've seen a few videos very interested uh we have actually a great website we actually have two right. Now that will be.

Consolidated into one within the. Next 12 months uh one is www.nlpower.com the other is www.davidsnydernlp.com uh and we have a lot of content available and products as well on those websites uh we have over 300 videos on this channel and probably another two three hundred that we haven't released yet um because we just keep uh you know we just keep creating content um. So. I hope that helps um oh while.

I'm on the subject would you guys be willing to help me out with something if you want to help me out type yes. In the chat and and. I'll. I'll talk to you about it foreign.

I'm waiting for you guys to answer in the chat. I know there's a delay from. Zoom. Scion cymatic says.

David just joined welcome my friend. So get smart says yes. I'm listening absolutely oh cool all right. So here's the deal you guys know that every year globalgurus.org uh names their top 30 gurus in body language and.

NLP and coaching you guys know about that right. Yes. Anyway um it's that time of year again. So if you guys are are really enjoying the channel the content we create.

I would really be thrilled if you could go to www.globalgurus.org and vote for me uh for the number one. NLP. Guru of the year um if you guys want. I can show you how to get there um let me share my screen really quick um you're gonna have.

Infinity screen for a minute. But. So all you got to do is go to [Music] um www .s global gurus .org can you guys see this okay. I'm gonna.

I'm not gonna stay here very long. But. I want everybody to see this. So they know what's going on and.

So all you got to do oops. What's. Happening. Here is um you go up to vote here where it says.

NLP and. Then you can you can you gotta log in to vote and. Then you'll see a checklist of all the it'll take you to a list of all the people you can vote for if you could just you know throw your vote my way. I'd really appreciate it.

I'll throw this in the chat for you guys um let me get out of the screen here that would really help me out you know we've been we've been very lucky to to be recognized by people all around the world as some of the the leaders in transformational work and uh a lot of that is because of the amazing people in. Planet. David people like you and. I just want to continue to share that and let more people know.

So. I think um uh uh actually that's not what. I want hold on a. Second.

I gotta get out of this go back to this that's the meeting chat uh. But. I need there you go here's the here's the the. URL if you want it.

I'll go back to answering questions in a moment uh let's see here um um. Liam says honestly. I don't think anyone here would wouldn't want to help well you know what some people have their favorites you know and. I just again.

I just wanna. I wanna help as many people as possible and this thing with global. Guru seems to help me reach a lot of people and it gives me a lot of street cred. So that people who might not normally listen will actually pay attention.

So every little bit helps like. I said you know normally. I'd be asking you to like and share these videos you know. I still haven't gotten the whole.

YouTube social media like share thing down yet um maybe someday. I'll get all that. Tech down. But right.

Now. I'm just trying to get my message out and help you as much as possible um. So get smart says you can ditch the vest for. Scorpio seasons and rebirth reasons like noon okay.

King. Titan says damn it okay. Get smart quick uh before we accept my offer let's talk a new gold oh. I think you're off for talking to somebody else.

My. Relations plays. So cute you're missing those days of your daughter something absolutely you're absolutely. I already miss it you know.

I. I don't know if you were on at the beginning of the um of the uh the cast um. I had some. I had some things come up today um that really rocked my world the motion um things that were practically life threat.

I won't go into the. Dynamics of it. But it was that it was that 24-hour period that made me start looking at the life. I have from a very different perspective and why.

I became focused on gratitude because it becomes. So. So easy to lose perspective on all the good things that you have all the all the amazing things that are in your life right. Now that you just take for granted you know and one of those things was my children you know you know you look.

At there and you look. At them and you realize that don't never be this age again they'll this is this is the part you get to remember and why why aren't you present when when they are you know because. I think especially after covid you know being. So preoccupied with all the virtual crap it was really easy for us to be in the same room with the people we supposedly loved more than anything and just not be present and.

I think that's a challenge for us now because we have to be in the moment and really take in and digest and absorb every good thing you know and again. I'm. I'm maybe maybe it's because of the show. I went through the past week.

I'm waxing melancholic or sentimental or whatever. But. I think it's really important to really go back and look. At your life and what's what's good in it you know what could be better.

But focus on all the good things for a while and really appreciate them you know and. Then turn around and look. At how you can make it better. But.

I think that that looking back part is really important because if your eyes. Are always on the horizon. The. View on.

The. View seldom changes and sometimes we don't really stop to appreciate how far we've come until we look. Back and in that process of looking back and realizing the progress we've made whether it was in the direction we expected or not it reignites our motivation to keep moving forward and. I and.

I'm telling this giving this advice to my students for almost 20 years now and. I just got hit in the face you know um. So again. I'm going to get off my.

I'm going to get off my pedestal. I'm going back to answering questions. But um. I just had a very different different day with my kids because of it and.

I'm really really grateful for that. I'm not happy that the experience. I had happened because it suck. But it really did shake a few things loose for me and.

So. I want to share that with you while it's still fresh because at some point. I'm sure. I'll get jaded again and lose perspective.

Anyway um let's see here. I'm just giving up uh. Rashad is gone creative. I still don't understand the the.

Audrey. Lord comment created um let's see. Ivy bolt says hey. David.

I gotta say. Lao. Tzu and his taoism sounds. So similar to my chromatic philosophy or thought they're the same thing every system that works can be distilled down to the same core principles the same core skill sets in fact that's one of the things.

I'm doing now um with my inner my my high level like. Elite coaching students is. I'm actually showing them the core requisite energetic manipulation skill sets which are sound light thought forms um energetic condensation and dissipation um and advanced perceptual training those are the things that regardless of what system you're training you want to study those are your core skill sets if you if you don't if you don't have a solid foundation or solid handling those. Then you're not going to do you're not going to do a lot with any technique.

So um to me it's all this thing and that's one of the things you'll discover when you actually get behind the closed doors when you penetrate the exoteric to the esoteric to the inner world the inner teachings you're going to find the same structure to the training from. Christian mysticism to. Kabbalah to taoism to. Buddhist mysticism to.

The. Vedic systems the structures and the processes are the same they just use different words and names to describe about that um. Michael says no. Worries cool get smart says.

I used to mimic blockers until they look. Awkward and leave or do. Mr. Schneider smirking yeah okay.

Um use the erotic fitness oh uses of the erotic is an essay about living life full out for it is for women. But men can also resonate with the spirit of the message guys if you really no. Pun intended if you don't really want to get inside the heads and beds of more women you need to study how women write about eroticism especially. Romance because if you understand that mindset that you know the kind of person you need to become to become attractive to the vast majority of women now it's not manly to read romance novels.

But trust me you want to if you want to learn how what you think if you want to learn what keeps them up to all hours of the morning fantasizing made romance novels. So this one that creative is talking about. I think is a a great one to start another one that that would be really useful is called. Dangerous men adventurous women and it's a series of essays written by.

Romance. Writers and. So once you understand that aspect of it you can begin to modify your external appearance your behaviors um your lifestyle to be more in alignment with the archetype that they're searching for and there are many different variations on that archetype. So you can find one that is close to you says hi sir.

I have one question my friend has optic atrophy in his eyes. And this can't be cured as nerve cells are damaged is there any way he can use hypnosis or other. Alternatives from yes. Um absolutely hypnosis uh certain forms of.

Chinese energetic medicine can go a long way in helping to bring bring some of that function. I can't say it'll bring all of it back. But it can absolutely affect it for sure. I just can't predict to what degree over a period of time um oh hydrant says.

I hopped over the answers about the vest could you repost them. So the question was uh. I've been do. I guys know my trademark.

I've been doing my trading. Mark vest for three forty five years now actually most of over 10 years and they're kind of getting. I'm kind of running out of coal. Styles and.

I'm getting kind of bored with the ones. I have. So do you think. I just need to find more cool vests or should.

I just find something else like. Blazers or leopard skin shirts or something like that okay. Post your post your your comments in the chat let me know um territory let's see here let's let's scroll all the way down and work our way back up oh wait we have we have a blue one hold on a. Second.

Mr snuffleupius any good resources for subliminal messaging um in what context do you want to do subliminal messaging do you want to use subliminal audio do you want to make like some audio recordings are you looking to embed uh subliminal images in websites and printed materials are you looking for software that flashes words on your screen um at a subliminal speed uh the question is really kind of vague. So if you can re-ask the question. I might be able to give you a better answer um there was a software. I used many many years ago called subliminal messenger there's probably a version of it still out there somewhere.

But. I'm sure there's apps now that will actually do it better um boredom. MTS says yes. We voted for you.

Last year too thank you my friend uh. Adam. Lee says no. I didn't know this okay.

Um. Stefan user our fun and fear opposites and recommendations on having certainty even though it is elusive to me start with relentlessness relentlessness that. I've discovered kind of forms the foundation um actually what. I've discovered about fun and fear is that they're not opposites they're compliments uh pleasure and fear at least in the female physiology seem to be opposites.

So it's hard to to be afraid and feel pleasure at the same time and. I. I came across that. Discovery when.

I was studying female orgasm and the psychobiology of it when women have orgasms. Their. Fear centers shut off. So and pain centers as well.

So that's probably a good direction to start looking at making finding ways to make things fun or the pleasurable. So you might be you might be lumping pleasure in with fun. I'm not. I'm not making that distinction um let's see here.

Scion somatics's question what are your thoughts on. Reiki energetic techniques with. NLP to deal with others who have malevolent beings in their field give your views well most people's training in. Reiki doesn't doesn't.

Encompass dealing with entities. So if you're going to use. Reiki to deal with enemies you're going to need something. Reiki plus we deal with we have techniques in our systems for dealing with enemies um some of which are.

NLP based. So. I think if you're gonna if you're gonna do that kind of work and you're going to work with entities. Then you need something more than a basic.

Reiki one two or three you need deeper level esoteric training and exorcism training that's just my thoughts on it um oh looks like. Grandpa's here what uh you mentioned that each of the body's organs also has positive emotion with it for healing can you please let us know the positive emotions deal with five major organs yes. Um. Love unconditional unconditional love for the heart um liver is human kindness and compassion kindness is the highest virtue spleen is um integrity and honesty the kidneys is wisdom.

So um that's all five. I believe right. There are other emotions there are other positive emotions associated with those organs as well. But in.

Taoist virtue healing those are the five in in. Taoist. Dallas are not confusion virtual healing uh the spleen is actually what they call learned instinct right. Which is again um they're not really clear on what that actually is um.

But it's calling back on what you know right. Um. But the in the. Dallas system it's.

Integrity. I believe is what is associated with uh the spleen. So hopefully that helps um let's see here. Rebecca says.

I've learned from another teacher the one through ten and other energetic practices in. Michigan. State how do. I learn about future seminars and classes where you teach similar.

Concepts and practices um sign up for our sign up for our our newsletter go to www.davidsnydernlp.com for uh www .nlpower.com and get in our mailing list and when we have events coming up uh we will post them both on the events pages of both of those websites as well as sending out email blasts about upcoming events and things of that nature um let's see here. Lawrence. Liberty says can. I leave a link down below.

Lawrence what do you want to link to do you want to link to the global gurus page to my website what is it you actually want me to leave a link to um now get smart says don't be a. YouTuber just be a great hypnotist on. YouTube that's kind of how. I started right.

Cindy. Cynthia says have a wonderful night. David and everyone many blessings hydrant says. I voted exceptional because it seemed higher than good very good.

But thank you thank you very much um well thank you for what you do okay. You're very very welcome uh modern day. Sparta. David that is.

So true when you're climbing mountains the. Summit is. So far away that the only way to measure progress is by looking back thank you excellent excellent metaphor thank you for that um zuru. Hollis is photographic memory attainable through intellectual training no.

Um as far as photographic memory is concerned you either have it when you come in or you develop it as a physical skill you have to combine your intellect with your physicality to develop what they call photo reading or things of that nature um can it be enhanced through intellectual training if by intellectual training you mean. NLP holographic memory resolution or hypnosis yes. 100 percent um hope all is well zero okay. We're coming down we're coming into the home stretch okay.

Cyan. I think you keep asking me the same question and. I answered it you asked me about. Reiki and.

NLP and. I gave you a very a very in-depth answer on that one. So. I hope.

I don't scan and go back and watch the review review the video you'll hear me answer it um the that pizza lesbian 69 all right. Why are the. Hebrew letters of the tetragrammaton behind you modified what are those additional lines the tetragrammaton behind me is the is the com the letter combination for the month of. Scorpio the astrological sign of.

Scorpio and the other two letters the valid noon. I believe are the letters that balance the energy and make the correction for this month. So if you meditate on these letters and allow the energy of the. Divine to flow through them into you it will balance out your energies uh with the energies of the month.

I find a lot of times when things are going wrong um. Mercury's in retrograde this particular set of meditations for whatever astrological sign that you're in really quickly rebalances your energy and act reactivates your luck. So uh and. So every month because people are always asking me about it.

I just decided to start using them as screensavers because hey it keeps it in my mind. So. I'm always in harmony with that energy. But also people people can learn it.

So. I hope that answers your question okay. Question do you do any. NLP certifications yes.

Florence. I do in fact. I have one starting. Next week.

I've got an eight day. NLP. Ultra certification which is a combination of the. NLP curriculum combined with the mind control and behavioral analysis techniques.

I learned from. Chase as well as my killer influence trainings and things of that nature it's my unique integration of. Behavioral modification with uh classic core skills of. NLP taught in a very powerful user-friendly and fun format we're even going to teach face reading because that's part of the calibration skills now.

So if you guys want to know about that or or get in at that we have a few seats left uh just go to davidsonlp.com and go to the events section you'll find the. NLP training it's going to be here in. San. Diego uh.

November. November 9th through the 6th the 15th. I believe it is against the 1915. um. Londo.

Bella says. I got work in the morning. So. I'm about.

But gave me everything. I needed cool have a good night my friend bye okay. Um that pizza says oh damn that's cool is that image available for download somewhere you could try the kabbalahcenter.org that's the only place. I know that puts out images like this uh and they're usually part of their website graphics.

So keep in mind it's probably copywritten. But. I'm telling you where. I got it.

So. Warren says how often do you do these trainings are the financial are there. Financial payments yes. There are there are payment plans.

I teach. NLP one time a year um because. I believe that there are other skills that are more important than. NLP and by the time you get to the.

NLP um it's actually mostly review and uh and just extra skills that were. Superfluous to the other trainings my recommendation is you become an awesome hypnotist either through killer influence or identity by. Design and. Then work your way into the.

NLP class. But because this is an eight day training we decided to waive any prerequisites. So if people want to get in. I know it's.

Last minute um you can uh you can reach out to. Stephanie at 858 -282-4663 and uh she'll tell you everything you need to know to get into the class. Florence says your work has assisted me. So much lately forever grateful for you thank you.

So much that's very kind and. I'm glad you know it's it's it's hearing back from all of you that that really keep me going a lot of times you know because it's a grind sometimes to do these things and to do the research and the training and the testing and everything else. But when. I see from you when.

I hear from you guys and gals how how what we do has changed your life how it's put your life and giving you more control and taking the randomness out. I realized that that this is what. I was meant to do and. I'm going to keep doing it as long as the universe will let me or until they come drag me off with a net one of the two right.

The sensor police out there you never quite. Anyway we're coming into the home stretch. I want to thank you all. So much for letting me spend some time with you uh to kind of reconnect if you like the content please like share the content like and share the videos please go to our web go to globalgurus.org and cast your vote for your favorite.

NLP trainer that's me great if it's not no. I'll cry. But it's okay. What's the best way to find purpose in life.

I'll sum it up in a very very simple sentence do the things that make your heart sing because by and large when you follow the thing when you follow your joy when you follow your passions the universe conspires to put you on the shortest path to becoming the person you're destined to be who can do the things that they were destined to do we call that in in. Dallas mysticism we call that name or the golden path we have classes for that if you want to learn more of it it's based on face reading. But um that's the in a nutshell that's pretty much how you do it doesn't mean your life will be easy doesn't mean there will be people trying to engage it's a little audio um most people. I know use audacity or some other.

I don't really have a good subliminal audio software that. I can recommend um. But. Anyway for those of you who want to know about upcoming classes who want to get you know do the whole purpose thing like.

Emilio was talking about. I think it was. Emilio yeah um get in our get on our subscriber list we have a class called. Golden path it's a small class and.

I basically audit your entire life and. I look. At all the things that pulled your spirit into your body the things you're good at the jobs you love the things you like about those jobs and we create for you a profile that indicates what your. Life.

Path might be remember that the golden path your purpose in life isn't necessarily about a job it's about a lifestyle a life direction that could. Encompass any number of jobs. But the one thing. I can tell you from the bottom of my heart to the deepest level of my soul is that when you are on that path and you're all on it to some degree especially if you're a planet baby especially if you're here one thing.

I can tell you regardless of what you think about your life nothing no. Mistake you've made no. Class you've taken no. Book.

You've read no. Show you've watched no. Betrayal you've suffered is worthless everything has a purpose everything is designed to give you or teach you something that you couldn't have learned any other way and that's the beauty of of understanding that nothing in your life is wasted even if you think it is at some point on your path those things that you thought were irrelevant that were a waste of your time it may not be in the way you thought. But it'll come up.

So. Gringo to. G lingo says. I already vote for you thank you thank you good thank you uh.

I hope my necklace shows up too um if it was meant to happen um if that was part of the price. I had to pay for getting through what. I got through today it's price well paid all right. Uh if it comes back it's.

Meineke um hey. David are you done reincarnating. Mystic tend to want to end this cycle um. I don't think.

I'm done reincarnate. I've certainly been given access to the. Technologies that if. I applied them and devoted all of my waking existence uh in this life to it.

I might be able to jet. But. I'm not in a rush because you know from based on the teachings that. I've been given access to um it's just become as you get higher and higher up the grade uh you become more and more to serve the people that are still down here right.

And. So. I think wherever. I am is where.

I'm supposed to be you know um certainly with the. Buddhist mysticism training that. I've gotten. I've and.

I'm getting within three years. I'll be a certified. Buddhist llama. Buddha.

I'll be actually certified to teach. Buddhism. I do have a. Mercado you're right.

Uh. I studied that many many years ago in adrenal development. So um. But it's all the same it's all the same thing um they're different there are many different forms of immortality there's and reincarnation is absolutely one of them um.

I haven't decided what direction. I want to go yet. But it's nice to have a choice right. But like.

I said if. I get if. I get through it in this lifetime and. I.

I get. I get bumped up to the. Next level cool if. I come back for a remedial class on being a human being well okay.

I'm okay. With that too. Anyway the words of the immortal. Carol.

Burnett. I'm. So glad we had this time together just to have a laugh or sing a song seems we just got started and before you know it comes the time we have to say. So long good night my friends.

God bless we will see you very very soon go click those links get in our newsletter vote for. Global gurus get to some trainings and let's hang let's get together and. I.
