Title: X66k24w2N_s.txt
Video Id: X66k24w2N_s
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X66k24w2N_s

Foreign there's my. YouTube face and uh let me just type in hello everyone happy. Labor. Day ah see who shows up there's.

Chris. Harding's checking in great to see you. Chris [Applause]. I don't really need to type this in the chat.

But hey there is. Vee in the cloud hello. David he says gee says hello hello back shouts out. Rick.

Miller how you doing brother. I. I'm a little hyper uh. So.

I decided to take advantage of the uh the road. High uh to say hi and and do our an. AMA since it is the. First.

Monday of the month. I decided to make it a public one. Hey. Kevin we missed you in.

Vegas brother was a good one. So. I'm gonna be on for a little while hey. I'm very good dreb thank you for asking how are you my friend if you got questions.

I got answers let me know what you want to know about. I'm rocking my leopard spots it's a heat wave. Hey sir. I know how you doing anybody have questions anything you want to talk about anybody doing anything interesting.

Kevin. I was celebrating my 40th year being. Vegas at the end of. September you're coming in for aggression is your name on the list because.

I uh. Stephanie went over to. Lista who's coming and. I didn't see your name on it.

Harry. Adkins hi. Dave hi back. Terry.

Chris. Divine timing man. I try it's 102 here by the coast when. I left in.

Vegas this morning at 6am it was 98. Degrees it's averaged about 108 and higher for the week. I was out here. So in.

California they told me. California was having a heat wave. I was like yeah we'll see [Music]. I want to know if uh.

V. McLeod says. I want to know if you have any. Meats in the.

UK yes. We are now that all the borders are open we are reassessing our. International schedules um what we do have for sure coming up in. I believe may we have a two two back-to-back trainings in.

Australia after that we're looking at we're looking at what the what economics will dictate for us. But uh we have every intention of getting back to. Europe and the. UK uh within the.

Next 12 months. So be on the lookout for interesting announcements um see here. Rick. Miller says.

I did for years now. I forgot pressure okay. Yes. Sir regression should be on that list.

Chris. Harding in major transition you've been of incredible assistance you have no. Idea well thank you. Chris.

I'm. I'm it really is gratifying when. I hear how the work that that. I've been doing to both you know in concert with my my team and and you know through the.

YouTube channel and our our extended family uh is really making a difference it's and all. I can say is let me know how you're doing and. Pay. It.

Forward help other people you help you've helped yourself now show other people how to help themselves point and always point back to the channel you know tell people where you got it of course yeah. Vegas is uh too much heat for me. I'll tell you what really got to me though was um we do a lot of our events in casinos and as. I'm going through all these purification processes and stuff like that um the the environments are getting more and more toxic.

So it's getting harder and harder for me to actually be there. So we're looking at alternate locations uh in the. Vegas area because it's just. I honestly guys it's just economically it's better for you and us to do the events in.

Vegas although uh come towards the latter part of this year. I will be doing a lot more events here in. San. Diego.

So if you like fresher air um and and more weirdness come on out to. San. Diego and hang out with us uh let's see here. Liam says good afternoon everyone hello.

David. I have a question when doing self-trans what is the best way to talk to yourself if it's needed. I'm mostly down to body feelings is that correct there's there's a couple of ways to do it um the old school method that. Jerry kind used to teach was to talk to yourself before you go into trance um.

I find that anytime you can convert a body feeling into a color and other sensation based hallucinations and work with it like. I'm like a like a physically working with it you get a hole that's greater than some of the parts um there's a technique that we have we don't teach it very often um it's called the. Inception method and what it is is you hypnotize yourself and and tell yourself that you are actually hypnotist hypnotizing yourself who's hypnotistic. So it's like think think of the.

Inception where everything is a layer within a layer within a layer and. So what can happen is after you get to a certain level you can just let that deep level inner hypnotist give you suggestions it's not. I've never posted a demo of it um because it's not a visually exciting demo to watch it's it's actually quite boring to watch. But after about half an hour you see the lady in the chair just start laughing your head off because all of a sudden her inner hypnotist started giving her exactly the right.

Suggestions to resolve things um it's a deep deep trans phenomena. But we take the name from the movie. Inception where we just layer within layer within layer. So that's another way that you can do it also uh if you know what suggestions you want to give to yourself ahead of time you can record them and listen to them while pretending to be in the deepest chance humanly possible hello.

Laura. Thompson good to see you again there's. Letty. Tor.

I love your face reading video. I love that you love my face face reading video ready vegan. Cloud says yippee. Paul.

Dean says hi. David paulini says cool to hear you're considering. European tours again we are absolutely considering it um. I.

I miss my. UK contingent. I miss my. Cypress people uh we'd like to get back to.

Israel which. I know technically not. Europe um. But we'll see we'll see how that goes a lot of times yeah you.

Finally figured out that casinos are not the best place to hold trainings actually from a from a financial standpoint they're still the best place to hold trainings uh it's just as you get more and more as your vibration goes up it becomes harder and harder to stay in those places some of the newer ones are okay. But like the old one we're at right. Now which is the. Orleans the ventilation isn't the best and.

So we spent a lot of time gagging and wheezing. Liam says. So if you must talk to yourself do it. First anything else to turn a color oh that technique's on school.

I'll try it thank you yep. Monty hey buddy. David. Shalom can you read.

Hebrew understand actually. I don't read all that much. Hebrew um. Israel is waiting for a shirt um yeah.

I. I. I'm when. I come there.

I'm probably going to have to do energetics or if. I can get away with. NLP. I'll do.

I'll do vibrational. NLP um it's all the same stuff it's just hypnosis is still as far as. I know it's still illegal in uh in the in. Israel uh where do.

I start. I'm a beginner at all this. Terry what it all starts with your outcome what is it you want to be able to do from your time in. Planet data that's the.

First question anybody who's who's just getting started in our community needs to answer we have. So many different on-ramps. So once you isolate what it is you want to be able to do we can point you right. At a video or a product or a course or a class that gets you on the fast track.

So that's where it starts what do you actually want to be able to do brick. T says how much. Aramaic do. I have to learn to get the benefit of.

Kabbalah well if you go by what the. Kabbalah. Center here teaches they'll tell you none what's important is that you understand the meaning of the actual letters and what. I mean by that is each letter has a relationship to an element it has a relationship to a certain series of.

Concepts and principles uh and sounds and if you understand what those correspondences are. Then you can begin to place letter combinations in specific orders that create certain vibrational frequencies that allow you to tap into these higher level manifestations. So technically you don't need to understand. Hebrew or.

Kabbalah in fact um. I shouldn't say this because. I know people are going to jump there's there's three books. I always recommend people start with who want to begin their training in the magical manifestation of.

Arts and the. First one is always going to be friends. Barton's initiation into hermetics and you should do the training in that book. Because it doesn't matter if you want to be a kabbalist a wizard a.

Taoist priest a tantric. Buddhist um a whirling dervish the principles are. Universal all once you get past a certain level in all the mystical. Traditions they're all identical structurally that's that's something that they don't want you to know.

But if you can get past the the the outer and inner door teachings into that inner inner level of teaching structurally they're all the same. So at the highest spiritual levels it doesn't matter what religion you start in you all eventually wind up doing the same thing and that's why. Mystics can get together and and and talk to people that from completely different traditions and still understand one another. But the bottom line is getting circling back to um to where to start than the.

Barton books the training is the same regardless of what you're you want to do energetically or spiritually now if you want to do cover off you have a couple of choices. Barnum's. Third book. Secrets of the keys to the true.

Kabbalah will teach you letter combinations based on the. German alphabet rather than the kabbalistic alphabet they're roughly the same they're roughly the same. But don't don't go rushing to the keys to the true. Kabbalah book.

Unless you've completed the basic trainings the. First like 10. Chapters at least of. Barton's.

First book. You won't be able to use them okay. Uh. So.

I hope that helps um let's see here any new breakthroughs you have oh. I have brick. I have tons. But they're not it's not ready for public consumption yet my eyes.

Are getting blown my mind is getting blown daily with the stuff. I'm doing right. Now um and it will eventually make its way into my energetics class in fact it's probably going to wind up launching a whole new series of energetics classes um for people um it's yeah my mind yeah. I.

I yeah the past few months my mind has been completely blown with stuff. But. I'm also working on uh additional trainings and and modules for our face reading programs our body language programs um our our 12-month coaching program the unlimited influence. Mastery coaching has been has taken off like a rocket people absolutely love it we're we're not even we're about halfway through uh well three quarters a quart three quarters of the way through the.

First and they're screaming for year two already. So there's a lot going on there really is um. So. But some of it's just not ready and again a lot of it is is you know depending on who's in the room with me.

But thank you for asking uh let's see here sorry if my thoughts forever thank you for the. Inception technique. I'll definitely try it and recording myself. So simple why didn't.

I think a lot of people a lot of people fall in love with the complex don't don't feel bad you know they'd rather raise the bridge they'd rather lower the waters that have raised the bridge here's the thing. I've learned as. I get deeper and deeper into these. Mysteries is that the most powerful stuff is the simplest do your best to keep your stuff simple and you'll find little magic at your fingertips okay.

Uh let's see here. Terry. Atkins influence other people besides myself how great. I really am and.

Then. I can start with killer influence. Terry um to killer influence and supplement that with the self-mastery supercharger or identity by. Design and you'll be cooking you'll have what you need.

Rick. Miller. I want to know more about why it works rather than how it works. I'm finding my.

I'm finding my mentality and body are feeling like your heart just knows and that the house seems like it's just okay. What you're dealing with. Rick when you start getting those. I just know feelings what you're hearing is.

Communications from your mental or spiritual body which is um not bound by time and space. So the the energy body and the the physical body is where our our reptile brain is kind of stored that's the part that deduces and acts on. Instinct. So as you get deeper and deeper into your meditations and things like that that knowing without knowing is going to continue uh is going to continue what.

I've discovered in my life is that um. I'll get a download or an. Insight kind of like you're describing and. Then as.

I continue to practice and work with that information. I'll spontaneously find like the same information in three or two or three or more independent sources that elaborates on potentially why it works um and from there. I. I.

I go with what feels right. To me and what. I can prove. So.

I use the rule of three to confirm something that. I get a download from and. Then. I look.

At their how they've deduced or or come to the conclusions as to why it works with with the caveat that they may be completely wrong and none of the explanations may be mutually exclusive a lot of times the why is more of a perspective rather than anything else. But human beings tend to engage in uh either or black and white thinking when a lot of times there's multiple there's multiple angles to the same thing that allow something to manifest that's why we can get this powerful change work uh with spinning and. Magic. Frame and color breathing because we don't separate the different divisions of the body we actually integrate them and synergize them towards a common outcome which is why we get very very rapid and very deep level change and.

I think that's this. I think that's the way to go with a lot of a lot of the information that we get these spontaneous downloads for. Lucy. Pearl thank you for your answer.

Last time it helped me alongside with the. Bankston method plus water changing now. I've delivered my presentation with a positive. Spin and landed my dream job thank you.

Lucy congratulations well done well done um let's see here uh let me see. I got they did the the chat box just skipped for me um let's see here. Mark nishack. Could you type out the book.

Titles. Mark are you asking about the. Barton titles. Rick.

T is asking do you think we have a secret history that people don't talk about like if we're actually alien hybrids anything's possible the more here's the here's the one thing you can count on my friends the more you learn the less you know uh the more you learn the more possibilities you realize are out there can. I put the names of the books in the chat. I think where. I think you guys are asking about the.

Barton books okay. I. So the. First one is initiation into hermetics now.

I'm going to be up front with you bargaining is a tough read. But he does have in my opinion the most comprehensive explanation of how to do these practices remember this isn't about religion this is about a way of cultivating your holographic neurology to interface with the quantum universe to manifest what you want to gain deeper knowledge of yourself and the and the. Multiverse that we live in and continue to be of service to to yourself and to humans in the worlds in general. So the.

First one is initiation intermedics by. Franz. Barton the. Second one in his his uh well.

I'm gonna. I'm just going to give you this. Third one the. Third one is keys to the true.

Kabbalah and. I and. I put this out there with some reservations please for your own sake do not avoid playing with the stuff in the. Third book.

Until you've actually had some experience with the material in the. First book. The training for a wizard and a kabbalist are exactly the same except one starts to deal with entities and things of that nature the other deals with the. Primal building blocks of the universe.

But if you can't if you can't project your spirit if you can't think tetrapolarly if you can't um uh eucharistically load water and things of that nature the the things that you learn in the keys to the true. Kabbalah are largely theoretical you need to have an experiential. Foundation which is why the the drills and the exercises in the. First book.

Are critical now we do these drills and and ask and variations of these drills in all of my trainings right. So we are constantly you know those of you are coming you're all you're getting a lot of this whether you whether. I consciously pointed out or not. But if you're going to train on your own and.

Liam actually had a very good point be as playful with these drills as humanly possible if you're not having a good time don't do it okay. Um because. Then because. Then you'll start to try to engage your discipline and that's and there's nothing wrong with that.

But when you try to when you start to engage discipline you start to engage seriousness and seriousness shuts you down. So be playful be fun be curious be explorational do it do each of the exercises consistently. But in small small chunks that are fun and you'll wind up doing it more and you'll get better faster okay. You don't need to do a lot of the exercises you don't have to be able to do as the exercises for as long as he she recommends in in the in the book.

To actually create phenomena and get results it's they're just good benchmarks uh to strive for right. So. I'm just putting that out there. But really the.

First book. Is you can spend 20 years on that. First book. And become tremendously powerful without tapping into cabal now for those of you who are coming to vibrational influence and a lot of the energetic classes.

I've gotten coming up if you're part of my mega program. I will show you how to work with the. Kabbalah in fact our coaching program we've got a whole a whole sequence of several months of training on the 72 names. But they've all had.

But they've all had the foundation. So they can go into it. So again. I'm just putting that out there you know training at your own risk right.

Uh let's see here. Chris. Harding similar to no. Matter how you were raised or previous police programs once you raise to a higher you see and feeling yeah okay.

All right. Cynthia hey good to see you. Savas karagianas from. Greece.

Greece checking in good to see you man. I think it's a man. I hope it's a man otherwise. I'm gonna feel really bad because.

I'm in. California. I have to be inclusive add your pronouns damn it. Anyway um.

Chris. Harding rather lower the water than raise the ridge amazing uh the message is hell for review keep it simple stupid yes. Um or keep it simple and sweet that's also that's a little less uh provocative uh let's see. Terry.

Atkins says thanks. David we're simple as like not trying exactly uh. Chris he said my spirit is busting out of my skin ooh that sounds painful uh applied to self is the best practice yes. Thank you.

Chris. Harney says thank you man uh brick. T what do you know about agorus it said that they can project their astral bodies into other people's bodies and infect them do. I know anything similar you want the truth yes.

I do um. I. I learned. I've learned some really cool in the past few months um.

I. I've learned it. I know how to do it. I'm still working on developing the skill at it.

But yeah. I know how to do it. I'm gonna. Liam.

I. I. I. I saw what you wrote here it's a little provocative.

I'm gonna go ahead and just. I'll it. I'll just show it what the hell it's. Labor.

Day. Paul this says thanks. Chris says no. Um.

Eric rounds. I was certain you mentioned three books did. I sleep through your. Third recommendation um no.

I mentioned that there were three books. But. I only gave titles to two if you do a if you do an. Amazon search for uh.

Franz. Barton all of his books will come up and the the. Second one is is uh the principle the practice of magical evocation which is all about contacting other planes talking to. Spirits all that stuff um and.

I don't play with that stuff. I. I know how to do it it's not for for most people especially if you haven't been through the. First book.

It's not something you should be playing with right. So it's it's it's it's fairly okay. And fairly safe actually if you go through the. First book.

And go to the. Third book. But when you start playing with you know going in spirits you know rituals to summon the planes of fire and thinking that gets a little dicey most people don't have the the sense of self uh and connection to. Divine.

Providence to really work with authority with those entities and planes and things like that. So there's a lot of training you should be doing before you start doing that kind of stuff let's see here um. Susan. Doris says coincidences are.

God's way of remaining anonymous. I could think of it that way hey. Pierre. Pierre de.

Aqua. I don't even understand. I'll just say hey hold on. Doctor how are you okay.

I'm good man good to see you uh jrab 14 do you have do you download come as metal thoughts or dialogues a lot of times they come as this gigantic mass of information that takes me years to explain. I understand it instantly instantly uh and how to do it. But. Then.

Translating that into something that people. I can transfer to other people takes the takes a while of course. I use there's certain compilistic work um processes. I use that actually translate that really quickly.

But a lot of it comes out in in just big downloads and. Then. I transfer it into dialogue um which is why. I tend to record everything.

I do because a lot of times the things that come out of my mouth didn't come from me um see here. Roderick hold on a. Second. I think.

I skipped a bunch of people again um [Music] brick. T says our. Spirits or intellect ethereal beings real yes. That's the quick short answer me in the cloud.

David do you do private sessions. I need help. I do not do private sessions anymore what. I do is when people call the office looking for a private session we have highly trained.

Affiliates and. Associates that we refer to. So depending on what the issue is we'll make we'll recommend the best person we think for the job okay. Uh.

Savas karegianus your videos about speed attraction and understand women. Health build the most fulfilling relationship ever you are great. God bless brother use it use it well. Lucy.

Pearl. I also bought identity by. Design and going through it. I'd like to know more about learning from videos again watch each video at least 10 times okay.

Um if there if it's a video that involves a lot of action watch it. Like. It's the. Most.

Fascinating video ever and absorb yourself in it until like when the person in the video. Moves your body spontaneously moves at the same time that's when you've got that's when you know you've got maximum mirror on engagement and. Then all the entire system is completely focused on integrating that material. Adam.

Lee. Brown favorite recent book. On persuasion and behavior um my favorite one most recently is called get the truth. I think it's and.

I think it's about. I can't remember the author oh wait. I have it right. Here it's by.

Philip. Houston. Michael. Floyd and.

Susan carnicero get the truth excellent book. Um thoughts on. Dr. Milton.

Erickson uh my thoughts on. Erickson change depending on on the context. So if you can give me a better a little bit more specific question maybe. I can give you a better specific a bit more specific answer brick.

T is astral projection any good or is it just weird dreams uh astral projection is as good as the person using it. Rick for the most part most of the stuff is real it's just that most people don't have a a consistent proven way of getting there and. So and they don't stick with it long enough because nobody's nobody's really look. You've got to remember that there's this most of the stuff that's out on the market is is surface level stuff and relies mostly on suggestion and that's not a bad thing because the suggestion is one of the very.

First practices that aspiring. Wizards and magicians had to learn you had to learn how to you had to learn how to use it you had to learn how to use it on yourself um and. Then it just gets deeper and deeper and deeper. But again there are there are secrets okay.

And it and a lot of them are people withholding information because if the truth is everybody can do these things you don't have to be gifted you just have to have the practices. But the other part is is that um in order to get the goodies you've got to sacrifice you've got to give up stuff like your fears and your obsessions and your guilts and your blames it requires you to clear your energy bodies your spiritual bodies of all the stories that you think are you and that's something that a lot of us just aren't ready to do you know. So there's there's there's a price for these things are real okay. Um.

I still take a very skeptical approach. But there are practices that will allow you to evolve your neurology to tap into these abilities. But a lot of them involve clearing which is why we spend. So much time with things like identity by.

Design and regression and things of that nature because you've got to clean up your not just for this life. But for you know everything that's that you you you have locked inside of you that you can't access. But you know who's there right. You all have these amazing abilities inside of you and you all have a mission to fulfill and we all and the universe is very patient.

So. However long or short it takes you to get there you'll get there you know. But you have to you have to earn it and you know it sucks that we have to earn it. But that's kind of how it works.

Alora hello. I've been working with the. Bankston method and. I have a question on attraction.

So if. I come across an old memory that's blocking me how can. I remove it um start with the with magic frame get uh use color breathing and spinning we call that the transformational. Triad you can find an abundance of videos of how to do that for free on our.

YouTube channel ethereal. Vixen how do. I figure out my dream job golden path. I adore the entertainment industry well we have a process for doing that.

But the best thing to do is inventory and audit every aspect of your life from the time you were a child look. At the things you were good at as a kid that made you just have more energy look. At the things that you love to do that everybody said you shouldn't do to find ways to get those back put all those things together look. At all your jobs and all the things you loved about your jobs all the things you hated and list those and as you list all the things you love and all the things that light you up and all the things that you feel passionate about note that all of these things are elements of a life.

Direction golden path is never about a job it's about a life path in which any number of jobs could be a part of it or the sum total right. So if you love the entertainment industry. Then what are the things about the entertainment industry that absolutely light you up like a. Christmas tree right.

Find ways to do more of those things right. Follow your passions follow your bliss right. You will notice as you go get on those paths that things will tend to line up there will also be obstacles those obstacles are there to give you the short the fast path of the fast track to becoming more of who you're designed to be we want to run away from those things we want to get away from those things. But actually the fastest way to evolve is to go through them right.

We went we as self-actualizing human beings we need to run towards the things that make us run away okay. Roderick midden says hi. David big fan recently. I found out.

I have to work on my basic chakra while watching your witness process video do you have any extra tips to improve the method or that's it um. I don't know which video you're referring to. Roderick um finding somebody who's who's trained in chronic healing is probably the best approach for because they're actually uh know how to work with the basic chakra um doing gray room on your basic chakra will help you um clean out the chakra. But.

Then you want to actually energize the chakra uh and. So drawing energy into it is a good way to energize it. But you want to make sure it's it's clean before you start energizing you always clean stuff before you energize okay. Uh is reincarnation real what are your experiences and theories in my experience brick reincarnation is real and there are many different ways that it can manifest it can manifest through genetic memory it can be a spiritual transference it can be um again it can it can it can actually memories can actually pass from.

Uncle to nephew depending on on what the gifts are and what the what what your. Ming is. But yeah probably the best book. That you can read that has it as close to what the the mystics actually say behind closed doors is.

Journey of. Souls you know. I don't remember the author. But if you.

Google it journey of. Souls they got it right. The guy did like 7 000 past life regressions he didn't believe in past life regression at all and after 7 000 regressions with different people he discovered they were pretty much all saying the same thing. So.

I would look. At that book. As a good model to begin your study are of past life and reincarnation. Adam.

Lee. Brown thoughts on. Dr. Milton.

Erickson again. Adam. I. I need a better question because.

I have many different thoughts on. Erickson some are not that good. So some are great uh narwalis evening. Dr.

D hope you will. I am. I am still hyper from my road trip. So.

I'm making the most of it uh and spending some time with my people on a lovely. Labor. Day uh let's see here good heart. I got the job honestly.

I think. I got it in the. First three seconds with the raised eyebrow smiled and a few. Echoes felt in sync with the interview the rest was easy boom way to go good congratulations this works if you play with it.

Liam for those of you who want this talk to you. David teaches this stuff in his classes ask him which ones oh thank you. Leah uh the door 117 what to do when you block yourself with the seriousness just curious change your posture change your breathing get playful and flirtatious gamify here's the secret gamify everything if you find ways to turn everything you want to do into a game it's gonna come faster and it's gonna be a lot more doable okay. Lucy says thank you you're welcome.

Rick. Miller what would you say. Kabbalah is at its roots besides. Jewish mysticism what exactly does that entail you know stereotypical work all right.

First of all whether you're whether you're talking about. Kabbalah. Tantra taoism uh. Sufism everything that works works based on universal principles that govern creation it's all about vibration it's all about entrainment it's all about rapport there is no.

Magic outside of you it's all it's all enlightened in you. So it doesn't matter what system you're using. Kabbalah is a system of correspondences that if you do the practices allow you to entrain with certain vibrational frequencies at higher and higher levels that create certain effects attributes if you will okay. And.

So the root of black magic is evil intent and selfish intent it doesn't matter whether it's. Kabbalah hermetics. Buddhism. Sufism doesn't matter right.

Black magic is what you do with it. So it's all about correspondence it's all about getting in touch with the higher power and getting as close a connection to that. Divine energy as possible and as you go up through those levels more and more of your abilities come online. But every vibrational frequency has two scales that you measure by it has a quantity scale and a quality scale.

Kabbalah is really about the frequencies that you tap into that produce certain phenomena at certain levels okay. Then there's quantity how much of it you actually have and what and what that can do. So at the root of all metaphysics it's all magic all spirituality is this idea of vibration and entrainment and those vibrations create certain the facts if you want to see this from a scientific perspective just go here on our on. YouTube.

Type in cymatics you'll see you'll see a really cool video set to music that shows the effect of cymatic frequencies on matter and energy and you'll see the moment of vibration passes through a medium the geometry changes right. And that's just the effect of a vibration that's what we call a quality scale each of these frequencies is going to have course that manifest in earth air water fire and combinations thereof. So that's really what we're talking about is a way of developing and and and training the different levels of our holographic nervous system to tap into these frequencies and channel them or store them or shape them and program them right. That's really what we're doing right.

Adam. Lee. Brown he keeps asking the same question. I'm going to give him the same answer.

So uh let's see here. I've had some memories passed from family that wasn't blood little bastard scared the hell out of me when the suicide memory popped out yeah sometimes that happens the thias thing if someone wants to learn hypnosis where to start could you name someone could you name someone. Steve. Pickett well.

Steve if you can get him to teach you he's a great he's very skilled hypnotist he's a little crazy. But he's a good guy very good hitting the test um if you want to come train come train with us uh identity by. Design would be where we start uh other good people in the industry is uh. Melissa tears uh.

Richard nongard. Jason. Lynette. Ken.

Guzzo uh. Mike. Mendel for sure he has some online stuff that's phenomenal a good friend of mine. So those would be some people.

I'd recommend right. Off the bat uh. Chris. Harding as you speak these truths lightly and enjoyably one can feel the alignments like a flower turns to light oh you language patterning you.

I am operator what is the posture for playful how do you get the posture of a state we don't remember being in um the best way to find that if you go to my video uh flirting for. Fun and. Profit or the mating dance. I talk about the um the the body language.

Continuum. So um. So. First of all seriousness honesty um anything that we consider to be trustworthy and loyal good is we we we term them upright.

Uh straightforward stand-up guy it's all about symmetry when we talk about people who are evil or deviant we talk we we we discuss we describe them in terms of um crooked bent. Twisted right. So you have these two extremes on the body language continuing that are hardwired into every human playful is a little bit naughty it's always has an asymmetrical uh an asymmetrical angle to it. So if you ever watch people that are are just teasing each other or playing around you can you'll see that their body tends to have a little bit more of an asymmetry to it when you adopt an asymmetrical frame as opposed to a deeply twisted or distorted frame you tend to get a little more playful a little bit more outgoing.

So that might help you um uh. I am a uh norwalis says there's some evidence that cabal actually comes from. Greece originally you know what here's the thing we can argue about the origins of something till the cows come home the bottom line is can you use it because at the end of the day it really doesn't matter where something comes from if you have no. Ability to do it right.

So again. I like to when. I have discussions and people bring up arguments or things like that. I always ask myself is it really matter right.

What what really is the important piece right. People would argue that. Kabbalah is. Egyptian people would have argue that it's that it's uh it was based it's from the.

Hebrew people it could it could be. Atlantean for all we know. God knows that. So much of of what happened what came to.

Egypt and. Greece came from is reported to have come from. Atlantis it doesn't really matter honestly it doesn't really matter where it came from as long as you can use it okay. Because when you get when you peel back the layers they're all doing the same stuff um.

Ari says how do. I protect myself from the thoughts and projections other people have on me clean up your it's always going to be the. First order of business. Second is connect and create a deep permanent relationship with.

Divine. Providence the closer you come to. Source the harder and more difficult it is for people to influence you that's where you start doesn't that you can have all the white light in the world if your connection to. God is tenuous and you're you're a subconscious mind is full of uh pressure points some they'll somebody will find a way in thought forms will find a way in entities will find a way in.

I'm not trying to scare you. But this is how it is right. Um. You need to clean up your this is this is and honestly the need to clean up our is kind of what drives all of us even though we want to to do better in life every time.

I ask someone do you want to manifest stuff today or do you want to clean up your 80 80 to 90 of the time the vast majority of people raise their hand for cleaning up why because at a deep level you know that has to come. First that has to be cleaned out before you can manifest what you want because manifesting is actually really easy if you're clean it's the stuff you're not cleaning up that blocks you right. So again. I hate to sound like a broken record.

But that's kind of how it is we actually did a whole lot. I just. I just spent five days teaching defense against the dark arts uh and. I gave them the entry level stuff to psychic self-defense which started with cleaning up your shirt cleaning up your create a relationship with the divine and the the stronger and deeper that vibrational energetic connection the more consistent you maintain it the more impervious you become okay.

See here let's see here um hope is this useful. I hope it's useful. I don't want to sound like. I'm uh like.

I'm preaching or or you know belittling people. I just want to make sure that people really understand what's going on uh let's see here okay. Adam. Lee says thanks for the feedback more specifically.

Dr. Milton. Erickson's use of. Storytelling how might we practice thinking speaking and responding in story form when it comes the problem with milk with.

Dr. Erickson's stories is that a lot of it relied on confusion and most people don't do ericksonian stories well the best way to uh if you want to do stories um. I think if you go to my channel type in uh cpi2 uh and stories um because. I have a whole course on hypnotic stories and how to how to use stories to embed things um kind of the way.

Erickson did. But without all the confusion um there's about 14 different techniques that you can embed within a story that will program people aside from the story itself there's two primary elements you need to make us. First of all when you talk about. Ericsson the.

First thing to understand is everybody talks about his storytelling in his language patterns. But that wasn't his real superpower. Erickson's real superpower was his ability to get such deep level rapport with a person's unconscious mind that the idea of of resisting him in any way was completely alien and his use of presuppositions which did not rely on stories. But on on actual assumptions that the nervous system makes was actually more powerful than his storywork um.

So we have a question called cpi2 that if you wanna if you want the mechanics of how to do really powerful hypnotic stories. I would check that out when you get a chance. I believe. I've uploaded a couple of videos on storywork in the channel you can you can look.

At them for free um if you want to do stories like. Erickson did stories um there was a guy by the name of. David. Gordon he has a course called therapeutic metaphors um he was probably one of.

Erickson's most devoted students when it came to story and metaphor. I find a lot of. Erickson's approaches to story not useful for the context in which. I use them in fact most of the time when.

I was researching storywork um. I came away even more frustrated than. I was going in and. I realized that if.

I was gonna if there were if. I was going to find a course that would teach me what. I needed to know about story. I was going to have to create it and.

So. I went to the. Neuroscience. I went to the academic studies.

I went to the social psychology studies one of the big influences on my story work was a guy named. Dr. Eric. Knowles uh and his theory on.

Omega strategies and. So in our course we have this thing called. Omega stories which are stories that actually remove resistance to influence it's really cool um. But that's a good book.

If you want to see the um the ways to tell you neurologically irresistible story. The the science and the research is in his book. Resistance and persuasion by. Dr.

Eric. Knowles. So um. I hope that helps you uh.

Dave's son hey. David feeling like. I can't meet the right. Person to have a relationship with any suggestions start with identity by.

Design and or self-mastery supercharger. Then get a copy of soulmate secrets and top that off with attraction. Mastery or rapid attraction secrets and you will have. Jedi level skills in attracting the kinds of people you actually want um because the.

First part of that is identifying what actually makes you happy not what you think makes you happy and a lot of that goes in is taught in the soulmate secrets of course uh. Dave's son uh uh. I'm gonna answer that will couchman do you have any tips for dealing with angry or aggressive people. I fear conflict.

So. I wish. I knew the best way to do it is. Echo their words uh people people look.

At me like. I'm nuts when. I tell them this. But when you actually.

Echo a person's words it actually starts to make them feel heard and understood a lot of people get angry and aggressive because they don't feel like they people really understand them when they think in order to give them what they want when you actually um. Echo somebody's words and you actually get more angry at what they're mad at than they are they actually calm down really really quick. So. But don't believe me just go do it you know sincerely.

Echo a person's words from the with the intention of wanting to understand them and watch how rapidly they calm down okay. Be shookath. David how do we deal with those people who refuse to converse normally you know the ones who only accuse scream and emotionally manipulate. I try to reason with them.

But that never helps that's right. Leave don't don't try to reason with people who refuse to be reasoned with right. But always ask yourself what's their agenda what what is their purpose in trying to do emotion manipulate you what are they trying to get right. And they make a decision if it's something you're willing to give them right.

I would leave. I would just turn my back on them and say. I'll talk to you when you can be when you can talk to me like a human being in fact one a great book. That can give you a lot of ideas on how to do that is actually a book.

Called talk to me like. I'm someone you love like. I don't remember the author's name. But it's a great book.

On exactly uh the kinds of things you're you're describing. I highly recommend that book. It's a great place to start that. Echo technique.

Adam. Lee how might we think in terms of influencing. Via questions and simple story form oriented speaking um you have to think about what question would cause them to answer in a way you want them to it's it's a it's a it's a kind of a um a 50 000 foot view. But you have to think about if you get if you want people to want to do what you want them to do the best thing to do is use the emotional bonding checklist which is all about questions the emotional bonding checklist the emotional motivation checklist will cut to the heart of the emotional reasons for why people do anything uh from there you want to go into the study of how to soften your language.

So your questions don't sound like or um don't sound like interrogations and. Then if you can do simple metaphors simple isomorphic metaphors where the hero of the story is very very similar to the person you're speaking to. Then the person will identify and and be transported by the story and is far more likely to go along with what you want. So there's three things you want to face you want to play with there you want to soften you want to use the emotional bonding checklist and you want to use isomorphic metaphors hey.

Ashley how you doing uh. Mark. Michelle. I want winning lotto numbers how can.

I get there quick. I have no. Idea uh. I do not do winning lotto numbers that's something that.

Lynn. Buchanan could probably help you with he's a very famous remote viewer and remote influencer. Matthias thinking if someone wants to learn hypnosis where to start could you name someone. I named five people earlier uh.

But. I'll name them again. Jason. Lynette.

Ken. Guzzo uh. Richard nongard. Mike.

Mandel and me. Steve pickus is a good hypnotist. But. I don't know that he teaches hypnosis anymore he's more of a vagina mechanic now.

So. I'm sorry as. Last. I heard uh let's see.

Brick. T what are. Hindi deities calling whatever you can think of they're created by mystical people who okay. Okay.

Again the deities don't matter they really don't the what matters are the principles that you use to interact and and attune with these frequencies and levels of consciousness the deities represent the mantras um there may be a story or a intended meaning in the words or they may be kabbalistic type or tantric type phrases that have certain vibrational correspondences to them it really depends on and sometimes um if a guru gives you a mantra and it has his name in it um it's a way to siphon off your energy every time you use that. Mantra he gets his energy gets built up. So you gotta be again who's the person teaching you and what is their explanation for the mantras okay. There are.

Buddhist mantras there are. Dallas mantras there are kabbalistic mantras. I'm sure there are. Aramaic and.

Sufi mantras you know um do you have a connection to those associate have you made associations if you don't have associations. Then you're not going to get nearly as much um result in a short amount of time as quick a time you have to develop report connections with these frequencies and these principles and these levels of consciousness and have a. Clear. Channel that allows you to express them right.

Be success they provoke. Then conveniently. Gaslight or forget what if no. Contact isn't an option these people are family and.

I don't want to give up on them. But they end up triggering me clean up your right. People can only trigger something that's already inside of you if you remove it from inside of you. Then they lose their power over you it's correspondence if.

I have a tuning fork that's tuned to the key of. C and. I hit it and. I hold it close to a tuning fork that's also.

Keen to see that tuning fork will vibrate if you have crap inside of you vibrating at a certain frequency and somebody vibrating at that frequency gets within your range it's going to trigger you it's physics. So you want to be immune to that stuff you got to work on yourself most of the most powerful things you'll ever learn or do will start with you okay. If you can't remove them. Then you have to start by making yourself invulnerable or as as bulletproof as humanly possible it starts by cleaning up your it also and.

Then it comes and. Then it comes down to recognizing the pattern of what they're doing and refusing to be triggered by it refusing to buy into it right. It's an it's it's very powerful. But you've got to have the cojones to do it one of the things.

I was. I just spent the. Last five days teaching defense against the dark arts which is all about how to deal with social predators everything from the classic narcissistic to pimps human traffickers uh child molesters and and the really dark stuff and one of the things that. I kept coming back to and.

I'm gonna. I'm gonna say it here is you have to have the will to stand up you have to have the will to influence right. If you you have to operate under the assumption that no. One's coming to save you.

But you and you have to be proactive you have to recognize things and take actions immediately that are in your best interests and other people won't like you have to be on you have to be okay. With that because if you're not willing to protect and uphold your boundaries there are lots of people ready to run your life for you right. And that's again one of the most challenging things to teach. I can teach you techniques all day long.

But if you're you're your willingness to use. Then crumbles like a house of cards the minute somebody gets angry or says it uses a name that's derogatory and and triggers you you might as well not know it. So you've got to become mentally and emotionally tougher part of that is cleaning up your the other part of it is finding ways to become to develop your will. So one of the things one of the suggestions.

I give to every single person who comes to my class they don't always like it because every a lot of a lot of the people come to that class are looking for somebody to save them they're looking for the. Magic. Bullet the. Magic.

Bullet is the is your guts your your heart your willingness to stand up regardless of the outcome right. The. Magic. Bullet is is the will the will to influence the will to stand up you know the will to lose friends in order to to to stand in the light of your truth you know that it's it's it's not easy if we're easy everybody would do it that's why we're here on trauma.

School. Earth to learn how to do these things and and trans transcend them right. So one of the things. I tell people to do is get enrolled in a martial arts course it doesn't have to be mine getting we got enrolled in a good martial arts course where you actually have to deal with confrontation you actually have to put up a fight [Music] right.

Find a good instructor someone who will take you step by step. But it's more often than not it is the willingness to fight more. So than the ability that keeps you safe. But knowing that you can physically back up anything that is emotional any emotional confrontation that you have goes to tremendous tremendous way in neutralizing the threats both emotionally and and verbally okay.

I can't stress it enough really can't clean up your train your will okay. Roderick. Maryland says thank you. David you're welcome and.

Michael. Newton is the author thank you yes. Um okay. Let's see here.

Hector have you ever done. Ayahuasca. I have never done. Ayahuasca nor do.

I think. I ever will uh. I hear tremendously good things about. Dolores.

Cannon. So. I would say she's probably a good source for past life regression um my sources on on. Newton's work say that he's got them based on their mystical experiences from.

Cross mystical disciplines from taoism to. Buddhism to. Christian mysticism um that. Newton's got it.

Newton's got it right. Based on on 7 000 independent past life regressions confirmed by practitioners of mystical. Traditions that. I know are highly competent.

So. I would. I would start there and. Then factor in.

Canon's work and see where they where they agree and where they disagree and. Then explore why they disagree narwalis says. I've had some memories pass from feeling that wasn't blood. I think we talked about that okay.

Okay. How can. I explain demonic energy to. Christianity leaning demonic energy is demonic energy um there are demons demons do exist uh it's just they're not as uh it's more likely to be possessed by a ghost or a spirit than it is uh a demon demons run-of-the-mill.

Christians born against tend to classify anything that could possess you as demonic anything that's not saintly or. Angelic as demonic um there's actually a very very broad range of. Supernatural entities besides demons who do exist um. So you know it really depends on the um it really depends on the knowledge base of the particular.

Christian that you're communicating with how how how informed are they right. Art. David is your friend the young him says aged. Marcel.

Klein really the one of the best images in the world he is super young how is he. So good um. I've. I've hung out with.

Marcel a few times a lot of people really like uh his hypnosis is he the best in the world he thinks he is right. Uh he's certainly accomplished a lot he grew up watching my videos. So you know um you asked you know. I don't really like to speculate you know.

I. I know a lot of people who claim the best be one of the best hypnotists in the world. Marcel's got some skills for sure is he one of the best really depends on who you're comparing to right. Um.

But he's a good guy as far as. I know. Anyway um let's see here be shook. If.

I'm the. First person to blame myself look. At myself when it comes to taking accountability and. So people yeah yeah again um for those of you who.

I'm not. I'm not pointing the fingers at. B. But.

I. I she's she's very typical of a certain quality of people that are selected and targeted um for being beaten up and bullied either verbally or emotionally. So one of the things. I want you guys to do is educate yourself there's a couple of books that.

I want you to get and. I will put them in the chat for those of you who um want to learn about these things is one is called character disturbance the other is called in sheep's clothing you can get them on. Amazon these are things that will um the gentleman. I think.

I can't. I'm really. I'm really bad at authors today for some reason uh. I think it's.

George. George something. Anyway the ability to a lot of the differences between character disturbance and people with high degrees of neuro neuroticism now neuroticism is actually a desirable trait the problem is is that people it's on it's on a spectrum you have character disturbance which are people with progressively less and less and less and less conscience they're kind of at war with. Society.

Then you have the neuroticism scale which people with progressively more and more and more and more and more and more and more conscience. So the problem with people high on the neurotic the neuroticism scale is that they blame themselves for everything somebody stubs their toe they feel guilty about it and. So people on high on the character disturbance scale will. Target people hiring a neuronicism scale because they're easy to manipulate because they have guilt and blame that isn't actually theirs.

But they take it on. So once again the formula. I mentioned earlier about cleaning up your and reassessing what you're actually responsible for versus what you're not is going to be the fastest way to move yourself back up the neuronicism scale towards a balanced level of neuroticism and socialization uh. So.

I hope that helps. But the books will help you a lot okay. Because nobody's broken we've just been socialized and we've uh in a certain way and we've internalized that level of socialization to a certain degree. But it's malleable um sinisa malinix's old world ethereal.

Vixen what are your thoughts on the left-hand path and necromancy as a way to fill up our energy on convince energy vampire oh. I know vanity vampires walk amongst us here's the thing okay. You talk about the left-hand path and necromancing what you're talking about is magical practices used to hurt people okay. Um.

I don't. I don't. Advocate that. I think it's important to know how to do it as the ways of protecting yourself or to recognize when you're being attacked.

But as a way of life. I. I. I recommend you move away from that that is not going to raise your vibration when you drop the body you're going to go to a lower vibrational plane that's not why you came right.

Certainly if people are curious about those things and you know this everything's here everything's allowed here you know you can you can level up or you can level down um left-hand path necromancy again they're all just studies there's studies of magical practices it's what you do with them that really defines you okay. Um see here being the. First thing you want to start with for my stuff is start with self. Master supercharger get yourself to an identity by design class and.

Then just keep doing the drills okay. If you need to work with somebody. Then um in our. AMA programs in our masterminds we have lists of people who love helping other people we have some very very competent highly trained people that can guide you through processes okay.

But you have to be proactive about it okay. Having fun says hello you teach a technique in any of your courses which. I could heal my optic nerve or ophthalmic artery it's slowly degrading my business start with uh start with magic frame. Then go to color breathing and spinning energy spinning and see where that takes you okay.

Um if you if you need more work after that see one of my people. So one of my my train regression people and they can start guiding you through some really cool processes that can try to help you reverse that uh let's see here lots of people here hold on a. Second um lots of people on today let me see how many people actually have. I haven't actually looked at the numbers uh.

I don't see anything. I don't let's see here let's see here um um how do you deal with an aggressive. GateKeeper um find a way to befriend the obstacle uh this is for. Alex.

P aggressive. Echo their words um use your report skills use your spirit influence um and be playful if they're aggressive right. C. Rick.

Miller at creative okay. That's for that's a that's for somebody else okay. Um yes. It's useful and great reminders cool.

Alex how to create mixed. States you told in your class every emotional state has its own body posture. So the question is if we hit happy. State how can we add attractive emotional to that.

Happy. State have you it's really simple you just ask the right. Question when. I have.

I ever been happy and attractive at this have ever known have. I ever had proof that. I was attractive to somebody and how did that make me feel could ever feel attracted how did that feel step into your happy. State isolate the color that goes with attractive breathe it through your body and allow your physiology to change slightly as the new energy is integrated into the physiology.

Terry. Atkins influence that doesn't help me uh on a. Second. I'm having it bounce around here.

Kareem says. Rick. I put the word in quotes because of how it's used not because. I use it okay.

Um your consistsman says let me guess your power animal it's a donkey. Anyway um. Nathan tiles the world can you shift gears a little and talk about. Kundalini.

I'm curious specific about reports of unwanted. Kundalini. Awakening and its potential negative side effects on purses not ready um there's a great book. Called.

Kundalini. Rising by. Gopi. Krishna who had a spontaneous.

Kundalini. Awakening and spent years trying to get it under control these things do happen um and if someone's not ready for them it can wreak havoc until you get a until you get a handle on it okay. In fact one of the. Last trainings.

I thought there was a lady there who had a spontaneous. Kundalini. Awakening due to an injury and um every time we did an energy exercise she had all kinds of of uh symptomologies and things coming out. So yeah it can actually it can absolutely happen it doesn't happen as often as people uh like to think and there are and oh it's really going all it's really going to do um for most people is not loose that they're going to have to deal with.

So as long as you have good techniques for dealing with emotional um you can and know how to move that energy where it's supposed to go. Then you can navigate that stuff fairly well not my not my my my my focus. But there are people out there who that is what they do uh. Glenn uh.

Professor. Glenn ah. I can't believe. I'm drunk.

Blanks on. So many names today um. Glenn. Morris has a program cap.

Kap called. Kundalini. Awakening process he successfully before he passed away guided over 100 people to. Awakening their.

Kundalini safely he has uh many certified instructors and. Senior instructors who could probably help you if you're dealing with spontaneous good in the. Awakening the one that comes to mind off the top of my head is this top guy is. Teo senko uh if you if you.

Google. Teo or. Kundalini. Awakening process because stuff should come up uh.

Robert. Bruce had a good book. On psych. South effect yep most psychic self-defense books only work as well as you are clean on your at your emotional and energetic levels is there is there an.

NLP technique to get deep onto the emotional space that would be the that would be. Rapport skills that would be rapport report training. So tires theophanus. I've noticed that when doing polarity.

State. Control drills the most frequent stage just automatically now engage which is cool now how do you start shifting states without really contaminating them you just use a you use a breaker. State between them um. But if you've if you've taken the time to really anchor the states um you can actually you can actually shift from one to the other pretty seamlessly by shifting your physiology uh in killer influence that's actually what we do we spend the.

First half a day teaching how to shift. States through physiology going from hakalau to master. Commander to. Rockstar meta frame to open heart trust trigger back to metaphrase.

I mean. I mean you just do it in seconds. Then you layer on the polarity drills. So you have a you have a.

Synergy and a hole that's greater than some of the parts uh creative. Raven. Matthias good question that would help me with masculine male clients okay. Rick.

Miller right. But that's not how it's read in the new originally in the. Greek note how things of nature are okay. There must be a different conversation okay.

Um let's see here creative. Raven. Rick. I'm looking okay.

Click the little blue button and see where that takes us uh. Nathaniel uh let's see. Nathan says missed you. David what's your thoughts on going monk mode you're gonna have to elaborate on that.

Nathaniel. I'm not sure exactly uh what you're talking about uh. Rick. Miller says wow really necromancy is using to hurt peeps.

I'm not just calling up the debt well yeah how do you think what do you call making a zombie that's not exactly a pleasant thing to do to people um a lot of times uh. Spirits are called to to curse people to torment people it's again it's not the best approach. I would take. I need a serious identity change that's frightening that must be a good girl aspect within me screen yeah again be you're not you're not broken and you're not alone there's many many many many many of us out there who have been where you are who are probably still there and maybe even a little bit worse it's just identifying it and.

Then really making the decision to do it to to be different you know um. Adam. Lee. Brown says have you heard of anyone changing narcissist mind you can change narcissists.

Minds all the time you just have to play to their play to their vulnerabilities you just have to make it think it's their idea and it's going to make them the hero and they'll tend to jump at it um yeah narcissist guys. Believe. It or. Not narcissists are amazingly easy to manipulate once you know they're narcissistic and you have the skills any and you have the awareness of what those their hot buttons are it's.

So easy. I spend most of my time managing people high on the narcissistic. Spectrum. Sarah.

Harden my mom is everything my best friend my support and she recently found a lump under her arm and it's cancer please any advice or help uh. First of all get vetted by a good medical doctor that you trust and. Then ask if it's okay. If you um integrate other modalities into the treatments most cancer is has an emotional basis and if you can effectively discharge the negative emotions the repressed emotions the tumors tend to subside.

So if you want to do stuff on your own after you've been vetted by a medical doctor start with color breathing. Magic. Frame transformational. Triad and energy spinning with the energy spinning and.

I think you'll be in many cases pleasantly surprised with the results that you get we've had tremendous tremendous um tremendously good response with all forms of. CIS lesions tumors with that approach if you still need more work reach out to one of my people for regression work um and energy work specifically. Bankston energy really good for cancer um narwalis have you ever encountered holosync yes. Ken.

Kate. I wish. I was a monk well there are certain advantages to being a monk and some not. So good ones.

But. Anyway uh how might we work on being indifferent in the setting and environment of a romantic relationship um how might we work change a posture change your breathing and remember that um there's again it sounds kind of trite um. But remember no. How no.

Matter how cute the other person is somebody's tired of sleeping with them right. Um just ask yourself all right. They're hot what else do they have going for them you know there's lots of ways to to take on an indifference set indifference it really depends on on what cards they're playing with you uh. Nathaniel what would you recommend to study for boyfriend.

Destroyer patterns we will be ethical. I know karma's of it you know what um my experience has been that when you amp up the physical and emotional attractiveness they conveniently forget about their significant other in many cases uh if you tell stories about people who thought they found the right. Person and all of a sudden out of nowhere this the. Stars aligned and out came the person that they knew was the actual one and everyone else just kind of faded off into the background because they realized this was the right.

Person for you you know um those kinds of stories go a long way in priming people to behave a certain way. But honestly amping up emotional appeal uh and physical attractiveness um is really the the the the. Kryptonite for that you know uh representing the the adventure and the the emotional highs and lows that people fantasize about go a long way you don't actually have to do boyfriend destroyers a lot of times or girlfriend destroyers as the case may be right. Um.

You just have to be more appetizing and people will find their own reasons for acting on their drives. Court. Curtis how do you feel about improv for developing hypnosis skills. I think they are excellent.

I would start with method acting for the state control work and. Then transition into. Improv. Angelica atacaris asked chakra yoga by an idea.

Joseph has a good book. For. Kundalini. Awakening his own yes.

Most of the stuff by. Nadia. Judith is good. I have a lot of her books especially when.

I was younger. I read a lot of her stuff uh what is the different what is the. Kundalini teacher's name again uh. Glenn.

Morris or actually. Teo. Semco. Glenn passed away many years ago.

But he wrote some great books and developed a whole system of. Kundalini weighting. But. Teo semko.

I think is the senior instructor now at least truth says love this love you back uh let's see here oh let's see here. So. Ivy bolt is asking me would be getting a brace change my personality since changing the structure of my teeth would change my facial structure it absolutely could um. I would be more concerned about having bone removed.

Then. I would be about getting braces um. But if you're. But here's the thing if you're moving more towards symmetry it will probably help you now one of the things that that we do know is that if you have a lot of space between your teeth it means you have a lot of extra gin.

So getting braces to bring your teeth closer together. I don't know how. I can't imagine it would. I can't imagine that it would cause you to lose your.

Jane um. But it may change the way you access it. So. I would say.

I think it would definitely change something would that something be noticeable that. I don't know. I would be more concerned if you were getting teeth removed or getting jaw surgery uh. Gucci.

Gucci. Percy how can. I get go let go of my old self thought start with identity by. Design and or self.

Mastery supercharger ethereal. Vixen says manipulating a narcissist is easy. I've dated one flatter them put them on a pedestal and persuade them they think it thinks yeah exactly what. I said very good uh sitaris.

I wonder what your opinion is on any kind of influence without a person's permission is a sort of psychic attack even yes. Technically if you want to go by the letter of the definition any form of unwanted or unwelcome influence can be considered a psychic attack. But again psychic attack is perspective you know listening to somebody yell at somebody from across the street can be considered a psychic attack on the person listening not the person being yelled at you know again you you live in a world where you can control your intentions. But you can't control other people's interpretations and and that's just how it is.

So you know figure out for yourself where your your karma and your culpability begin and end and stick to your stick to your boundaries because there will be many other people with different interpretations um brick. T do ethereal beings have morality or personality probably. Sarah. Harden thank you.

Adam. Lee. Brown is there a list for all the influentials you find list. Worthy we only we only lists of influence drills that.

I use are the ones in my products. Adam um certainly there are lots of people with books and there may be drills in them. But um yeah. I would recommend you grab some of our courses and start there and.

Then there we have a very extensive reading list. So if you want all of the source materials that we use um that that that book. List is probably close to 200 or more books. So it's a lot.

So bucci's asking how can. I let go of my old self-belief start with identity by. Design if you don't have it if you can't afford identity by. Design get the transformational.

Triad. Magic. Frame color breathing and energy and energy spinning use those on your beliefs um when you can afford it get identity by. Design.

Renegade reframing uh and it uh hidden. Laws of. Attraction those three courses will give you just about everything you need to change any belief you want uh let's see here kikin this man is a genius. I swear thank you for letting us listen for free.

I'll bang you back someday. David. Pay. It.

Forward brother tell lots of people. Point them at the channel and let them know they can come to get some answers uh let's see here that's from the. Alfie movie. I have no.

Idea what movie that is. But. Anyway. Louis.

Philip 9 we can show others the way. But it's up to them to change leading by example is the best way be the change you want to see yes. I agree. Nur just a have you ever encountered resistance when you started working with people yes.

Yeah. I used to develop when. I believed in resistance. I got it all the time when.

I stopped believing in resistance it went away if. So how did you deal with this doubt with it. I think. I just answered that right.

Tap into what people actually want and you almost never get resistance tap into what people think they want they'll fight you see. Andre can you influence someone to like you again if they are around you. But the verbal communication between you is close given enough time and effort anything is possible under it you just got to have the right. Tactics and the right.

Techniques and strategies to employ okay. Angelica adakari says how check for compatibility through face reading one of the features you prioritize here's the deal if you want to use face reading for uh matchmaking the more physical trait facial traits you have in common the higher the higher the probability of a compatible match the only way to do it is to find traits that complement one another. So if you have someone who's very nurturing uh and someone who's very um assertive that can work on a complementary level. But the old school wisdom is the more facial traits they have in common the more likely they are to be compatible uh get smart ass how do you stop stagnation move it out reach in and move it out move your body um clear your ship spinning works great what would you recommend someone what would you recommend someone that wants to learn hypnosis okay.

I'm not sure if you're asking me who. I recommend or can. Christian can. I think.

I actually answered that that question a couple of times earlier you might want to reference back to earlier in the video or ask a more concise or clear question. Angelica arakari no. Matter what books you read here in. India they say the path to.

Kundalini jaguar or. Awakening must always be done under the guidance of a guru or mentor yes. In a perfect world. But every now and.

Then just happens and. Then you you're kind of on your own most most. Kundalini way things do happen under the under the the guidance. But what was asked about earlier um every now and.

Then people have these spontaneous. Awakenings and they have no. Guru or they have known that they can follow uh. I have a phone call let me just jump on this for a minute and.

Then. I'll be right. Back foreign sorry about that folks when the.
