Title: Secrets of Human Influence; For Success, Wealth Health and Happiness
File Name: XlieMqf9IdM.txt
Video Id: XlieMqf9IdM
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XlieMqf9IdM

Hello there my friends this is dr david checking in we got about four minutes until zero hour i am excited to be amongst you once again uh it's you know this is my little pre-game warm-up my little pre-game administrative stuff right. Now remember if you this is your. First time with planet david remember that we don't do standard 90-minute webinars our webinars are very content heavy they're focused on very uh actionable things things that you can take away out into the field tonight and start seeing the effects for getting what you want now people always have questions and people always are want to know about things that may not be germane to the topic we're on tonight's topic is about influence influencing humans influencing yourself in an ethical honest uh manner that absolutely gets everything you want by showing other people how to get what they want by doing what you want it's a very powerful system it's stood the test of time now you're going to have questions and that's cool i love questions. But a couple of things.

First and foremost if you have a question please i meant we have people monitoring chats if i can answer your question and it doesn't take us too far off track i will. However if i don't see your question because as people pile in at the. Last minute and the questions fly by at the speed of light i may often miss your question keep asking it that's the. First way to get your question answered the.

Second way to get your question answered is there will be veterans of planet david in both chats both on our zoom group and our our youtube family they if they have if you have experience my my my veterans if you have experience answering these questions or have experience dealing with these problems feel free to uh to chime in your input or your answers and how you use our techniques to solve those problems the. Third way to get your question answered at the end of this video there will be a a few minutes while the the video processes and the replay will be immediately available on our youtube channel if you go to the comments section below this video replay and you type in your question i make it a practice to review those chats uh for days and weeks afterwards making sure that all the questions are answered and the the people get pointed in the direction they need to get the information they they came for that's my commitment to you now obviously i'll be logging on right. At four o'clock i'll go through some other administrative stuff that needs to get out of the way. But one of the things i really want to stress to you uh this is not going to be a short 90 minute webinar where i just say buy my stuff buy my stuff buy my stuff buy my stuff and if you just buy my stuff you'll get everything you need we're not going to do that there is an offer connected to this particular presentation there's three stages to the webinar during the.

First webi. First stage we're going to give you as much actionable useful practical information that you can take out into the world and use right. Away the. Second half is going to be the offer we put together for you and.

Then at the end of part three of the webinar we'll circle back to the foundations we laid in the. First half or the. First part of the webinar and we'll continue to teach content that is designed specifically to the people on this webinar tonight why you came what you want to get out of it and we will drill those things together until you feel that you have a pretty good handle on those things that's my commitment to you okay. If um and here's my my.

Last little thing before we log we we actually move into the better part of the webinar if politically incorrect language colorful metaphors swearing or the word boobies offends you this is probably not the best use of the. Next three hours make sure that you have lots of stuff to write with make sure you have things to write on i mean i know you guys want to type on your tablets and that's cool. But the more you physically write these things out the more powerfully they take the more experiences you have and that's our job here is to give you the experience do the drills get the skills we're gonna we're gonna get right. Into content we're gonna teach again i'm gonna repeat a lot of this in just a minute because people are piling in at the.

Last minute and some of you may have missed it in fact it is four o'clock now. So why don't i just go ahead and stop sharing put on the video and say hey how's everybody doing today welcome to secrets of human influence for success health wealth attraction and happiness i'm dr d and i'm here to teach you some of the most powerful human influence skills i've ever come across and certainly many of the world's leading authorities on persuasion and influence have felt the same way. So just um before i get into more of the administrative stuff just. So i understand y'all better let me ask a question how many of you by uh by typing in the chat are.

First. First timers how many of you are brand new to planet david go ahead and type in the chat your name where you're checking in from and uh if this is your. First time or not okay. If you are a veteran of planet david i'm going to be leaning on you heavily throughout the course of this webinar uh if you've been in planet david six months or longer and have actually used these things out in the field please type your name how long you've been in planet david and uh which material specifically you used type that in the chat go ahead and do that now i'll wait okay.

Here let me see dragonfly is new cool excellent we got a healthy it looks like we got a nice healthy mix of new people hold on a. Second you know what i just realized i didn't have my record on let me just do this really quick hey now we're good okay. So. First and foremost let me go back to my earlier disclaimer if politically incorrect language colorful metaphors swearing or the word boobies offends you this is probably not the best use of your time my goal here is to give you hardcore real word proven solid actionable information information that you can take out into the world and put to use immediately right.

And one of the cool things about persuasion and influence and a lot of people have some baggage around this subject. But let's be honest in a world governed by the rule of law and in many cases by the law of the jungle the ability to get somebody to willingly eagerly happily do what you want them to do is the ultimate survival skill it's the ultimate business and success and relationship skill. So whether you know regardless of what word you know how you feel about influence techniques you have to understand that everything human beings do is about effective communication and that's all influence really is is effective communication right. Is there anybody who doesn't want to be able to communicate more effectively right.

How many people would like to communicate more effectively right. Would that be a useful skill right. So i want to i just want to put this out there is that you've heard many of you heard the old chestnut that persuasion is just a tool and that can be used for good and it can be used for bad and that's true enough to be true. But you know what um there are there are villains out there there are people who use these skills in a way that's not a win-win in a way that leaves people worse off than uh they were found and.

So one of the things that i want to really stress i'm going to i'm going to change the angle on my camera a little bit here uh which which one do you guys like better you like the long shot the medium shot or the middle shot what do you think which one you like better you like the middle okay. Let's see one more time okay. I'll do this one more time i just i like to play i like to have a good time. So.

So this is the middle shot this is the long shot this is the close-up which one do you guys like you like the close-up okay. All right. I'm probably going to bounce around. Anyway just because one of the and for how many of you by the way uh are are in some form of influence and persuasion job in other words where you have to actually get people to want to do the things you want them to do anybody just type in the chat right.

Because if you're not interested in influencing human you really shouldn't be here right. Okay. So one of the. First things i want to share with you this is a free tactic that i actually learned by a lady named vanessa van edwards who did a very intensive study on of all things ted talks one of the things that that she discovered was people who are very successful as ted speakers use a lot of hand gestures now how does that relate to what we're doing.

First and foremost remember i asked you which of these shots you like better right. Now most of you do hybrid presentations you've done presentations for the. Last 24 months the fact that you can now see my hands makes you act makes me actually much more open and trustworthy the fact that you can see my gestures allows you to come to be to feel more open and understanding of what i'm saying and. So this is something that i want to share with you for those of you who do any kind of zoom presentations when you present show your hands and if you can see and if you can see the gesturing like obviously my virtual background gets in the way a little bit.

But this is a very powerful way to become come across more authentically more dynamically and and eliminate boredom and zoom fatigue the human body likes motion the human mind loves activity and. So the more active and animated you are when you're presenting the more charismatic you become does that does that make sense even if it doesn't don't believe me test it see what happens right. Now a lot of people like to see my smiling face and i get that. But i wanted to give you that you know why i was asking because i like to be here.

But some people want it close up. But if you're close the closer up you get it's harder to see my hands you see that. So you're going to see me bouncing around a little bit. But the gestures are really important for those of you who are in my advanced mega platinum classes in my unlimited influence coaching classes you guys know even more powerfully what we can do with hands in any form of interaction and communication if you're interested in those classes my veterans are happy to tell you about that um.

So. First and foremost for those of you who are new one of the questions that commonly comes up is who is dave dr david snyder and why should i care. First and foremost i am an actual doctor of chinese acupuncture and oriental medicine um i graduated my doctor i got my doctorate in uh let me read i'll just put it on the screen for you. So as you can see here this is my copy of my diploma from pacific college of oreo medicine i've had a practice in solana beach where i've specialized in treating physiological illness that is rooted in repressed emotions since 2005.

So i've been in practice almost 17 years give or take. But we're here about influence and persuasion. So let's talk about that for the past five or six years probably more i've been voted among the top two nlp trainers of the year by globalgurus.org we've been i've held that number to position number one position pretty much for the. Last seven years i've authored over 15 different products on various forms of human influence actually more than that now.

But you can verify those okay. Everything from how to sell better how to attract the love of your life and influence them how to heal people through the use of your words and language and energies i've done very many forms of nlp and hypnotherapy trainings as well. So we have lots and lots and lots of product that's available to teach you how to take these skills to another level this is a copy of a letter i received from globe global gurus and it says here dr david it is with great pleasure to announce that your training program killer influence has been chosen by global peers and ranked as the number one best program in the world for nlp and if you click on this link here you'll see that yes. In fact um and what i was actually our course killer influence was named the number one training of all of these now i didn't even know that i was in the running for this uh we were voted number one training product in 2020 i believe it was.

But we are also voted once again in 2022 i never i think they do this like every couple of years. So i just wanted to share this with you and one of the reasons i'm sharing this with you is because much of the technique much of the training and the information that you're going to be learning today comes from this course and and uh subsequent iterations of it right. So a lot of the information that we're going to be working with today also comes from my martial arts background i have a lifelong martial artist i have a 10th degree black belt in okinawan kempo karate uh fourth degree black belt in shaolin kuntao. Second degree black belt in kosho kempuru.

First to be black belt in fonkuru jujitsu i'm also a certified instructor in uh in combat systema single manuscrima and modern arnis and as you can see here i like to make a joke i've got more energy healing credentials than mcdonald's sells hamburgers i've been a reiki master since before reiki was cool i'm an advanced chronic healer and chronic psychotherapist as well as an advanced dna theta healer i'm trained in the bankston energy healing method which is one of the most powerful manifesting tools i've ever discovered and. Finally i've got i've got many different qigong systems under my belt no. Pun intended i've been studying kabbalah and hermetics i've been studying kabbalah since before madonna ever heard of kamala. So i'm very much a prima donna as you might say right.

When you look. At all this stuff one of the things that often comes to mind is. So what what do all these things have in common and and that is pattern recognition pattern recognition everything human beings do everything human beings think everything the way they move has a structure to it those structures repeat those patterns repeat and when you begin to understand how to recognize those patterns and. Then not just recognize them.

But actually use them human behavior human influence not only becomes very very predictable it also becomes very very malleable you can make people want to do the things that you want them to do and they'll like you for it because you know how to link what they want and need to what you want to need in a way that's natural and normal and desirable for them. So pattern recognition this this somewhat esoteric skill is actually at the core of all the things that human beings do. So when you ask what does all this have to do with human influence pretty much everything guys pretty much everything i'm going to jump out of my powerpoint really quick. But let's just make sure that we're in the right.

Place and i want to do again because some of you are new i want to do some housekeeping really really quick. So once again just to reiterate um if politically incorrect uh for politically incorrect language colorful metaphors swearing or the word boobies offends you my intention is never ever ever ever to offend anyone. But my style of teaching many times especially when i'm doing therapeutics when i'm teaching people how to heal their own minds and bodies my style is very provocative. So i do want you as you go through this process with me tonight to pay attention to when you have an overly exaggerated emotional response to something positive or negative it's okay.

The ones that tend to take up our attention most are actually the negative ones okay. I'm going to teach you some ways to kind of circumvent that and neutralize them a little bit. But i want you to really pay attention to the things that provoke you a little bit because those are the areas where we need to do the most work and we have tools for that obviously this course is on human influence and. So i want to make sure that you come away with actionable material tools that you can tonight immediately after this webinar take out into the world and put to work okay.

So i gave you one right. Off the bat about when we're on uh a zoom call like this even though some people might find this distracting it really is only distracting if it's two if it's too frenetic. But when you use your words for emphasis it's easier to relate and really take in the full communication okay. So that was the.

First technique i want you to start using right. Away is i want you to have more dynamism in the way you present okay. The. Next thing i want to share with you i'm going to give you like two or three things right.

Off the bat the. Second thing is how many of you by a show of hands are actually by a show of me that's me in the chat would like to be up to 31 better at everything anybody here okay. Here's all you gotta do take everything i'm going to teach you in this webinar and everything you're going to learn in the future with a more fun playful explorational attitude okay. Now that particular statistic up to 31 percent actually comes from a discipline that is known for how easy it is to get people to do stuff it's called hostage negotiation right.

Originally i learned this from a guy named chris voss you probably might have heard of him he wrote a book. Called never split the difference and what the fbi uh researchers discovered was that when the hostage negotiator was brought entered the interaction with a more fun playful easy going let's see what happens energy he was up to 31 percent more perceptive 31 more creative and adaptable 31 percent more likable 30 more intelligent made better decisions and and this i think is what i really want to kind of get across to you his counterpart the hostage taker the bad guy was actually up to 31 percent more compliant in other words he was up to 30 percent more willing to do what the negotiator wanted him to do would that be useful in your world if people in your life were 30 percent or more more open to your influence more willing to do what you want them to do would that change your life in any way shape or form what would you do with 30 percent more sales 30 percent more clients 30 percent less arguments we're going to start with that. So this is an explorational workshop in other words i want you to actually do some drills we have we have a saying in planet david do the drills get the skills. So my job here is to share as much information with you as the time that we have and give you experiences not just give you data because if i give you data you're going to write it down you're going to take notes and you're going to shove those notes in a drawer and never use them okay.

What i want to do is something a little bit different i want to give you experiences i want to give you not just borrowed information i want you to experience things that change the way you view the world and yourself in it and your sense of possibilities. So i'm going to ask that a you when i when it's time to do drills you actually do the drills now caveat if you're driving or operating machinery of any kind that requires your full and undivided attention don't do these drills don't do them wait until the replay or pull off to the side of the road put the car in park with the emergency brake on turn the engine off make sure you won't get towed away and. Then do the drills in a place where it's safe to do that okay. Safety.

First success. Second all right. So here's the thing though if this is the scope of every single thing that i have to share with you tonight we have time for this much it's going to be powerful. But it's still just a tiny tiny piece of what's available to you.

So my commitment to you is this i will take you as far as i can in the time that we have i will lay the foundations during the. First. Third of the webinar. Then i will transition to the offer that we put together for you and i will point you in the direction of where to go to level your skills up if that's what you want to do is that fair if you think that's a fair trade go ahead and type that in the chat form good all right.

So again use your hands whenever possible okay. When you're doing hybrid communications the more nuances you have in your in your vocal tonalities and things of that the more influential and charismatic you're going to be. Third key be fun playful explorational in everything you do think about going through the world making everyone you meet feel ridiculously good just for having interacted with you when you embody that philosophy when you embody that concept people will just start giving you stuff opportunities will just come your way. But you don't have to believe me and that brings me to another point about the content of tonight's webinar.

First and foremost you don't have to believe a single thing i'm saying all you have to do is do the technique do the drill you get the skill we've taken a great deal of time energy and effort to to field test these things and distill them down to a set of mechanical processes that you follow you do not have to believe them. But there is a system at play now we don't have time to do all seven stages of the system the system is drawn from is known as the cpi system which is also known as the critical path of influence it's the foundation of our killer influence system. So what i'm going to do in the time that we have is i'm just going to give you some solid hardcore radioactive nuggets that you can take out into the field and test right. Away i'm going to give you demos and point you in the direction now for the.

First half of the webinar our. First uh sorry. Third of the webinar i'm gonna i'm gonna lay the foundations right. I'm gonna show you the underpinnings i'm gonna give you the experiences that form the bedrock of everything we're gonna build together at about the about the one hour mark i'm going to transition into the package that we've put together for you tell you a little bit about it give you guys a chance to to decide if you want to level your skills up in that direction or not for part three of the webinar we're going to circle back to the to the foundations we laid in part one and i'm going to continue to teach from those foundations.

But i'm going to target the information to exactly what you most want to learn about now obviously with 100 200 300 people on the webinar i can't get to everybody. So i got to go by majority rules right. I'll give you some guys some choices um that is really you know what the majority of you want. But again we're always here to help.

So. So let's just be sure how does how do we know that this stuff is actually relevant to us i'm going to read i'm going to just throw some stuff out there and if this if this particular desire is in your is in your world view it's something you want more of in your life just type that's for me in the chat okay. How many of you want to be more super attracted to the opposite sex maybe make them find you charming fascinating or irresistible anybody here want to be more attractive how many people would like to stop being afraid banishing security from their life and get more of the confidence and assertiveness that they've been waiting for cool how'd you like to make more money from your job. But more clients be more charismatic protect yourself from evil vile manipulators a lot of that goes into this right.

Having people thinking feeling and acting the way you want them to perfect right. Nail job interview after job interview right. Surround yourself with loyal friendly trustworthy friends with all these things be desirable for you yes. Yes.

Or yes. As t hardwicker likes to say right. Perfect. So here's my personal promise to you let me go ahead and do this if you stay at the end of the webinar tonight i'm going to teach you the mo the fastest most powerful and ethical way to influence anyone to like love trust and obey you pretty much in any context i'm going to teach you how to have people hanging on your every word how to have them salivating literally in many cases to do what you want them to do right.

How to control your emotions and remove resistance to your influence this is a big one this usually on part three of the webinar this is the one that everybody wants to know about and. Finally i'm going to teach you the exact steps needed to go from interesting information to maximum transformation in minimum time. So you're going to do this by learning the secret back door into the human nervous system that gives you unstoppable influence and maximum attention focus and connection this is literally guys the most powerful words any human being can hear at any given moment and why i want to teach you tonight the secrets of emotional bonding and attraction the hidden secret that is behind how to get any human being to actually want what you want them want to do what you want them to do i'm going to talk a little bit about the four pillars of irresistible hypnotic influence these are four categories of influence that when you combine them together create very predictable types of compliance in your world and. Finally we're going to talk about removing resistance to your influence there's a very little known formula for causing people to get them to actually want to do what they just told you they did not want to do it's completely ethical honest and it works in ways you wouldn't even believe i've literally used this to argue somebody out of being in physical pain you can actually see that that video on youtube we're going to teach you how to take control of your life get the life you want the way you want it and master yourself inside and out that's on the agenda for tonight and i will take you as far as i can.

So that being said this is the system this is the cpi killer influence system we don't have time for every single aspect of this system and we'll show you how to get the full training. Later. But i want to drill down tonight on the. First couple of rings a the state control aspect and the rapport aspect.

So the way you do this is once you've created an outcome and this is where you have to start in fact it's it's. So important that we actually um just assume you have this if you don't have this using any of this material becomes very very challenging. So you got to know your outcome. So what do we mean when we say know your outcome it means knowing what you want and how you know you're getting it okay.

Now if this were an nlp class which it is not by the way if this were an nlp class nlp would say it's got to be calibratable through one of the five senses it has to be time-based it has to be completely dependent on your actions alone and nobody else's that's not really you don't need to go that in-depth what you do need to have though is you need to know exactly what you want and a way to measure if you're moving towards it or not okay. Now your your outcomes don't have to be these long complicated grandiose objectives they can be very simple things like getting somebody to like you or closing a sale or getting somebody's phone number or getting that call back for that job interview that everybody's fighting to get right. Or that promotion that you're going for there's simple measurable ways again if you have that already in your head and established everything we're going to teach you falls into place if you don't a lot of times it's very difficult to start and most of the time when people call me and start asking me why this is. So hard to ask what's your outcome you would think people would know.

But they don't it's a very very common problem that we have in influence and persuasion we're kind of moving through the world with these these techniques and no. Clear goal to aim them at or if we do know the goal we don't actually have a way to measure if we're moving towards it or not right. I wrote a court i wrote a book. Back in 2003 2004 it was controversial title it's called secret orgasm tits right.

And it was a bestseller uh on the clickbank marketplace and in that chapter there was this particular there was one chapter that said how to make any system of attraction and dating and pickup work for you and it was a very simple idea that people completely didn't get until i wrote it very explicitly in the chapter and that is simply this the ability to make any system of influence work is based on your ability to calibrate to through the five senses measure if you're moving towards your goal or away from it right. So again the idea of being able to measure and and read the people in front of you is a key factor in how well you leverage these techniques okay. So the. First technique i'd like to share with you is it falls let me show you this really quick again this is a brit what i call a bridging technique.

But it's easily one of the most powerful influences techniques out there it's. So simple and. So powerful it's almost unfair this is the technique that allows us to bridge from the rapport phase to the hypnotic language phase and this technique i've made a lot of videos about it during every single course i teach i always teach it why do i always teach this technique it's because it is the most powerful way to get anybody to literally force another human being's nervous system to pay attention to you regardless of anything else that's going on okay. So this technique is called the echo technique the most powerful words any human being can hear are the words that just came out of their mouth.

So once upon a time i was doing a training in israel and part of the group that i was working with were um our research and development people these were professional smart guys right. I was brought in to help facilitate communication with uh with these people and i was talking about this echo technique and there was this one guy right. In front row and you ever noticed like you ever see somebody who's like sitting there and all of a sudden they like smell something bad it's like you just see his face getting all twisted up he starts to turn away and at one point he just can't can't handle it anymore he just looks at me goes i don't believe it and i had a moment there where i was like okay. Am i going to be a or am i going to be um am i going to be polite about this i said well i'll do a little bit of both and.

So i looked at him and i said you don't believe it he goes no. I don't believe you don't why specifically don't you believe it and he starts going off on all these reasons why he doesn't believe it and. So all i did for the. Next five six seven minutes was repeat his words back to them in the form of a question or a statement or a reflection of what he said and he's just getting more and more animated more and more talkative and all his friends around him are just looking at it and i let him talk for like five six seven minutes and.

Then as politely and gently as i can because i want to be invited back i looked at him and i said sir have you realized that for the. Last five six seven minutes all i've been doing is giving you back your very own words and he looked at me like i was crazy he looked at his friend to his left and his friend went he looked at his friend to his right. And his friend went and i don't know if you've ever seen the old bugs bunny cartoons where like yosemite sam or daffy duck you know drinks a whole bottle of hot sauce and the the red just kind of goes up and the steam pours out of their ears that was this guy he turns beat red and he's about to say something and he gets this all of a sudden everything just crashes he just gets this defeated look. On his face and he goes are we really.

So stupid and i said sir you're not stupid you're selfish every nervous system on the planet is selfish there's this phenomenon in human psychology known as projection we're moving through the world projecting out into the world our own idealized stylized way the world works and we're looking for the world to reflect back to us ourselves and. So when person hears their very own words coming back to them it literally they they orient on it like a like a beat of honey they can't turn away how many of you have ever been to a party anybody have been into the party like a really noisy one right. You've been at a party right. And maybe you're across the room right.

But all of a sudden somebody from on the other side of the room says your name and from across a crowded noisy party room you just boom you just look. At them right. Because you heard your name why it's because the unconscious mind is always attending to this the the environment around it looking for relevance things that are relevant to itself okay. So what happens is when you use the echo technique you literally force a person's neurology to pay attention to you to the exclusion of everything else now you don't have to believe this all i want you to do is go out into the world and use people's very own i'll give you a short demo in a minute.

But i want to give you some other things that this particular technique does for you how many of you hate small talk like you're in a line at a starbucks or you're in line at uh you know the grocery counter and somebody tries to talk to you. But you don't have anything to say like you don't have you don't mind talking about these really cool blown how many people just would rather yeah exactly right. Here's what's cool the moment you start using the echo technique people it primes a person's neurology for self-disclosure it makes them want to talk more now here's the best part about that the longer you talk the more connected attracted and trusting of you they become and all you've got to do is give them their very own words back to them. So let's look.

At this like the notes i've got for you here you might want to write these down. First and foremost the echo technique is easily the most powerful most ethical way to communicate with another human being because it literally forces a person's neurology to pay attention to you to the exclusion of everything else it teaches you how to eliminate the problem of making small talk and eliminates boring conversations this is one of the things that blew me away when i started playing with this when you start feeding a person's very own words back to them they feel instantly heard understood validated connected with and that is a feeling that they have been desperate to experience their entire lives stop for a moment think about the. Last person who you felt truly heard you that could truly understand your point of view that understood where you were coming from and completely was in harmony with it that completely got you at the deepest level think about what that felt like to have this person communicating with you was it a good feeling yes. Or yes.

What if you could move through the world making every single person you interact with feel that way what do you think would happen right. This is how you do it okay. You just use their very own words and again it takes the burden of conversation off of you in other words when you start deploying this technique when you start deploying this technique people are going to open up they're just going to run off at the mouth let them let them speak because the longer they speak the more connected you become or they become to you okay. Are you guys with me.

So far yes. Yes. Okay. Now people often ask well what if i get caught you probably won't i challenge you to go get caught with this okay.

When i was doing the little the little thing in uh in israel right. The guy i was talking to the guy i was directing my influence at never picked up on it everyone around him did because they weren't it wasn't their words it was his words do the words have to be in sequence rob says for training purposes i make all of my students learn to do it in sequence as you get better at it and your brain recalibrates to be able to remember longer and longer strings of information you can do them you can you start to be able to mine their exact words for the really hot um emotional words there are certain words we call personal trans words or window words that are have a deep emotional meaning to people as you get more advanced with the echo technique those words will rise to the surface and you'll be able to to modulate from just pure string of verbatim words all the way up to just very key highly reactive words that their neurology is key to respond to okay. So great question okay. Both work.

But i i when i'm training people and this is what i'm going to be training you to do today when you use this process try to stick as close to their exact words as humanly possible okay. I'm going to do i'll do a demo in just a minute. But i want to get through some of the notes on this for you okay. Is this useful stuff guys is this helping you okay.

Now people often ask there's a there's a i'm going to warn you right. Up front that when you go to do this technique a lot of you not all of you. But a lot of you will feel a little weird you'll feel like it's obvious what's going on we call that the spotlight effect the spotlight effect is a form of self-consciousness that bubbles up from inside whenever you start to deviate from your natural normal every way everyday way of doing something you know that you're doing something different from what you would normally do and you and you project because you know you're doing something different that everybody around you will know it too i challenge you to go out and have fun with this and and by the way be respectful with it and here's what i mean if you do this on people who have to serve you like the the the attendance of starbucks or waitresses or bartenders people who have to serve you they will start to like you a whole lot like a lot a lot and while that may not seem like a real problem what will tend to happen is they will become. So connected to you that they will they will oftentimes ignore their other customers and that could get them in trouble may get you a few free desserts and a few free coffees.

But it may get them in trouble in the long run. So go out have fun with this technique be playful with it and watch the responses that you get and be prepared because once that people deploy this effectively with somebody and honestly right. Here's the secret to making this ethical if and here's how i pointed the echo technique is beyond the shadow of a doubt the most desirable ethical and honest way for one human being to communicate with another human being period end of story now i'm going to suggest that if you decide to incorporate this technique into your life if you want to make it as part of your natural way of moving through the world you adopt it for one simple reason it is the single most powerful way every human being on the planet is hardwired neurologically to be responsive to that's why with the moment a person gets their very own words back they can't not listen and in any form of relationship the person who can garner the most attention garners the most bandwidth in the brain the most real estate in the brain. So when you start using this people are going to pay attention to you they're going to feel heard validated understood now if you met somebody who made you feel that way made you feel completely understood completely heard completely approved of accepted on every level what would you not do to spend more time with this person would you want to spend less time or more time with them type in the chat more time right.

This is what i mean people once they experience this connection with you will not want to go away they won't want you to go away and. So they will do things and find things reasons to hang out with you more anybody here ever been uh been in high school or uh elementary school anybody do you ever notice that in every class there's somebody who you just want to spend more time with like you find yourself maybe sometimes you find yourself coming up all kinds of silly reasons just to be in the same room with them what would be like to be that person because that's what happens when you do this right. Right. Perfect all right.

You guys are i think we're all on the same page here with this. So let's go through this really quick vanessa says i was that person in school good for you let's take it even further right. So it'll force a person's neurology to pay attention to you it'll eliminate the problem with small talk well vanessa we're going to help you get that gift back it's going to prime your target to keep talking and give you more and more information about themselves at the same time remember what i said earlier the more you know about somebody the easier it is to influence them one of my teachers in kinesic interview and interrogation he was a professor danny johnson oklahoma state oklahoma city he used to say start with what you know. But he would also say if i know you better than you know me i can influence you if i know you better than you know yourself wait for it i can control you.

So a big part of being effective at influence is the ability to perceive subtle verbal and nonverbal communications the nuances that most people miss when you start using this echo technique people are literally going to volunteer ridiculous amounts of information about themselves because the moment they get their words coming back to them they feel heard understood validated a connection forms and they're in that flow and they want to make sure you get it right. They want to give you more stuff because they want to keep that flow of validation coming and i want you to adopt this idea of moving through the world giving people that one gift that they've been looking for their whole lives without even realizing it and if you do that if you adopt that attitude with this technique there is nothing ever unethical about it because you're moving through the world giving people the gift they most want the gift of understanding the gift of validation the gift of acceptance and do all those wonderful feelings get linked to you is that a good thing yes. Yes. Okay.

Now let's say worst case scenario somebody actually catches you right. Let's say you're talking i'm going to give a demo to you in a minute. But let's say you're talking to somebody and i'll say why why are you why are you repeating back every word i say well all you got to do is look. Out and say well i'm doing that because i just want to understand you better is that okay.

Now if somebody looks at you and says no. I don't want you to understand me better that's a big red flag it's their problem not yours right. It is possible with this technique to be disingenuous with it and it will still work. But if you keep if you if you embody the idea that this is the gift that you have to give to the world that you know in your heart of hearts not just because i said.

So. But because you've proven it by actually doing it out in the real world that this is the most desirable validating affirming connection making technique that you can share with another person and you choose not to use it think about that for a moment if you knew the most powerful desirable way to con that a human being wanted to be communicated with and you deliberately did not use it who's the now who's being unethical now right. So again now that you understand i would i encourage you i encourage you to adopt this as your standard operating procedure the natural way you move through the world now i. First wrote about this technique in 2005 and the the demo that i often did is that i would often uh when i had a martial arts school in coral springs florida and the thing about my school was i started it with no.

Money at all i was completely broke i was. So poor i couldn't pay attention. But i did have a few techniques from some books that i'd learned and some courses i'd invested in early on and i knew the power of something we're going to talk about very shortly called the emotional bonding checklist which is based on the echo technique it's a little bit deeper study. But it's based on this idea of using a person's exact words and.

So i knew that if i could give somebody what their own emotional desires were and link it to my product or service that people would want to do what i wanted them to do. So when people would call my my martial arts studio and the reason i'm bringing this up is because if you went a half a mile in any direction from my where my i had my class some of the biggest martial arts schools professional martial arts schools in the world were with a half mile radius of where i was teaching. So i i needed every single um you know advantage i could to get clients to join my school and to teach them more effectively and if you use the echo technique properly teaching people becomes. So easy.

So effective therapy of any kind if you're a coach a psychotherapist psychiatrist hypnotherapist life coach whatever influencing people to do the things you want them to do that are in their best interest becomes ridiculously easy getting the the back story on. So many things that they want to clear becomes very very easy. But this is what it would sound like uh back in the days when i was in my early 20s and i was trying to build a business. So go ring ring good afternoon coral springs martial arts academy this is david how can i help you oh hey david my my name is bernice and i see you have a karate school i'm curious if you teach children i'm looking for karate lessons uh for my ten-year-old son josh oh hey bernice how you doing.

So you called you said you saw that i have a karate school you're wondering if i had uh lessons for kids for your 10 year old son josh is that right. Yeah don't laugh they do that right. Yeah yeah do you have something like that for my son well i might actually have something like that for your son why don't you tell me a little bit about josh and what's important to you about martial arts lessons for your 10 year old son josh well david i'm glad you asked it's it's see josh is a really good kid he's super smart he's about 10 years old and in fact he's. So smart that uh his teachers moved him up a grade and.

So he's going into a grade a full year ahead and i'm worried that you know because he's a little smaller than the other kids that he might get picked on and i'd heard that that martial arts was a really good way for kids to build self-confidence and focus and and really just kind of get ahead in life oh i see. So josh you said he was a really good kid he's really smart. So smart in fact that his teachers moved him up a grade and if i heard you correctly you're you were worried that he's a little smaller than the rest of the kids the kids were a little bigger than him and you felt that they might pick on him yeah yeah david that's right. Can you do anything about it and just just to be clear bernice did you you also said that um you heard that martial arts was a good way for kids to be focused and more confident and really get ahead in life yeah david can you help me absolutely bernice absolutely you see for centuries the martial arts has been a tremendously powerful way for smaller people to be able to protect themselves from bigger larger opponents it's something that naturally fosters except excellent focus and concentration and self-confidence.

So as josh goes through life not only will he be able to protect himself from the bigger kids who may pick on him he'll be more focused he'll have greater powers of concentration he'll have the ability to walk and carry himself with that self-confidence that you know he needs and will help him to really be successful in life and in school now we have uh two two options available for you we have an introductory class today at 5 30 it comes with two private lessons and one group class and a free t-shirt uh we have a slot available for josh at 5 30 today and we have one tomorrow at uh 6 15. which which course or which class do you think would be a better fit for josh well let me think um it sounds really really good um can i can i book. Him for tomorrow at 6 15 because i think. Then i can have him do his homework got his dinner and he can he can be really focused for the class great. So we'll see you tomorrow at 6 15 after josh has had his dinner and gotten his homework done and he'll be really focused and ready to have the best time of his life and really get that confidence and that that ability to focus and pay attention and get out moving on that fast track towards success in life i look.

Forward to seeing you tomorrow at 6 15. do you have any other questions before i take your name and address and and get the scheduling done no. David i think that's good thank you. So much for for taking the time to talk to me i'm really excited for josh great we look. Forward to seeing you and josh and we're excited to see you too you have a great day click all right.

What did you notice see a lot of chatter going on in here what did you notice how much of what i said was actually originally you had bernice over here you had david over she did absolutely feel her didn't she right. I said joshua yeah i used their words eighty ninety percent of everything that came out of my mouth came from the customer i didn't get the name interesting phone number did i really need to do that you zoned in on that one thing right. Anyway actually they usually call back they get. So excited about that.

But listen 99 times out of 100 they'd show up right. When people talk to you believe it or not this is actually you can research this in a book. Called the like switch by a guy named jack schaefer when people talk to you he calls it the golden rule of friendship we instinctively like people who make us feel good about ourselves okay. We instinctively like people who make us feel good about ourselves when you give the echo technique as part of your interaction you're giving people tremendously good feelings about themselves.

But here's the best part of that who are they looking at when those good feelings come up when they feel heard and understood and validated who are they looking at exactly guess who gets linked to all those feelings carlos says my beautiful face yes. Your beautiful face carlos exactly this is how it works it's literally guys it's literally that simple i used everything they said i built tremendous tremendous amounts of report in minutes literally that whole demo was what maybe two or three minutes long right. That's how fast and it can create lifelong attachments it creates lifelong connections. So you have to be careful sometimes who you use this with you have a little discernment right.

Okay. Questions about the echo technique before we move on to the. Next piece okay. Yeah 80 their words 20 and the beautiful thing about this once again is that it takes the burden it takes the burden of carrying the conversation off of you and on to them and here's the thing don't use this during speed dating and other stuff like that here's what your i want you to i i don't want to front load you with the experience.

But i'll just i'll give you this for nothing when that conversation is over even though 20 of the conversation was you they will think you are the most fascinating interesting charismatic human being they have ever met if somebody's angry with you and you start echoing their words they'll start calming down it's crazy. But it works okay. Ep my bad it was your lot of it a lot of interesting conversations going on in the in the chat there okay. So again echo technique powerful power power it's going to factor in to every single thing that we're going to do throughout the rest of this webinar okay.

So the. Next piece i want to share with you is the. Next layer and i actually used it a little bit in my. Last demo you see everything human beings do is based on a feeling it's either a feeling they want more of or a feeling they want a whole lot less of are we does anybody not understand what i'm saying okay.

So there's uh let me show you this really quick i was wondering if i was gonna use this today or not as you can see i have a lot of notes okay. What you're looking at here is what nlp calls the hierarchy of beliefs the logical levels of belief human beings have these things called beliefs and they work in a hierarchy the beliefs at the top control the beliefs below it. So if i have a belief that's held at the spirituality or purpose level or the identity level everything below it is controlled by what's up here are we are you are you following me. So far type in the chat if you're following me because again this can get a little heady when you start using the echo technique whether it's whether it's very in-depth or very superficial or shallow you start stimulating the beliefs at this level it comes in indirectly.

But this is the area that gets stimulated now if you were paying attention to the words i was using at the beginning of the conversation you heard me say a phrase called what's important about what's important about lessons for your year old son josh when i say when i ask the question what's important about karate lessons for your 10 year old son josh bernice gave me a list of words self defense self-confidence focus success in life right. These words connect to this level of a person's belief system this is a pretty universal belief system you all have beliefs about your environment beliefs about behaviors beliefs about your capabilities and the values the reason we want to talk about this level is because this is the level of life rules in other words every human being on the planet moves through the world with a checklist for what constitutes the best ideal anything. So for example if i were to ask you uh to talk describe your perfect house right. You might say it's three stories 2400 square feet massive massive kitchen close to schools um and a big backyard right.

I might ask you oh okay. So you want a 2400 square foot house three floors big big kitchen big backyard close to schools i'm curious what's important to you just. So i understand you better what's important to you about a big kitchen and you might say something like well you know when i was growing up as a kid we had this really big kitchen and every holiday all the family would come up we had a really big family we'd sit around we'd all cook. Together we'd all eat together and we just had the best time just sharing and being together and i really want that for my family right.

Now when i just when i talk about finding their houses i'm going to tell them you know what based on what you're telling me i can think of at least five or six houses right. Off the bat that are 2500 square feet or better three floors big backyard close to good schools and they have that kitchen the kitchen that's. So important to you. So that when those holidays roll around all of your family can come in and you can practice you can cook.

Together you can eat together you just have the best time being together and loving each other i have some great ideas for some great houses with exactly the kind of kitchen that i think you would find most desirable how soon you want to go see it when you do this you need to watch their eyes. You need to watch their face because you'll see their facial colorations change their eyes. Will start to water their pupils will dilate why because in that moment i took. Some of those words from my echo technique and i drilled down to their emotional motivation checklist their emotional bonding checklist okay.

Everything human beings do has a checklist that is equal to the ideal perfect anything i i mentioned earlier a book. That i wrote back in um 20 2003 it was called secret orgasm tips right. The entire book. Was nothing except techniques for matching a woman's or a man's ideal lover checklist you see every woman on the planet every man on the planet has a fantasy the ideal lover the ideal partner now think about this for a moment let's play a little game right.

Stop for a moment and think about something what would hap what would it be like if you met someone you could think romantically for now if you met someone who as if they read your own mind your own deepest fantasies knew exactly what to say to you exactly the way you've always wanted to be spoken to what if this person could touch you in exactly the right. Place sexual or not at exactly the time you wanted to be touched what if they could kiss you in the way you always fantasized about being kissed and everything else that you felt the ideal partner should be able to give you if you experience someone like that i'm curious about something what would you not do for them type it in the chat come out of transfers you'd do everything right. Robin yeah nothing you wouldn't do for him right. Not much right.

Now here's the thing seriously right. That's a short list right. They will use you ooh there's somebody cynical right. All right.

Here's my point that made me tear up weird yes. Excellent at cure it made you tear up because the moment you started processing what i said your neurology your critical faculty along with your unconscious mind went to your checklist in your own head and started imagining what that would be like now here's the and the moment those feelings come up who are you looking at. So what are you looking at guess who gets all those feelings linked and here's the best part i only talked about the checklist i used languages that made you directly i fell into trance and into my fields and felt good feelings towards david yes. And here's the thing i only talked about the checklist i didn't directly give you your very own words back i used my language in such a way that you accessed your own checklist now let me think about this here's the thing when you get when you actually use the exact words the feeling is even more intense you understand that when you get somebody's exact words right.

Those feelings that you had get even more powerful they get even more intense. So here's what we're gonna do we're gonna have an experience together in a non-sexual way is that okay. Yes. Or yes.

Okay. Very good all right. So this is the drill part of today and this is important now when you signed up for today's webinar right. You automatically played a movie in your head excuse me for just a moment i think somebody's at my door my apologies for that my kids showed up at my office now i gotta figure out what's going on all right.

So yep it's live of course it's live what do you think i was going to give you an auto webinar no. So here's the thing what was i talking about when uh before i got belled you guys remember okay. We're going to have an experience we're going to practice together this is i'm going to i'm going to teach you how to do this at two levels i'm going to teach you how to do this at two levels for this exercise i need you to get out a piece of paper and a pencil okay. And what i want you to do is i want you to think about when you decided to attend tonight's webinar there was something you wanted to be able to do as a result of coming from getting coming to work there was something that you wanted to take the techniques from this webinar and everything that we're offering in it and use it in your life to get something i want you to stop for a moment i want you to close your eyes.

If you're driving don't do this i want you to close your eyes. And i want you to stop for a moment and imagine that you did that you followed the instructions you did everything i told you to do in this webinar and you put those techniques into operation and you nailed it home run i want you to make a men's i call this your steven spielberg moment make a mental movie in your mind of what that would be like what that thing would be like and what i want you to do on a piece of paper i want you to write out what it is that you've got as a byproduct of this webinar right. What did you get as a byproduct of doing the info using the information you got from this webinar when you've done that type done in the chat and we'll go on to the. Next piece okay.

Cool all right. Now i'm gonna i'm gonna show my powerpoint well it's not my powerpoint it's actually my onenote i don't like powerpoint very much believe it or not um. So this is called the emotional motivation or emotional bonding checklist. So in the.

First line you should have typed what you wanted. So maybe you want to just maybe you wanted to earn six figures right. I'm just using that right. Make more money whatever now underneath that outcome the outcome we've just outlined here right.

One. Second i want you to ask yourself what's important about getting it right. This question what's important about that what's important about like if you got if you if you use these techniques you got that six figure income what's that going to do for you what's important about it and write that down come write down the. First thing that pops up use your exact words freedom is fine as you write down that word freedom using jesse's example below that i want you to write what's important about that what's self-sufficient that's fine you don't have to type into the chat i want you to write these things out what's important about freedom what's important about being self-sufficient what's important about peace of mind and i want you to do this three times every time you get an answer right.

Below that right. What's important about write out the answers the. First thing that pops up i want you to write down okay. When you've got at least three levels of this type done in the chat done okay.

Aaron's done heady's done good laura's done done done perfect all right. Now here's what i want you to do i want you to stand up i want you to stand up i want you to take hopefully you wrote this down i want you to take the piece of paper that you wrote these answers on i want you to hold it up at about a 45 degree angle to you just like. So well i told the front the white screen screws up my blackboard. So again hold it up at about a 45 degree angle and all i want you to do as proudly as strongly as you can all i want you to do is say the answers to the what's important about question five times out loud.

First take a take an inventory of your body notice how you feel. Then all i want you to do is read the answers to those three questions out loud five times when you've done that type done in the chat perfect rob's done michael jack is done carlos is done okay. Good all right. Perfect now vanessa's done excellent now let me ask you a question what happened to the feelings in your body when you read those words out loud what happened it felt great vibrated through me felt light right.

Now felt like i was already there excellent steve smiling more as if i'm moving to you are moving towards them uncontrollable smiles very good very good what if you could give this kind of feeling to everyone you meet what if you could link everything you want for your client to take the. Next step fell committed to the action exactly what would you not do to get those things right. What would you do to get them if you understand this process it doesn't i do everything akira is saying absolutely why because they're the most emotionally important things to you in this world now here's the thing i need to caution you about well in if this were an nlp class which it is not nlp calls this criteria and values your values their beliefs your all of your values or beliefs. But your values define in your life what is best and what is not every human being carries a list a checklist of values like the ones you just played with for anything that they can conceive of even if they've never actually seriously considered buying it let's say you're a 20 year old kid and you and i want to sell you life insurance now you may have never thought about life insurance at all in the 20 years you've walked to this planet.

But the moment i ask you what's important about life insurance you're going to give me a bunch of reasons even though you've never thought about life insurance before you're going to access your value system and you're going to make stuff up that's actually true for you and those are your most emotionally motivating and compelling reasons for doing anything and if you can as a byproduct of this training and others effectively link what people emotionally want to what you offer they will do business with you by default they will find their own reasons for going forward now here's the secret hack to this in fact we're coming i'm i'm going to save that piece um the secret hack to this we'll talk about in part three of the webinar okay. So how many have gotten some value from today. So far yes. Or yes.

Type it in the chat right. How many people want to take it further how many people would like to learn how to level up in life in every aspect okay. Cool do i have your permission to present a package i put together for you for that specific purpose of leveling up your life perfect now this part's going to take maybe 25-30 minutes when that is done we're going to circle back and pick up where we left off and we're going to go even deeper into these techniques interested in seeing myself very good okay. So with your permission i'd like to share with you the secrets of human influence ultra persuasion mastery home study course this is a special uh four or five course package i've put together and i've shown you highlights of it.

But there's a whole system at play here that's going to take you from persuasion zero to persuasion hero you're gonna be able to walk into any situation circumstance or event and be able to exert the maximum amount of influence if a fun pleasant honest and ethical way you'll never have to lie cheat steal or manipulate people in a way that's bad for them when you use this system. So what does it involve it's going to allow you to take your life to the. Next level it's going to allow you to make more money to close more deals to get more dates to help more people because at the end of the day you know money and dates are fine we all want to make a difference in the world and if you have these skills you have the ability to make a difference in people's lives anytime anyplace under any circumstance for any reason as a byproduct of that you're going to feel more comfortable you're going to feel more personally powerful you're going to feel like the winner in the game of life and you'll also become charming charismatic and a lot more irresistible as a byproduct of this training. So here's what we put together for you now this is an offer that's only good for today june 29th 2022 it expires at 11 59 p.m it's going to include the killer influence secrets of human influence home study course it's a 17 video course that covers the seven stage universal persuasion protocol that was the little bullet diagram that i showed you how to control your state how to get rapport how to use your language uh the seven most powerful hypnotic language patterns that exist as a matter of fact how to manage the states of other people how to jump into their process and bond with their criteria and values right.

We're gonna teach you that we're gonna teach you how to think like a master influencer there's a certain way that these people think the way they strategize the way they put their tactics and their techniques together there's a whole chapter a whole set of modules devoted to that it's a 297 value we're going to teach you how to control your own psycho-emotional state at will under any circumstance. So no. One can ever push your buttons again to 297 dollar value we're going to teach you the power rapport skills for connecting with absolutely anyone anytime anywhere i literally have personal injury attorneys who do this from across the courtroom on hostile judges and juries and witnesses with perfect uh perfect results many times it's it's and it's invisible it's impossible to be caught because there's nothing unethical about it once you understand these power rapport skills you'll have a gift that allows you to bond with anyone anytime anywhere under pretty much any circumstance and if you can't you'll figure out rapidly with the the exam the extensions of this how to customize what you're doing to that situation. So you are instantly more effective uh in that report getting process we're going to teach you the seven most powerful irresistible hypnotic language patterns that exist these are the seven patterns that if you knew only four of them would allow you to instantly effortlessly and automatically force anything you want to to cause anything you want in the mind of your listener think about that for a moment what if you could walk up to somebody point at something and create a causal relationship between two things that have absolutely no.

Relationship together and it would come across as perfectly legitimate perfectly logical perfectly matter of fact what if you have the power to make anybody anything you want mean anything you want in the minds of your subject there's a language pattern that does specifically that what if you have the power to direct a person's focus of attention. So perfectly that even if they knew what you were doing they still couldn't help. But pay attention to the things you want them to pay attention to to the exclusion of everyone else what could you do with just those abilities and. Then add this what if you had the ability to make a person's internal movies the mental movies that they make the internal dialogue that they have what if you have the ability to to make that internal mental experience that internal emotional experience be exactly what you want it to be without the possibility of fail and they would like it that's what only the.

First four of the seven most irresistible hypnotic language patterns are going to allow you to do imagine what you could do with all seven plus the echo technique plus the emotional motivation checklist it's a 297 value just for that we're going to teach you how to manage the emotional states of other people how to literally figure out what their checklist is bond your product yourself or your service to exactly what they want keep them bonded to it and have them salivating to take the. Next level in the relationship with you what if it were possible to actually look. At a person's own internal behavior code the parts of their brain that they use to make a decision and fit your content your presentation yourself or your product to the way they organically make decisions in such a way that it felt perfectly natural to just do what you want them to do you're going to learn how to do that and again we talked about the emotional bonding checklist it's also going to come what we call the killer influence mind control manifesto this is the chat this is a special manual it's over 200 pages and it has chapters on things like proxemic influence how to manipulate and manage these spatial relationships between you and other people simple things that would psychologically position you in the minds of your listener for example something as simple as standing on a person's dominant side as opposed to their non-dominant side can actually cause them to like you more dropping yourself below a person's eye level will cause them to feel more comfortable and connected to you than standing above their eye level where you sit at a meeting room or a conference table can dramatically influence the amount of authority authority and suggestibility you wield during that meeting that's just one appendix that we're going to talk about. Then you have social hypnotic operators social hypnotic operators are social programs that society has programmed into you things like reciprocity and commitment and consistency things that cause you to behave in very automatic hypnotic ways just when you're presented with that stimulus we're going to teach you all about that.

So you can learn to recognize them. So you can utilize them in an ethical and honest way. But even more importantly we're going to teach you how to detect them. So you are no.

Longer influenced by them in a way that's not in your best interest marketers and government agencies have been using these particular principles on you for decades once you learn them remember that anything outside of your awareness is outside of your control once you understand how they work you gain another level of immunity to this kind of influence okay. We're also going to teach you how to read people how to look. At somebody and and rapidly make a profile of them that you can use to know what their hot buttons are what they're going to gravitate to what they're going to move away from and how to create powerful levels of authority compliance and connection in them and that's still not even all of what's in that manual it's a 418 value it comes with an online community where you get to actually roll up your sleeves and do hands-on practice with over 200 active members it's a price. So i'm going to talk about more about this community in just a minute total value if you were to get it today on the website it will be 2497.

But we're not going to stop there that's just the foundations that's just the beginning of what we've put together for you specifically right. If you join in now if you grab your your course today you're also going to get these super special bonuses. First and foremost you're going to learn one of the most powerful hypnotic techniques ever ever known to man this is all about the power of storytelling and metaphor from a scientific and neuroscience based level we call this weapons of mass instruction there are six modules in this course that take you through the nuts and bolts of how and why storytelling is the most neurologically influential persuasion tool that we have the fact that even even if you tell people that you're going to influence them with a story their unconscious response is to actually um never perceive stories as an attempt to influence it creates a very powerful kind of a trans known as transportability and identification and once you understand these phenomena we're going to show you step by step how to create themes and a structure to your story that maximally impacts a person's nervous system that causes them to fall deeply into the spell and the story that you've woven if you've ever been completely captivated by a novel or an article and you found yourself experiencing and reliving what was in the story you've touched a tiny piece of what we're going to teach you how to do with weapons of mass instruction whether you're doing this to have people rushing to the back of your seminar to level up and become coaching clients whether you're doing this to teach people powerful lessons that are going to change their life if you've ever wondered how people like lisa sassovich and robert allen and john assaraf and mark victor hansen and tony robbins and t harvecker can have people stampeding to the back of the room to sign up for the. Next stuff this course is going to pull back the curtain and teach you step by step what they're doing how it's done all the languaging tools at play.

So that you can actually protect yourself from it and even most importantly use it for yourself in an ethical and honest way to uplift everyone that you meet it's a one thousand nine hundred and ninety seven dollar value we're going to give this to you absolutely free if you're one of the people to register for this ultimate secrets of ultimate persuasion package today the fourth total combined value is 4487. But we're not going to stop with just that storytelling is cool and it's powerful and you should be using them if you're not you're missing out. But we're also going to include one of the most powerful belief changing personal development tools i've ever come across now think about this for a moment think about every time you've presented to somebody or asked somebody to do something or wanted somebody to believe you and they said no. Or they said they didn't believe you or they had a limiting belief that wouldn't let them pull the trigger and move forward to work with you what if for every single one of those situations where somebody said no.

Or i don't believe you or they believe something that limits them in some way what if you had 14 different solutions before you started combining them to that problem what if you could overcome any objection in a sales situation a persuasion situation a therapeutic situation a teaching situation in seconds what if you could do that to yourself like the minute you catalog a limiting life the minute you notice the limiting booth what if you had 14 different ways to instantly transform that limiting belief into something more useful literally in seconds what would your life be like when every limiting belief you had was gone what would you not be able to what would you what would you accomplish that's what renegade reframing is all about it's how to overcome any objection or change any limiting belief in seconds what if you could win every argument or 14 different bullets for winning any argument you were into that's what this course will do for you each it comes with a full manual there's actually even a card game in this course called the reframe game you kind of if you can play it kind of like war where your person states a limiting belief or an objection they throw a um a card a belief card out of person and the person has to use that card to overcome the belief. So you get really good and you play games that allow you to become super good at argumentation changing beliefs overcoming objections reframing any situation or circumstance it's super super powerful it has templates in it that give you head starts and little protocols that you can follow that allow you to really get good at this really really quickly it's a 1997 value it's going to be yours absolutely free if you register before the end of this webinar total combined value if you were to buy these individually on the website would be six thousand four hundred and eighty four dollars. But again we're not stopping there you see what you can do with just the echo technique and the emotional bonding checklist and just for you just. So you know this this is what you use when you screwed up the emotional bonding checklist you said something wrong this allows you to rapidly get the obstacles out of your way remove resistance to your influence and get people back moving towards deeper levels of reporting connection with you that's why we're including this as part of your persuasion training you can use it on yourself you can use it on your loved ones you can use it with clients okay.

But we're not going to stop there join today we're also going to give you one of our most powerful presentation skill packages ever this is called charisma and conversion and this class builds on the foundations of the killer influence system the storytelling and persuasion system weapons of mass instruction as well as renegade reframing this is the ability to create presentations that hypnotically subliminally prime your audience to believe what you say do what you want and rush to the back of the room to take the. Next level with you if you've ever wondered once again it teaches you basic stagecraft it teaches you the two forms of persuasion presentation there's a presentation template for small groups and another presentation template for large groups we'll teach you about 12 ways to use stories in your training how to do basic stagecraft where to hold how to hold a microphone where to move on stage how to psychologically position your talk your topic your audience your offer. So that people naturally want to take the. Next level with you and feel good about how to transition into your offer and create offers for your clients to take advantage of to level up and go to the.

Next level if you've ever wondered how you get people from interesting information to lasting transformation through your products or services this is the course that bridges that gap because the fastest most powerful way to build an uh to build a business with little to no. Money down is through the power of public speaking whether that public is through a zoom interaction whether it's one-on-one in person or some combination thereof most of you came to this this webinar from watching our youtube channel 90 of all the content on our youtube channel came from free events where i was teaching skills for free you can do this too okay. We're gonna give this to you absolutely free it's a 1997 value. But it could be worth tens of thousands even hundreds of thousands of dollars when you apply them correctly total combined value of the package we've given.

So far is eight thousand four hundred eighty one dollars when you register before the end of the webinar. So let's just review really really quick what we've got here in the whole uh unlimited persuasion secrets of human influence universal persuasion protocol package you've got 17 videos teaching you the seven stages of universal persuasion protocol the killer influence mind control mastery manual it's two thousand four hundred ninety seven dollar value weapons of mass instruction scientific storytelling secrets one thousand nine hundred ninety seven dollar value you've got renegade reframing how to instantly overcome any objection or change any belief in seconds 1997 value and. Finally as part of your the cherry on your persuasion influence sunday charisma and conversion hypnotic presentation skills for presenters and public speakers it's a one thousand nine hundred ninety seven dollar value you can get it all total value is eight thousand four hundred and eighty one dollars if you were to buy it today on the david snyder nlp website or nlpower.com. But as you can probably guess we want you to get started we want to remove the barriers to entry on this program we want you to take these skills go out into the world and actually use them.

So we're going to give you the best deal humanly possible today if you grab this package today you aren't you will not have to pay eight thousand four hundred and eighty one dollars you're not even gonna have to pay six thousand four hundred eighty one dollars we're gonna keep dropping the price five we're not you're not going to pay 53 47 you're not going to pay 33.47 i know this is getting a little crazy my people are starting to sweat a little bit over here you're not even going to have to pay 2 347 if for those of you who want to get on the fast track to unstoppable persuasion to getting everything you want in life by helping other people get what they want you can get it all today only for one low investment of just 9.97 and get everything okay. And if you need a little help you can break that up into three easy installments of just 3.97 each and all you've got to do to get started now is go to www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go www.killerinfluence.com forward slash geo once again with feeling www.killer forward slash go i'm putting this putting this in the chat for my uh my zoomers hopefully a guy didn't screw up the url perfect somebody's well ahead of me on that one all right. All right. But you know we're not going to stop there let's talk about this for a minute okay.

I know a lot of you have things that you want and i want you to really attach getting what you want to this opportunity as you do that i want you to understand that you have nothing to risk there's absolutely no. Risk to you at all in this program and here's how i want you to get this program i want you to use it for 60 days if by day 59 you're not on the fast track to making more money closing more deals getting more promotions you know moving forward in your business bringing in more clients if you're not on the fast track to financial freedom more love and romance if you're not feeling more secure and confident more powerful in your ability to win any social encounter be more irresistible i'll refund every dime you invested in this course today remember this doesn't cost you anything it's an investment investments always always return if you and if you do the work i'm really good at what i do guys this everything in this in these courses is proven we're going to give you a 60-day guarantee to put this stuff to work if at the end of 60 days you're not satisfied if you haven't proven efficiently sufficiently to yourself that this is moving you towards the life you want the way you want it pick up the phone give stephanie a call shoot her an email and we will not cheerfully because we want to make sure that you give us every opportunity to make sure we get you through your sticking points we will refund your money there's absolutely nothing to risk in everything to gain in fact i challenge you to not be more successful within the. First 21 days of having this course. But take the full 60 test it out put it to work if it's not getting you the wins you're looking for call us we'll work you through the sticking points if after working through those sticking points you're still not getting the result we'll give you the refund not a problem like i said i want you to i want your life to change as a natural byproduct of this course okay.

I want you to really jump in with both feet and if it works keep going it doesn't give us a call let us know just go to www forward slash go www.killerinfluence.com forward slash g-o okay. Now one of the things i like to do for people is i like people who take action action is one of the key ingredients to success the best is one of my mentors lisa sassevich used to say the greatest gps in the world cannot help you if you stay in one spot you gotta take action if you want your life to be different you gotta do something different and i wanna reward you for that i want you guys to get the biggest persuasion bang for your buck. So here's what i put together for you if if you grab your course today june oops should be 29th 2022 i will include these special fast action bonuses for you okay. First and foremost uh we're going to give you a three month this 90 day trial membership to the nlp power mastermind mentoring practice group now let me explain this let me jump out of this a little bit.

So i can explain to you what this is the nlp power mastermind mentoring practice group has been in operation for 11 years on the. Third saturday of every month people come in from all over california they zoom in from all over the world i literally go around the room and i say what do you want to learn este what do you want to learn jax what do you want to learn abel what do you want to learn john what do you want to learn barney what do you want to learn stephanie what do you want to learn i write them all on the board and. Then i step back and i look. At what all these things have in common what all the connecting threads are and i create a lesson plan for you right.

On the spot and we spend the. Next five to six hours usually about 11 to 4 pm 11 a.m to 4 p.m drilling on those skills. So you can do them in your sleep now this is not something that is you're going to get a certificate from it wasn't designed for that it was designed for the one thing that keeps people from becoming successful and that's actually taking action of doing the drills and getting the skills. So you're going to come in you're going to roll up your sleeves i don't care if you have 20 minutes of persuasion or training or experience or 20 years you're going to tell me what you want i'm going to create a lesson plan for the group we're going to work those skills at the end of that six hours five six hours you go off into the world to apply your new skills you come back the.

Next month and i'm gonna ask you what do you wanna learn today what do you wanna learn what do you wanna learn what do you want to learn i'm going to write them on the board i'm going to find the connecting threads and we're going to do it again we're going to drill drills and skills. So not only will you get to drill down on the things that are specific to making your life better you're going to do it side by side with people from all over the world who are really cool by the way probably the best community i've ever been part of who also have a sincere desire to get better at this you're going to make some amazing friends you're going to meet people who have things in common things that you can learn from things that you can teach people that you can teach things to and you're all going to come out with a better set of skills that are going to serve you everywhere you go we're going to give you 90 days three months to test it if you like it let us know we'll work out arrangements to help you stay there if you don't like it you got three you know 90 days of doing cool stuff with cool people who like to do cool stuff and remember i said this has been running for 11 years we have videotaped the entire 11 years of those meetings we've archived them in three places the nlp power website our our diamond level youtube channel our gold level youtube channels and our private members only facebook. Page during your three months trial membership you can binge watch that entire 11-year archive stuff that has never seen the light of day on youtube and it covers every topic that has anything to do with mind and body energy healing manifestation learning dating attraction uh regression trauma resolution relieving physical and emotional pain advanced spiritual and metaphysical meditation practices if it has something to do with mind and body it's in those archives and you can binge watch it 11 years worth hundreds and hundreds and hundreds of hours of never before seen content just for you i'll go back to my screen total value 1 597 value we're going to give this to you free if you're one of the. Next 17 people to register for this this package today total combined value if you could buy it on the website which you can't by the way would be ten thousand seventy eight dollars we have some other things that we want you to have as well things that are going to even move you faster through the training continuum we're going to include as your fast action bonus number two the stealth instant conversational hypnosis crash course now stealth believe it or not actually is an um an acronym for strategic suggestion through emotionally amplified linguistically transmitted hypnosis say that 12 times fast right.

And what it is it's a it's a course for people who want to be out and hypnotizing people that day there's literally two hours of video that you watch that teaches you all the core language patterns how to do instant and rapid inductions uh there's seven videos on uh advanced language pattern work hypnotic inductions um emotional hot buttons and. So much more there's it's just tough chock full of some of the most powerful instant and rapid hypnosis techniques on the planet you can literally download this tonight start hypnotizing people tomorrow it's a 997 value we're going to throw this in absolutely free it comes with books it comes with workbooks transcripts and powerpoints as well as audios. So you'll see everything from three our infamous three magic questions protocol to lie detection skills and certain laws of attraction videos like money magnet mastery are included in there as well it's a really inclusive package total value 997 we're going to give it to you absolutely free total combined value is eleven thousand seventy five dollars and. Finally for the.

First 21 people to register today if you grab your package before i log off the webinar again these fast action bonuses go away when i log off the rest of the package is available until 11 59 tonight. But if you're one of the. Next 21 people to jump into this package today we're going to give you a special vip ticket this is a free pass to our. Next upcoming killer influence defense against the dark arts secrets of covert hypnotic persuasion course it's a four day certification boot camp from august 30th to september 3rd during this amazing course you are going to learn some of the most powerful influence tools on the planet you'll get to learn firsthand exactly how to uh control your emotional state at will.

So nobody else can do it for you no. One will ever be able to push your buttons ever again you're going to learn how to get rapport with anyone anytime anywhere and even make their body do weird stuff will they teach you how to pass emotions back and forth. So that people's brains are automatic neurologies are automatically primed to do what you want them to do we're going to teach you the most powerful irresistible hypnotic language patterns on the planet and we're going to show you how to counter them we're going to show you how to actually defeat these patterns aft after you become aware of them we're going to teach you the four pillars of irresistible hypnotic influence and most importantly we're going to teach you how to cold read and personality profile any human being we're going to go deep dive into the language patterns and language techniques of some of the most disgusting qualities of people on the planet what i mean by that is this course you also said defense against the dark arts it's all about how to use the powers of influence and personality profiling to protect yourself from malevolent influence from the social and uh persuasion predators of the world everything from human traffickers to child molesters and all points in between we'll teach you what they what their tactics are how they select their victims we'll teach you how to profile them. So that you can do a deep dive into the personnel the backgrounds and the personalities of anyone that you encounter and how to use the tools of influence to defeat them or remove them from your life or if you manage to remove them from your life already how to instantly and rapidly keep them from reinserting themselves back into your life we'll talk about meta programs we'll talk about how they use reframing it's a 2 250 value total combined value is going to be 13 hundred and twenty five dollars we're going to give this to you absolutely free it's a free vip ticket now the best thing about our vip tickets is that once you have this ticket let's say something comes up at the.

Last minute you can't come out and train with us in las vegas nevada on august 30th through september 3rd all you do is pick up the phone let's stephanie know we'll move you to the. Next killer influence training let's say you didn't think you can go and all of a sudden your schedule frees up at the. Last minute all you got to do is pick up the phone or send stephanie an email we'll move you to the head of the line we'll find a seat for you even if it's sold out if it takes you two years to get to a killer influence training as long as you have this vip ticket you can show up even after we raise the prices you get in for free because you took. Advantage of today's offer.

But this is only for the. First 21 people to register today and this offer goes away when i click the leave meeting button on the website. So you keep if you call tonight at 10 pm right. And you leave your message on stephanie's voicemail you'll still qualify for the primary package.

But you will not qualify for this vip ticket it's a 2 250 value right. If you want to learn how to make people like love and trust you. But also protect yourself from being unduly influenced and turn the tables on the social predicts you've ever been lied to we'll teach you about lie detection if you've ever been the victim of a narcissistic love bombing slash gaslighting technique if you've ever been sucked back into a relationship after you've gotten out of it we're gonna teach you step by step how to isolate these people identify them and protect yourself against them and turn the tables on them this is why we call it defense against the dark arts you learn about face reading you learn about co-reading you learn about micro expressions you'll learn about the tools and tactics that these people use and how you can turn the tables on them once and for all 2 250 value the price does not go again this is only available for the. Next 21 people.

But if you really want to get in a you know get this stuff inside of you if you really want to immerse yourself in the trainings this is your opportunity to actually get the live experience okay. So once again let's review secrets of human influence home study course thousand four hundred and seventy nine dollar value weapons of mass instruction one thousand nine hundred and seventy dollar and ninety seven dollar value we're going to give that to you absolutely free renegade this should say renegade reframing uh one thousand nine hundred ninety seven dollar value we're going to give it to you free charisma and conversion hypnotic presentation skills 1997 we're going to give it to you free nlp power mastermind mentoring program 1597. we're going to give it to you for free the stealth instant conversational hypnosis crash course 997 value we're gonna give that to you absolutely free and. Finally the killer influence defense against the dark arts vip super ticket four day certification boot camp his 2 250 value we're going to give it to you absolutely free that class meets august 30th to september 3rd i actually think this is a five-day training. So this is that there's actually a title here it's actually a five-day training.

So it's actually worth more than 22.50 total package values 13 325 yours today for just 9.97 or if you need to you can break that up into three easy installments of just 3.97 each all you got to do to get yours is go to www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go that's www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go one more time with feeling www.killerinfluence.com forward slash geo now a couple of things usually when we start to present this the phone goes off the hook. With people trying to get a hold of stephanie emailing if you call stephanie 858-282-4663 is the magic number stephanie nlpower.com is the the email hopefully holly and stephanie and brandon can post those uh in the chats for people here's the thing if you call please please please please please leave your contact information if we if it takes us till tomorrow to get back to you you will still qualify for the original package if you do not leave your email and your other contact information your phone number and all that other stuff you will not qualify for the fast action bonuses okay. I can't stress that enough if you if you call on the line is busy or goes to the voicemail keep calling okay. Please please please i've had this happen people call two three days.

Later saying you know i wanted the package i called. But and we asked did you leave your contact information well no. Just thought you'd call back no. It doesn't work that way guys if you want this stuff and i know you do you got to click that link get in now get that fast action bonus those vip tickets if you have questions that we can answer if you have if you bought a package from us in the past and you have some of these courses pick up the phone call stephanie let us know if if you have one of these courses already we'll let you swap out a course of equal or lesser value.

So you can customize your package a little bit okay. This vip ticket does not expire if it takes you two years to get to a live event now it'll be waiting for you when you're ready okay. All you got to do to get yours is go to www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go that's www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go one more time www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go okay. So here's what we're going to do while you guys are getting that done i'm going to give you guys a seven minute break to use the restroom uh type any questions you might have to stephanie and or through emails or chats when we come back we're going to pick up with the emotional bonding checklist where we left off and we're going to customize the content of our webinar.

So you come away with even more super powerful persuasion techniques that you can apply tomorrow or even tonight if you go out okay. So it is uh 5 48 by my clock here let's reconvene at uh 558 because it's going to the clock is going to change and we'll continue teaching and learning and practicing sound like a plan okay. Click that link click that link click that link and go ahead and reserve your packages and we'll come back and we'll get back into more stuff i can't wait take care hey everybody i'm back from the proverbial potty break. So while we're waiting uh for the we got a few minutes in our break in our break yet.

So while we're waiting let's go if anybody has any questions that uh i can answer for you or uh things you want me to elaborate on before we get back to the content of tonight's webinar feel free to go ahead and ask and i'll go ahead and answer as many questions as i can robin's asking about the book. I wrote in 2003 it was called secret orgasm tips and it was a multimedia home study course it should be available through the nlp power website it was a very young work. But it worked really really well uh sharkey's asking david would love any insight you have on the bankston spinning technique would love a workshop or mini workshop any thoughts we just finished a seven day long training in costa rica where we went deep dive into all of that technology. So maybe uh if we ever if it's hack.

So if we ever get that edited we may make some of that available linda katan oh i remember linda and most your products they may already have storytelling incredible i do not see them on your website are they contained in the bundle um storytelling is weapons of mass instruction. So if you have the storytelling course that is weapons of mass instruction. So it is included in the bundle. But again if you do have a lot of these if you can find products on the website that are the same value or less we can swap that out for you curtis is asking david how nlp and therapeutic medical fitness is similar and how are they different what are each good for what can each accomplish well.

First and foremost when people people often make an arbitrary distinction between nlp and hypnosis nlp is hypnosis um it's just a type of hypnosis that focuses on the structure of subconscious processes rather than the content. So an nlp an nlp trainer or nlp practitioner would listen would focus on the uh the colors and the sounds and the smells and the taste themselves of an inner internal experience whereas the hypnotist would focus on the movie of it they're they're both basically hypnotic they just target a different aspect of you makes a human experience subjective experience um let's see here ben says the seminal loan is worth yes. Thank you for that did i pronounce it right. Badaji is that how you pronounce it i mentioned david you mentioned another book.

Earlier not one of mine the only book. That i really mentioned okay. Cool um the only other book. That i think i mentioned was never split the difference by chris voss which is really worth having if you don't have it in your persuasion library you really should i want to say i recently had someone replace their issues with something i did after natural life i had recently someone please replace their issues with something i did after a night to realize the happening used to the magic okay.

I'm not sure i understand that question jeff are you still coming to las vegas uh i'll be in vegas uh july 23rd through august 6th that shirt blew me away antron petty i don't know i feel energized inspired ambitious when i'm in the webinars. But once i'm by myself i'm having a difficult time studying material i'm still working on state control any advice yes. Get your butt into the mastermind get your get yourself into the community where you can actually interact a lot of people are going through this same the same problem is that and i think a lot of it has to do with a lack of social interaction and and human beings to commune and associate with i think a lot of us um because of i think we have this tendency naturally. But i think that because of the.

Last 24 months a lot of us have been really demoralized when we're alone and i think we need to break that mold we need to find ways to get out and about to renew our social connections with other people and i think the mastermind community is absolutely the fast track to getting to getting that handled says i'm autistic and i'm pretty much an amalgamation of toxic behaviors picked up for my relationships how can i become more self-aware of things that are red flags oh easy um learn the techniques i've had several people who are on the on the spectrum come into our killer influence trainings and learn. So and identity by design trainings and learn. So much about how to read people especially from the face reading and cold reading stuff that it actually fills that gap between what they can between what they feel versus what they see um for you bedazzi i would really really recommend you look. At face reading as well as the killer influence defense against the dark arts material as a way to really really really become more adept at uh evaluating social cues which is the thing i see that most people on the spectrum tend to miss uh and a guy named guy i'm talking about in particular his name was charles uh and he became.

So good at reading faces in spite of the fact that he'd never been able to really perceive a lot of the the social interactions that were going on around him before it was really powerful for him. So i really think that would be the best biggest bang for your buck will the vegas training be at the orleans yes. It will oh you're talking about the like switch by jack shafer like switch l-i-k-e-w-i-s-e or w-s-i-t-h like switch uh you can go you can just do an internet search on david snyder dr david snyder nlp you can go to my website davidsnlp.com you can go to nlp power you can binge watch our youtube channel to your heart's content um again tons and tons and tons of free information go and check me out all you want test the stuff before you do anything yeah all right. Oh we're two minutes over my bad all right.

Let's get back to work all right. So once again um secrets of human influence inflation home study course 2497 value weapons of mass instruction uh renegade reframing of conversational uh belief change very very powerful charisma and conversion hypnotic presentation skills for presenters and public speakers the nlp power mastermind mentoring program and the uh 11-year archive 90-day trial and of course the killer influence defense against the dark arts vip ticket all years for one low low investment of 997. by all means you know take this material test it out okay. You'll be amazed you don't have to believe anything i've told you just go do it and you'll be amazed how rapidly people just are doing what you say liking you more and more does this work elizabeth is asking does this work only with the spoken word it works any place that language is involved text chat email blog posts articles video phone any place where human language is involved these techniques work okay. It's a great question because people often ask is how is this different from writing it isn't yeah it's it's again i this i i don't usually tell this story.

But i this particular material the universal persuasion protocol that's the core of killer influence the cpi model literally paid my way through my undergraduate education i got a i got on honors in business management from oklahoma state university oklahoma city almost exclusively on writing scholarships turns out english professors are suckers for hypnotic language and it makes anything you write amazingly compelling and interesting and. So they just gave me all kinds of awards and scholarships and positions in the in the faculty and on staff as a byproduct of this system i've had city managers come in and take half a day of training and go back and get a big windfall to their budget just by applying one or two of these techniques okay. Um this this stuff is super powerful in writing it's super powerful spoken it's video courses um youtube videos it's it's it's that game changing it will change your life. But here's the thing if you're just a tourist in other words if you're gonna if your intention is to buy this stuff and just look.

At it don't okay. This stuff only works for you if you actually get off your ass and you actually use it and you have fun with it i can shorten the learning curve. But i can't remove it if you get up do the drills get the skills you come to the events you binge watch the videos you come to the masterminds this stuff will become an intrinsic part of you it will be almost impossible not to use it. But some people will try right.

Avoid being a collector be an action taker put these things into operation and start with only the things you like and as they work for you get excited about taking the. Next step all right. Again you have a 60 days to try this out and put these things to work let us help you get through the sticking points. But at the end of the day if you're buying this with the intention of not actually using it save your money.

But if you want your life to be different if you deserve a better life and you want to put if you want to be different click the link get your course and let me help you help yourself let me help you get these skills into you let me surround you with people who are going to support you and give you the opportunity to practice because that's the. Second payment that makes the difference the. First one is the money that's the easy payment guys money is a renewable resource you can always make more that gives you access to the information. But it's the.

Second payment that payment is time energy effort to do the drills to get the skills that's what takes you from access to ownership and once you own this stuff nobody can take it away from you ever again it will serve you any time you decide to use it you know you got to believe it you just gotta do it okay. And you will believe it because you'll prove it to yourself okay. If you wanted click the link man let's let's get this show on the road. But now let's get back to training let's get back to learning.

So when i left i talked about the correct the criteria question is what's important about right. You guys remember this yes. Yes. Okay.

Good now we have three basic choices i want you to take a moment type into the chat what topic do you want to know most about today aaron burch says my ex-husband doesn't bother to try to pick a fight because of this stuff he doesn't get anywhere loving relationships making friends who know this stuff okay. Influence okay. Well influence is kind of the major topic settling a divorce okay. How to influence women okay.

Face reading public equals pr okay. What else we got that's it all right. So let's put it this way. So i have we can go deeper into the emotional bonding checklist we can play with that a little bit more if you want or we can talk about removing resistance to persuasion and influence marianne's asking about getting a millionaire mindset okay.

We can play with um how to bond people in other words we call three magic questions protocol which is designed to take you from complete stranger to intimacy trusted connection bordering on love and romantic love in as little as 20 minutes we can talk about some of the most powerful language patterns that exist what would you like to focus in on for the rest of today three magic questions okay. Mike's got three magic questions protocol okay. Magic questions i've seen a lot of magic questions three magic goes okay. You are the.

First group i've had uh that did not want to go in the resistance removal okay. So the best part is when we talk about three magic questions protocol now there's other talking about resistance removal okay. We talk about three magic questions protocol three magic questions protocol is actually a code it's a code for three levels of question each question or each level of question has a very specific function and purpose that leads into elizabeth is saying uh changing someone's perspective that would be renegade reframing uh it looks like the vast majority we can talk a little bit about some of those things if you guys want to i don't have a problem with it like i said um my job is to give you styu's actionable stuff now remember if this is the scope of everything that's in the package we're offering we've got time for this okay. So i want to share with you as much as i can in the time that we have let me go ahead and readjust my camera a little bit okay.

Good all right. So three magic questions protocol is about three levels of questions let me go to my screen all right. I gotta pull this up real quick hold on oops that didn't do what i wanted to do okay. So three magic questions literally how to make people like trust and even love you in as little as 20 minutes the three magic questions is a conversational framework it's a it's a template that you apply to interactions okay.

This particular template allows two people who are strangers to rapidly generate pleasurable stimulating conversations that trigger deeper levels of emotional attraction trust and bonding now an intrinsic part of the three magic questions protocol is the echo technique okay. The original um inspiration for this process was a book. Called love trances by a guy named craig rovinsky r-o-v-i-n-s-k-y craig ravinsky did a brilliant job of summarizing uh what i would become a template for this i modified it a little bit because the original program was designed for women to use on men let me let me let me bring that back the original version of three magic questions was designed for women to use on men to do two things at the same time the. First one is to generate attraction conversationally and organically the.

Second was to create a way for a woman to evaluate the suitability of the man as a romantic partner by triggering intense levels of trust chemistry and connection leading to self-disclosure in other words remember i talked about the echo technique i said when you start using the echo technique on somebody what's the. First thing that happens do you guys remember type it in the chat was one of the. First things that i told you to watch out for they start talking exactly the moment they start talking they start giving you more and more and more and more information about who they are and the life they lead their sense of possibility their sense of deservingness or entitlement two similar words that have very different directions in life the whole process was designed to be deployed in as little as 20 minutes. So that from from the beginning of a date or a conversation to that 20 minute mark a woman could again at the time a woman could find out everything she would ever need to know about the person in front of them.

So that they could make an educated decision as to whether to get the hell out of there keep them in the friend zone or move them up to a potential relationship status the byproduct of it was the man the receiver at the time would develop tremendous tremendous tremendous emotional and physical connections to the woman now when i got a hold of it i started looking at different things and i just wanted to. So i started to modify it ever. So slightly. So that both genders could use it with any gender they wanted and even i don't see the pores for the trees sometimes i started teaching this as a way because when i teach attraction workshops and i still do teach attraction workshops once every couple years or.

So. But i always teach co-eds men and women in the same room learn the same materials. So they can practice together and get real world feedback from the person that the target of that influence it's very very powerful uh the courses are called rapid attraction secrets and attraction mastery i think there's one coming up in february of 2023 if anybody's interested in doing it live. But it is a co-ed class men and women training together for the sole purpose of learning how the other half works and being able to find a better mate and things of that nature that's what three magic questions is going to do for you.

But dumb me never realized that there were other applications for this and. So one day i'm you know one week i'm teaching killer influence and for some mysterious reason that particular training i had like four personal injury attorneys show up at the same training at the same time and for some reason half of them didn't know each other and they all sat together i called them my legal department right. And one guy took. 80 pages of notes from the from the fourth from the four day training he sent them to me it's really comprehensive a few weeks.

Later i start getting all of these field reports from these lawyers using three magic questions during deposition they're using it during jury selection they're using it on cross they're use they're using it on potential clients and these people are just pulling down seven figure verdict after seven figure verdict six figures here seven figures there and these juries are falling in love with these guys and gals and i'm like what you can do that and. Then. Then it hit me the romantic archetype is the archetype for all social interaction. So if something will work in a romantic context it will easily translate into a business context a professional context a client attorney or jury attorney process.

So i started realizing wait a minute this thing can be used everywhere. So i started using it in my client intakes when i would see patients i would come in and i would start just running through these three magic questions and people would just open up they would give me. So much information and that's the beauty of this when you start using this process people are gonna fire hose you with information you don't even wanna know. But you'll be able you're going to be able to use all right.

So i'm going to give you a few before we get into the actual structure and i'm going to teach it to you before we get into the actual structure i got to give you a few warnings one of the things you have to remember is that you are going to have body feelings come up as you you engage in this three magic question process you must be in control of your state through the entire process as i tell my students abt always be testing you're when you deploy this particular sequence of framework conversational framework the idea is you're using it to generate attraction trust and connection and elicitation of information you want these people to literally open up their hearts and show you everything that's inside and what's interesting is they will. But you have to be evaluating the information that you get through every step of the process and if this person is not meeting your standards if they're not meeting your criteria you must have the strength to pull the plug on the interaction to eject or or redefine the relationship. So that you don't get sucked into a relationship that you don't want because we're all from this point on we're no. Longer dating people with potential right.

You know what i'm talking about because you've all dated the same person with a different face multiple times male or female doesn't matter the idea behind three magic questions is to give you a tool to simultaneously generate attraction and information for the purpose of either accepting or eliminating them as a potential partner. So you can slot them into the place in your life where they belong either the hell no. Category the acquaintance category the outer circle of friends category the internet friends category the friends with benefits category the dating category or the uh you know life partner category the whole idea behind this is to give you an ability to evaluate and generate does that make sense yes. Or no.

Okay. This is the interactive portion of the webinar okay. So let's look. At this once again three magic questions is a code.

So some some ways that you do this. So three levels of question and this is some things you wanna these are guidelines that i want you to have okay. Throughout this protocol whether you're doing question level one level two or level three questions you always ask open-ended questions these are questions that cannot be answered with a yes. Or no.

That must be answered with an explanation or an opinion or a story you want to get them talking you want to get them sharing experiences with you if the question you asked can be answered with a yes. Or no. It's not the appropriate kind of question. So you never want to ask a yes.

Or no. Question you want to share opinions and stories when you share opinions and stories you want to make sure you use their words okay. Use the echo technique throughout the entire process okay. So let's talk about level one questions level one questions are always what we call location occasion questions these are very superficial very non-threatening questions about the location you're at or the reason you're there right.

So for example if i'm um if i'm at a bar i may say i may walk up to somebody and say. So what do you think of the band hold on a. Second i'm bouncing i'm trying to re-uh redo my my typeface or my type setting i might ask. So what do you think of the band they're going to give me an opinion right.

I might walk up to them and say oh. So you're here with friends or by yourself cool you're by yourself you're great are you waiting for friends great what time do you think your friends will be here are they cool people right. So again we want to we want to start by priming the pump with very general very safe very superficial questions one of my students came to one of my uh my free events he went out that night to a local bar walked up to a very attractive woman that caught his eye and all he asked was hey i'm curious what are the drink specials tonight six months. Later they're getting engaged and married right.

Went right. Through the three magic questions protocol does not matter man to man woman to woman male to woman woman it doesn't matter right. The idea is you always start off with a superficial non-threatening question now the strategy behind this is that you have to diffuse you have to do two things you have to defuse the defense mechanisms. But also you must cause a state change in the mind of the person.

So let me go some people i'm going to i'm going to diagram this for you in fact i might not have to diagram it because i think i might have it actually here we go okay. So when people move through the world they're in one of four potential states they're either inside their head oops my apologies for some reason my my power points are jumping all over the place today and i don't know why um okay. When people are moving through the world there they could be either inside their head use my little box to explain this they're either inside their head making pictures or they're outside we call that external paying attention. So you have internal associated or external dissociated you can have internal dissociated or external associated.

So most people are moving through the world in a state of internal association they're in their head thinking about everything that they got to do they got you know they got to pick up the laundry they got to pick up um they got to take the car to the shop they got prepped for that presentation tomorrow at work they're in their head not paying attention to anything other than a checklist the sole purpose behind level one questions is to get people from an internal dissociated state into an external associated state you want them outward you know what they're out in the world paying attention to you not thinking about anything else right. So when someone's in their head thinking about stuff they're internal dissociated they're not they're not present the sole purpose of level one questions is just to get people out of their head and into the world interacting with you does that make sense. So the questions are very simple non-threatening uh in the pickup in the seduction world they would they might call them opinion openers. But they're things that require an explanation or a story or an opinion are you with me.

So far. So if i'm at a wedding reception i might say what do you think of the band or what do you think of those uh those those uh centerpieces are cool what do you think right. Anything that gets them going you know if you're going to go even further off the seduction end they might say hey um quick question for you my uh my roommate has this girlfriend who wants to buy a couple of pugs and she wants to name them after an 80s an 80s pop music band and she's torn between millie vanilli uh or um wham or i forget what i don't even know 80s pop bands anymore which one do you think is cooler right. Doesn't really matter what they answer the fact that you've now broken the ice and engaged in a playful non-threatening superficial interaction lays the groundwork for level two question level two question is where the meat really really starts to happen.

But now here's what's happened when you ask these level one questions and they give you an answer here's what you do you listen to what they say you agree with it you validate what they say you repeat their words back to them you ask another question we call that the master echo sequence. So let's let's i'm going to repeat it several times. So you can write it down okay. You ask your question you pay attention to their response you validate the response you echo their words you ask another question one more time you ask a question you pay attention to the response you validate their response you echo their response you ask another question one more time you ask your question you pay attention you validate their response you echo their words you ask another question all you do through 90 of the rest of the process is that you ask a question you pay attention you validate what they say you echo their words you ask another question are you with me.

So far okay. Okay. Now at some point during the conversation you're gonna level two questions are always about one of several things career pleasure fun once again level two questions are always about either careers pleasures passions and fun when i. First learned through magic questions they basically talked about careers why is that because a person in our society regardless of you know most you know there's exceptions to every rule.

But in in western culture and to a greater to more or less a degree in eastern cultures you are what you do. So if you ask somebody what do you do for a living they're usually going to say i'm a teacher or i am an accountant or i am a stockbroker or i am an nlp trainer or i am a chiropractor most people will not say i do chiropractic they won't say i do law they don't say i do accounting they'll almost always always always preface what they do with the statement i am when you hear the words i am you guys remember that pyramid i showed you earlier do you need me to show it to you again yes. Yes. Okay.

Let me find it real quick okay. So you guys remember this triangle right. This little pyramid thing i showed you anytime you hear the words i am you are hearing a belief about themself that is right. Here you are literally accessing the apex of their belief systems you are talking about the things most precious to them you guys remember that feeling of validation you got when we started playing when i started you started echoing and repeating when you started repeating your own words back to yourself do you remember that when i had you do the exercise you you held the words up and you read them out loud you guys remember that and the feeling you had the moment a person starts talking about their job whether their job is shitty or not this is the weird part they start going into a profound pleasure state because they're talking about their favorite subject themselves okay.

And. So literally they'll talk for 20 or 30 minutes and tell you the most ridiculous things and be happy about it what do you do through the entire process you ask a question you pay attention you validate their response you echo their words you ask again you ask another question some of the questions you might ask might be something like. So i'm curious you know what do you do for a living oh i'm an accountant wow you're an accountant really wow i know there's a lot of accounts out there. But i don't know a lot of them personally i'm curious what is it about accounting that thrills you what made you decide to get get into accounting in the.

First place i bet there's a story there well yeah you know my mom my dad were both accountants they were always good with numbers they loved numbers and i kind of inherited that from them at an early age and i was like mom and dad and i used to get around we do all these math puzzles and all these math equations i just always had a natural i just love it i'm passionate about it and. So for me the opportunity to work with numbers and and finding balance you know was really something that just resonated with me and i just you know i took. I followed my dad's lead and my mom's leading and i went to school and and i just decided to open my own shop i spent a few months with dad and mom and learned some of the tricks. So to speak and.

Then i put out my own shingle and i never looked back it's been a great journey you know and i'm really it's it's really been fun really. So you just you always love numbers and you just decided to chart your own course you spent a few months with dad and went out into the old world and it's been great for you ever since i'm curious what do you what what do you find the most challenging about being an accountant well i think the most challenging thing is when someone comes in and their books are a complete mess you know it's like i can really just i can grab a hold of it and i can just bring order out of chaos you know and they relieve a lot of that tension i feel like i've actually done something powerful and positive you know for a person wow. So you really like to make people feel like you come out you know bring order out of chaos and and make things people feel to bring something powerful and positive i think that's. So amazing now one of the things that happens is at some point during any conversation your brain is gonna how many by the way when i was talking about being an accountant how many of you found yourself sorting through your experience trying to find something similar to what i was describing anybody have that experience just type it in the chat because that's what i talk about.

Next okay. What you just experienced was what we call in nlp a trans-derivational search when we're talking about this protocol what would talk about what you're getting is called analog matching this happens organically all the time if i start telling a story your brain starts going through all of its filing cabinets trying to find a similar experience it does that for the sole purpose of being able to understand the person better to find commonalities okay. And what most people do is they let the person talk and. Then when it's their turn to talk they tell their story right.

This happens on dates all the time and literally because women tend to have better social skills than men when it comes to. First dates man is sitting there trying to impress a woman he's talking about how he went to maui and how he learned seven figures a year and um you know all the things he's gonna do he's trying to you know build himself up and impress the person again it could be a man it could be one doesn't matter i'm just using a classical heterosexual relationship as an example it doesn't have to be. But they're trying to impress the person what does the other person do they sit there they smile they nod by the end of the night the person doing all the talking is in love with the person who smiled and nodded she wants to gnar arm off to get away from this boring why because he didn't do the same thing he didn't talk to her he didn't ask her all he did was tell stories about himself that's not how it works why because you brought up a subject this person went through their filing cabinets trying to find a match when it was if they got a turn to speak they started telling their story and you spend you start swapping stories the way you hack this it's something that should happen. But the way you hack this is when it's time to tell your story you use their words to tell your story.

So in this example i'm talking to my accountant friend and he's talking about how he just loves when people come in with this big mess and he reaches in and he can bring order out of chaos you can see the relief just come over their face right. Now if i were playing the other side of that we're doing the analog matching i'll say you know what that is an amazing experience i know when clients come in their head is full of crap it's full of trauma everything is disorganized from all the different experiences all the different people they've been to and it's like i can just reach in and clean it up bring all that order out of chaos and they come out of it with this massive release like this massive burden has been lifted off their shoulders and i think that's amazing when you can have an experience like that and just bring that order out and put things back in their proper place i'm curious about something where do you see yourself four or five years from now where you know what's. Next for for you know attorney accountant jane. So what did i do there just deconstruct what i just did in terms of the accountant and myself what did i do oh it got real quiet real quick guys asked for their vision okay.

What did i do before that curtis did i do before that i told the story didn't i i certainly did ask a question listen up. But when it came time exactly mike the accountant told his story and. Then i said that reminds me of a time winner that's just like when that's my transition into my story. But when i told my story i used their words remember when he was talking about a client comes in and their books are a mess and there's chaos and there's he brings that remember when he the account was saying those things i took.

Those words and when i told my story i grafted those words into my story and. So now what happens is whereas before we were at this level of connection because i told a similar story using their personal emotional words this happens now we're on a deep level of connection and all we do go back and watch the replay and transcribe it a little bit it wasn't the cleanest. But it's there what happens is when you hack the analog matching process the coming up with a story that you can tell is a natural part of organic conversation it's when you take their words and embed them in your story you use their personal words as part of your story that you take that connecting process and supercharge it and all you've got to do is just keep cycling ask a question pay attention validate the response echo their words ask another question when there's a time for you to tell a story tell a short version use as many of their words in it as possible ask a question pay attention validate the response echo their words ask another question and you can you can you can go from perfect stranger to bff in as little as 20 minutes or more you can go further than that. But now here's the thing i want to caution you on remember that throughout this process you are always evaluating the information the person gives you.

So that you can decide if they're a fit for what you're looking for or not you never go to level three questions unless you are absolutely positive that you want this person to be a permanent part of your life you understand that most of the relationship needs that you'll have can be fulfilled and satisfied at level two questions level three questions is where you really start to hack the unconscious mind okay. Is everybody clear with what i've what i've talked about. So far in terms of level one questions level two questions level one questions are all about location occasion they have one basic outcome to get them out of their head into the world to ask threatening non-threatening superficial questions right. Which gives you the ability to have something to echo something to ask something to echo okay.

When you hit level two level two questions are always about career pleasure passion fun why well the reason i when i when i. First learned this it was only career everybody everybody has an idea for a business or a book. And. So the minute you get them talking about it they go into a profound pleasure state now what's interesting about level two questions now the.

First example i asked. So i'm curious what is it what what made you want to become an accountant in the. First place i mean that's there i bet there's an origin story there the. First example i gave you was very positive right.

His mom and dad were both accountants they both loved math they did math together they had fun with math boom right. And the person goes into a profound pleasure state talking about that profound fun experience. But here's the here's the interesting part let's say i ask a different accountant that question and they say well you know my mom and dad were good at math math came easy to me i figured well it's a no-brainer i'll just go work with mom and dad and when they pass on i'll just inherit the business and i'll take it over right. You know that's a it's a done-for-you business in a box kind of a thing and you know i just think that uh you know i have a lot of interesting ideas.

But i can't implement them because my dad is too stuck in his ways my mom supports my dad once they're gone it'll be mine and i'll be able to do whatever i want you know and you know after i get out of rehab and move out of my parents basement you know things are going to be great what's interesting now by the way both are valid answers to that how did you become an accountant question. But they give you very profoundly different profiles of that person's psyche don't they right. Here's what's funny the person who gave you the. Second story how it was the easy path least resistance they'll be just as happy telling you that story yes.

The basement is getting out of the basement is the red flag and the rehab right. But i make a joke. But here's the thing they'll be just as excited about talking to you saying that as the other one where he's talk has that pot why because no. Matter what question you're asking if you're doing the echo technique properly they're talking about their favorite subject and they're feeling validated they're feeling accepted and as long as you maintain that echo sequence sincerely they will just unload the most heinous stuff that they think you're perfectly accepting of.

But you'll be able to create a profile in your mind that says okay. This is who this person really is. So one of the things i have to caution you about always be testing if you're doing this properly you will start to become connected no. Level three for basement dwellers yes.

That's very true right. All right. So we'll go to level three in just a moment. But for the sake of clarity and again just to remind you that the clock is running right.

For those of you who are still on the fence about the secrets of human influence home study course um this is what we've got going on along with the fast action bonus it's a two thousand four hundred ninety seven dollar value it's going to include the weapons of mass instruction neuro scientific storytelling secrets uh course course 1997 value we're going to include that free we're going to give you the renegade reframing uh instant conversational belief change home study course for 1997. we're going to give that to you free charisma conversion hypnotic presentation skills for presenters and public speakers 1997 value we're going to give that to you free you're going to get three months of the nlp power mastermind mentoring program and unlimited access for those 90 days to the 11-year video archive it's a 1597 value we're going to give that to you free you're going to get the stealth instant conversation of gnosis crash course it's a 997 value we're going to give that to you absolutely free and. Finally you're going to get that vip bonus ticket to the. Next killer influence defense against the dark arts live five-day certification boot camp august 30th through september 3rd las vegas nevada it's a 2 250 value we're going to give that to you absolutely free total package value is 13 325 you can get all of it and a whole lot more for one low investment of 9.97 or you can break that up into three easy payments of 397 each all you got to do to get yours is go go go to killer influence dot com forward slash you guessed it go geo www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go okay. One more time with feeling www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go all right.

Let's get back to the three questions now level three questions once again got to be careful if you reach that transition point and you're on the fence you're not sure one way or another stay at level two because if you do level three and you haven't profiled this person properly you could a wind up in a relationship that is codependent um masochistic or you could wind up with a stalker okay. Level three is once again where the rubber hits the road level three is always about early positive childhood experiences early positive childhood experiences the sample the sample template question that we use is. So i'm curious where did you grow up who are your friends what did you love to play at as a little kid right. A question i have to ask every now and.

Then i usually do this with a very playful tonality i'm sure who was your secret crush who did you absolutely have the hots for that you never wanted anybody to know about right. Now one of the things that you need to understand is that in the human psyche and in my 15 years of private practice not counting all the years of influence and persuasion training and things like that i have literally looked into the hearts and minds of thousands of human beings and when you peel back those layers and you open up what's inside you find the same thing you find a scared human being a scared little child terrified of being alone and desperate to be loved and accepted bar none every one of us has that child inside along the same lines the earlier memories that we had the earlier the memory we have the more foundational it is to our personality our sense of deservingness our sense of identity in the world when you ask somebody questions that have to do with their earliest positive childhood experiences you're literally taking the express train back to their earliest most fundamental memories and all the feelings and emotions connected to that memory literally it's like it opens up and the movie plays behind their eyes. While they're looking at you now if the movie's playing behind their eyes. What and they're accessing all the feelings who are they looking at when those feelings and emotions come up type it in right.

Very good now i'm betting at some point in your life you met somebody and even though you may have only known them for a few minutes or a short amount of time it suddenly felt like you knew them your entire life like for some reason they'd always been there and all the barriers just fall away and you just open up and connect fully with this person right. You've all had that experience with somebody true not true okay. When you have somebody access a memory it's called pseudo-orientation in time as that memory opens up and it starts to play inside of them and they're looking at you yes. They're feeling all those wonderful feelings from that experience.

But what literally happens what literally happens is that sense of time connected to the memory you insert yourself into that memory and they instantly feel like they've known you since that memory was created and this is how love is formed shared positive emotional experiences emotional highs and lows. So when you use level three questions you're literally using the wayback machine the tardis if you're a doctor who fan back to their earliest most powerful positive memories you're walking out of the tardis and into their world and. Then all that time distortion and that sense of knowing you since that memory was created in all the positive ways gets linked to you and they instantly trust you because they've known you for that long subjectively get it yes. Or no.

Yes. Or yes. As t hardwacker would say cool on there there was a question that went by really quick repeat this again can you ask that question again whoever the the chats went by too fast repeat this again about the significance of love okay. So when you do when you do level three questions early positive childhood experiences they're going to fly back on the wings of time to an early childhood memory that was positive for them when they do that you literally insert yourself into that memory for them you become connected to it embedded within it and.

So that sense of time gets grafted on to you it gets stuck to you. So they feel they start to feel like they've known you since that memory was. First created now they're going to start telling stories again right. When we start telling stories about that early positive childhood experience guess what you do you listen you pay attention you validate you echo you tell a version of your story using their words just like in level two.

But now because you're in that early phase of their life where they're most suggestible where their most malleable you create this massive connection trust love and attraction sensation bonding sensation at a childhood level that has the sensation of being 10 20 30 40 years old. So again i'm not saying don't use it i'm saying be very very sure if you are going to use it that the person you're using it on a is worthy of the gift and b is psychologically healthy okay. Yeah michael this is mike says this is powerful yes. Yes.

This is ridiculously powerful okay. Think about what you could do with just the echo technique at the beginning of the webinar think of what you felt on the on the emotional bonding checklist think about what this does what happens if you use them all inside the three magic questions protocol what if you actually started drilling down on all the reasons why those positive experiences were important to them guess what gets connected to you two as well now remember if you ask again this goes the other way now if you ask somebody to talk to you about an early positive childhood experience and the. First thing they do is tell you about a time when uncle uncle woody took. Him back behind the wood pile to show him a different kind of wrastlin warning red flag right.

Remember there's a lot of people out there who are shopping for a mommy a daddy or a therapist under the guise of a relationship this 3mq protocol will will have those people rise to the surface. So you can filter them out. But if you succumb to compassion if you succumb to video off with just the right. Guidance with just the right.

Potential they could be amazing you're going to get stuck from this point forward if you understand this protocol and you're applying it consciously and deliberately you no. Longer waste your time on people with potential you spend all of your time and energy on people who match you in a way that's desirable and are actualizing their potential because your own body feelings your own emotional connection will undermine your judgment if you don't stick to your evaluation criteria remember always be testing do you follow me how do you smoothly escape an existing client i think we need a little more context for that rob. But okay. I'm just how does this fit in the law of attraction law of attraction is going to pull people into your life that are in harmony with your dominant thoughts and personal vibrational signature if you're doing your law of attraction work well more people who you filter through the three magic questions process will fit your criteria this is why in.

So soulmate we have a class called soulmate secrets which is all about utilizing law of attraction to find your ideal partners the one thing that we find more and more and more about people looking for their ideal partners is they don't have a clear picture a clear idea of what that template or the for that ideal partner actually is they can't and if you ask them right. Down they can't. So we spend a good chunk of that training helping people get clarity on what they actually want in a partner and how they know they're getting it. Then once they have that a lot of times their partner just manifests automatically one guy moss he's one of my mega platinum students he went through.

So many secrets the. First time within two weeks he had his perfect girlfriend they've been together ever since right. But again as we evolve it doesn't mean by the way your perfect partner does not mean they're a perfect person these people that you bring into your life are gonna have why because you've got everybody's got the people that we encounter are designed to bring out the best in us by triggering sometimes the best of the worst in us. But if you don't know what actually makes you happy and what that actually looks like out in the real world if you can't externalize it you can't manifest.

So there's a lot of interaction and interconnectedness between law of attraction soulmate secrets and this material because one of the things that happens a lot with people who are looking for their soulmates is they have this vibrational orientation they believe in magic. But they don't have the skill set to attract may leave that up to the universe i find that if you actually fulfill both sides of that spectrum you have a much greater level of choice in what you get from the universe you will get a broken argument have an aaa client vietnam vet not military with common background okay. Well. First of all if they're a client um you may need to maybe i don't know again i don't know why you want to get rid of the client.

So again i can't i i think it's better rob if if we have that discussion in person if you come to like identity by design. Next week. Next month or killer influence talk to me about that rather than sharing all that information here on on a live forum i think he means how do you exit the level intimacy going the best the most direct way to do it is to violate their values if you've taken the time to list their emotional bonding checklist and you know exactly what their emotional hot buttons are you also know exactly what to do to get rid of them you do the exact opposites. But i wouldn't do that it's gonna it's gonna it's gonna be very damaging to them a daily phone call taking too much time okay.

I i have ideas. But what do the hebrew letters are words behind me mean these are um a sequence of hebrew letters designed to balance the energy and vibrations of the month of for the astrological sign of cancer it's a meditation that allows you to harmonize your energies and your emotions and things like that i teach this to my advanced students all right. Could you example of validating their value all right. Well this kind of puts the cherry on the sundae.

But before i do this one example let me just remind you once again that we're coming up to uh the the. Last call. So to speak for our vibration our um our package. So once again for those of you on the fence this is our secrets of human influence uh even home study course it's a 2479 value uh it's a includes the weapons of mass instruction.

So 1997 value we're going to give that to you free renegade reframing the art of conversational belief change nine hundred ninety seven dollar value we're going to give that to you free charisma and conversion oops my bad um one thousand nine hundred ninety seven dollar value absolutely free the nlp power mastermind mentoring trial one thousand five hundred and ninety seven dollars absolutely free stealth instant conversation this is crash course 97 997 we're gonna give it to you free and of course that vip super ticket valued at two thousand two hundred and fifty dollars we're gonna give that to you absolutely free uh total package value is 13 325. But you can get it all for one low installment of just uh 9.97 or if you need a little extra help you can break that up into three easy payments of 397 each all you got to do to get yours is go to www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go click the link click the link click the link and answer any questions that you have. So etienne's asking could you ex example of validating their value well i've been actually kind of doing that through every example. But let's talk about the one example i use for relationships specifically it goes back to the emotional bonding checklist okay.

So if i ask person a what's something you absolutely have to have in a relationship person a goes to me respect i go oh wow respect that's cool. So i'm curious just. So i understand you better how do you know when you're getting the respect that you need how do you know person b said person a says well it's easy i know that you respect me when you tell me the truth i know that you respect me when you don't worry about whether what you're going to say is going to hurt my feelings or not you tell me the truth and you're honest with me because i deserve the truth that's how i know you respect me person b he goes cool person a says to person b. So i'm curious what's important to you about a relationship what do you actually have to have in a relationship person b says well just like you respect i know that i can't be in a relationship where somebody doesn't respect me person a says okay.

So respect means different things to different people how do you know when you're being respected person b says well that's easy i know you respect me when you tell me the truth. But you do it in a way that doesn't make me feel bad about myself doesn't make me look. Like a dumbass doesn't embarrass me or cause me to feel bad about things in any way when you can stay things to me in a diplomatic um balanced way that's how i know you respect me now on one level person a their primary value is respect person b their primary value is respect. But the rules by which they recognize they're getting respect they're different aren't they what do you think is going to happen when these two people get into a disagreement what do you think this person is going to be blunt this person is going to meander and dissemble and be you know try to soften everything neither one of them is going to feel respected.

But each will claim to god the universe and and little green apples that they're giving the other person respect why because they're projecting how they do respect on the other person the words match. But the rule doesn't. So when you ask what's important about you also need to know how they recognize it and this is how you violate values this is how you match values this is how you violate values if somebody gives you the value of respect and their rule is you're diplomatic to me and you explain things in a way that doesn't hurt my feelings all you have to do is be an or just be very blunt and they'll feel violated and they'll push back they'll move away right. So the fastest way to get people to move out of your orbit is to act in a way that is not in harmony with their values and the greater their level of self-esteem the faster they'll move away does that answer the questions you guys were asking me okay.

So again a lot of our influence technique comes down to something very very fundamental your ability to pay attention to the cues and the information the person is giving you the more information that you have about the subject the easier they are to influence the more you know them better than they know themselves the easier they are to control to influence okay. But now remember we're not here to take advantage of people we're not here to mislead people if all you do if all you do is use a person's very own words to keep them connected to you your product or service and you do it long enough they will ask to do business with you they will almost do business with you out of default it's that robot it's almost it's not i don't want to say robotic in a bad way now i'll give you for for business com well for any context really. But really this goes into business work for business applications for those of you who are going to use the emotional bonding checklist echo technique or three magic questions for business when you take the time to elicit a person's checklist their emotional bonding values and rules let's say you have a product that has 37 features. But the values and the rules that they gave you only match three the only ask the only features you talk about in your 37 feature product or service are the three that came out of their mouth you do not talk about any of the other 34 and if you do that effectively they will just jump at it they will just ask to buy they'll take there'll be almost no.

Resistance. But the moment you start to get creative the moment you've talked about you've got 37 things that give you three the moment you move away from those three and start talking about any of the other 34 you'll literally see their faces change you'll see the lights go out they'll start to lose interest why because that's not in their list it's not about how many things your product or service will do it's always about what they want what is right. And natural in their world get me you follow me right. So when you stop and you think about everything you can do what you can now do from this webinar with just the three or four techniques that i've shared with you if you apply those you see yourself applying those to every aspect of your life imagine what you can do with the full system imagine what you can do with the ability to overcome any objection or just completely eliminate them because you go right.

To the things that they want to buy or want to do instead of all the they don't right. Tell them compelling stories right. Hanging out with people you love that validate and and make you feel good about yourself that you can practice with and talk about this stuff without feeling weird right. I encourage you if you liked even a tiny piece of what we got you got on the webinar grab one of those few remaining packages and join me in las vegas august 30th uh through september.

Third or fourth sorry am i am i getting too quiet all right. Join me in las vegas on august 30th through september 3rd all right. Click that link killerinfluence.com forward slash go and uh i got a good time for like one or two more questions and i'm going to go ahead and take those bonuses away what do you got what are the three questions there are three levels of questions deborah. First one is location occasion.

Second is uh career passion pleasure fun and. Then the. Third is early positive childhood experiences all right. And on that note for those of you in the uh the youtube world thank you.

So much for joining with us if you have questions when the replay for this video goes live by all means type them in the chat if you have questions regarding the package or customizing your packages reach out to stephanie at stephanie nlpower.com six three 858-282-46638-2824 look. Forward to seeing you all again very very soon my intention is to get more content uh up on the tube as soon as i can uh this session will probably take a good 30 or 40 minutes to render. But it should be openly available to the public uh sometime tonight that being said in the words of the immortal cow burnette i'm. So glad we had this time together just to have a laugh or sing a song it seems we just got started and before you know it comes the time we have to say.

So long good night god bless use these skills and make your life everything you want to be click that link join us in las vegas get your package let us know how we can take your life help you take your life to the. Next level i love you all take care.
