Title: Emergency Pain Relief Techniques - Neck Pain, Back Pain, Shoulder Pain, Elbow Pain and More
File Name: XlMSiXcazxM.txt
Video Id: XlMSiXcazxM
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XlMSiXcazxM

You for every emotional state that you have you have a corresponding physiology and breathing pattern that expresses it it's a feedback loop you can't do one without the other we're going to prove that thank you give a big round of applause everybody stand [Applause] up again we're gonna we're gonna move through this part real quick and. Then the faith healing will start okay. So. First thing that's.

First is. I want you to guys to. I'm going to give you a very specific occasion that. I want you to memorize or bring up for me.

First thing is. I want you to remember a time in your life. I want you to remember a time in your life when you saw something you wanted. I mean the moment you saw it like.

Zing lust. Factor 999.999 n% right. On a 10 scale right. And you decided no.

Matter what you were going to get it right. You were going to do whatever it took. Right. And you made a plan you put the plan into operation you worked the plan and you nailed it home run all right.

I want you to remember that moment when you realized you nailed it. I want you to see what you saw. I want you to hear what you heard want you to feel what you felt most importantly. Renee and everybody else.

I want you to stand the way you were standing in that moment. I. Want. You to.

Breathe the way you were breathing in that moment if you know how to point to the picture make the picture huge right. Spin that sucker we're going to get to that in a minute right. But here's what. I want you to do.

I want you to let that feeling fully engage keep your posture exactly the same keep your breathing exactly the same here's the. Next here's the. Next drill without changing anything not your breathing not your posture try to feel bad what notice you can't do it now turn around and look. At.

TJ because. I don't want you looking at me when. I do this. Next part.

TJ's the big tall guy who can actually see over his over you now. I want you to remember a time in your life when you saw something same loss. Factor. But it didn't manifest didn't work out and.

I want you to remember how you felt at that moment it didn't work out. I want you to stand the way you were standing. I. Want.

You to. Breathe the way you were breathing and let the feeling come back we won't stay here very long. But while keeping that posture keeping that breathing pattern without changing anything try to feel good notice you might have a bit of trouble doing that maybe it's just freaking impossible now here's what. I want you to do hold on to that negative feeling.

But shift your body back to the positive physiology stand like the winner that you are. But hold on to that negative feeling if if you can and notice what happens instead what do you notice you can turn around look. At me now it's all good. Hallelujah would you notice sir felt bad what you notice noral.

I. I went from shifting you know from that you know hopeless feeling to okay. Now. I can do it in spite of the fact that.

I consciously told you to hold on to the negative right. That's my point for the most part unless you are an elite athlete someone who's design who's specially trained to exert willpower in high stress situations your physiology will dominate your psychology all the time the physiology dominates the psychology unless you have had specialized training okay. You can take that to the bank now when you activate this aspect of your sematic reality you can control any feeling you given and decide what to feel instead it is the ability to change your posture that allows us to exert control over ourselves anywhere under any circumstance for any reason if you're feeling shitty chances are your posture shows it if you change your posture you can't feel shitty anymore shitty being a technical term specialized human influence technologies have a seat okay. So.

First things. First if you don't know what else to do change your posture change your posture right. Second thing change your breathing now breathing takes a little bit more cognition whenever we experience pain or fear mostly fear in this case our breathing tends to stop we tend to hold our breath it it adds to the stress and the arousal in our system and it becomes harder to exert cognitive control the. Next thing that we're going to talk about is from a.

Russian martial art known as. Systema. So stemma has the distinction of being a martial art taught specifically to the spetznas the. Russian.

Special. Forces okay. Who are designed and trained to deal with and work in highly unusual dangerous and fluid circumstances and to be able to function they don't have the option to stop when they're injured they have to keep going they have to finish the mission there will be times when you just have to finish the mission even if you're not a soldier right. Happens to me all the time right.

Because. I deal with humans in their natural habitat right. The technique the. First breathing pattern we're going to talk about is what we call normal or operational breathing it's a smooth continuous breath pattern in through the nose out through the mouth in through the nose out through the mouth the basic principle is if your breathing is smooth and continuous your psyche your psycho emotional state will be smooth and continuous if your psyche and your breathing are smooth and continuous your movement will be smooth and continuous they all relate when we get fear we tend to stop breathing and we get more stress if we can just resume the breathing pattern we can rebalance the system.

So there's a pattern we call. Square breathing which is actually taught to a lot of people suffering from anxiety it means you take an in breath for four beats hold that hold full for four beats exhale for four beats hold empty for four beats that's a square pattern right. Uh and in in um. Western parlament it's known as tactical breathing we actually the the our our special forces are actually taught that in a group of people who suffer from anxiety the reports.

I get say that about 50% will experience a marked decrease in their stress level while the other percentage will will actually go up any any attempt at controlling the breath tends to stress them out for some some reason it's just one of those weird things. But that is one way that we can begin to once again exert control it's also why many of your metaphysical and meditational disciplines focus on breath work the breath is the the bridge between the body and the psyche and that is much more true than you can possibly imagine okay. How many people here have seen my videos where. I make people dance like a puppet.

I hold their arm and. I just make them kneel and bound you've seen it. I've done think. I've done it to you right.

Um you've seen it numerous times right. Um. You can go on. YouTube and watch it.

I won't waste your time with it here because we want to get to the nitty-gritty now that's for normal operational breathing if you're stressed out. But what about emergencies what about when when the you know something clock you know cleans our clock or we we take a hit or a you know an accident happens right. In front of us and we. Panic what do we do about that well.

First thing change your posture the. Second thing is activate a breathing pattern the breathing pattern we're going to work with. First is known as burst breathing burst breathing it's kind of hard to describe. But you have to actually connect your.

Consciousness with your breath with the part of your body that hurts do we have any. Marshal artists in the room um okay. What what's your art sir. Kos oh cool.

I'm a. Kosh guy. I know right. Um.

So uh can. I can. I borrow you for a. Second normally.

I'd have people just do push-ups on me. But it's just you won't see it um. So one of the things that um that happens and. I'm going to demonstrate.

I'm going to let him do the burst breathing because. I want him to feel the difference with this the secret is when we start working with burst breathing you have to treat your your breathing like a psych like a suction pump or a siphon anybody ever siphon gas out of a car no. Not us right. Right.

So if. I put if. I do a finger lock on him going down right. Finger lock is a very simple way to test this uh and any kind of a shoulder lock is also very good.

I'll show you some other ways you can practice this uh if during the breaks or whatever you want to put each other in pain and practice getting out of it it's a good way this is also u u from a more yogic perspective this is also a very good way to become more flexible because once you understand this concept see in the. Russian martial arts fear is not just an emotion fear is an energy it's an energy that accumulates in the body and utilizing the breath and the. Consciousness we can siphon that energy out of the body now one of my. St my student one of my students.

I didn't do this he did it took. It to a little bit of an extreme and he would challenge his friends to arm wrestling matches and while the person is trying to arm wrestle him he would use this burst breathing and suck the energy out of the person's arm and they' be going ah they' be like struggling and they be like right. So the secret here now is as. I apply this lock now we don't want to we don't want to jam it because again his psyche isn't trained at that level yet.

So we start with something that's mildly discomfortable right. Just enough now. I want you to. Mark.

I want you to put your mind in that part of your joint that feels the pain all of them or just that one just that one okay. All right. Okay. And.

I want you to when you inhale through your nose. I want you to imagine you could suck a little tiny pie a little tiny piece of that discomfort out of the joint to the back of your throat and literally spit it out excuse me okay. And notice what happens to the feeling in your hand what feeling keep going. I'm actually doing it harder than when.

I started he yes. You you see now in order to do that you have to bridge now some people when they see this on. YouTube or whatever they just start going and they just start breathing without use putting their mind in the part. So the way this works thank you give him a big round of applause the way this works is we have to link the mind in the breath and we have to be willing to stop what we're doing long enough at least to practice.

Anyway to be able to draw the tension and the pain out and you take little sips right. So how much time do. I have on this particular talk two hours two hours. I always.

I love your enthusiasm thank you all. So much for coming out by the way it's really it's just it's wonderful to see everybody. So give yourselves a big. I also want to take the time to thank our staff you know.

Alexa and and and. Linda and. Tracy and. Dr.

Don and. Candy uh and if. I forget and of course. TJ who's like our techno.

God right. And anybody else who who. Who's part of the team that. I did not mention thank you.

So much for for everything it's been a wonderful 10 years and things are just going to get more exciting because we're making new breakthroughs and discoveries here every single day. But remember. First and foremost you got to control your state if you want to control pain if you can't control your state it's not going to matter fastest way to control your stage is to control your posture. Then you control your breathing once you have your posture and your breathing under control now you can direct it to the problem area you understand that because in order to apply the.

Next set of techniques you've got to be able to focus and pay attention and follow the instructions right. Um the. Next piece that we're going to play with actually let's do this let's let's practice thisal can. I use you real quick.

So. I want you guys to have an experience of this now you can do the finger like. I did with. Mark which is basically that kind of a movement right.

Uh. But that's a little bit technical. But another way you can do it is you can take the shoulder and you can twist it. So it's nice and tight right.

So if. I can get heral to to twist my. AR twist my arm right. So my shoulder starts to deform now there's going to be some tension there's going to be a little bit of discomfort there and all.

I want to do once again is. I want to put my mind in that area got. I hope this works. I haven't done it in a while right.

And again all. I want to do is using small micro movements come back to my structure oh you can twist again oh right. Right. So his arm isn't moving.

But. I'm going back to structure right. And if he twisted it really really hard now. I would.

I would. I would take not just that small micro movement. But. I would now.

I would use my breath yeah. I'm not letting it go no. Right. That's how you begin to train this thank you give a big round of applause you have to start remember this is not something that you can learn at a seminar keep it in your back pocket and.

Then whip it out when the trauma happens or when the emergency happens you have to practice it and train it as a skill right. But if you practice it if you train it it will be there for you when you need it and it's not something that can be taken away from you you understand yes. Sir when you are looking at the pain you start breathing what are you looking at. However you visualize it it doesn't what's really important is that you take your.

Consciousness. Kyra can. I use you real quick. I've been pulling ugly dudes up here all day.

So not just kidding one of the things that that um. I wasn't going to do this. But. But.

I think it's important um hey if if. I push on. Kyra be solid for me don't go anywhere be strong like bull right. I'm pulling on her and.

I could muscle her we know that right. But the secret is and this is how it relates to be able to affect something we must transfer our. Consciousness into it and breathe from that point of. Consciousness if you're not breathing from the point of.

Consciousness you're not connecting to the place now when. I have someone up here like this if. I pull on. Kyra she resists that if.

I push on. Kyra she resists that. But if. I love on.

Kyra if. I dissolve the barriers between. Kyra's nervous system and mine. Then if.

I kneel she kneels if. I step she steps if. I bend over she bends over and she doesn't think to resist that's weird isn't it whereas if. I just push on her right.

She's light. I know. But you get the idea. I could do it to you.

But. I'd run out of room really quick usually. I find the biggest guy in the room and. I just make him dance give her a big round of applause the reason.

I demonstrate that and the reason. I show that is because it's the same transfer of. Consciousness whether. I'm using it to to take over her skeletal structure or.

I'm moving into the point of pain and breathing from that point of. Consciousness and removing it from the system it's the same. Consciousness transfer that's the connecting link right. That it'ss a cool effect right.

Okay. So here's what. I'd like to do. I'd like to take seven minutes.

I want you to find a partner preferably someone you don't know. But if you want to if you only feel comfortable abusing the people that you know feel free and. I just want you to do either the finger lock which is a little challenging or you can do the arm twist. But do it.

So that the shoulder deforms and make sure that you you hold the forearm nice and tight and the secret to it is again you can do it with just the movements. I can get away with just the movements. But. I want you to practice the breathing part right.

So. I want you to put your mind into that spot feel the tension feel the point of strongest discomfort and one sip at a time in through the nose out through the mouth. I. Want.

You to. Breathe the discomfort or the tension or the pain out and test it for yourself can we do that okay. Let's take seven minutes we'll come back it's also a good time to use the restroom or sneak out and grab more food heal you right. Necessarily.

But it will allow you to continue if say you're get you some some you know someone comes along and does one of those you know knockout games on your ass right. You're like right. You can use your birth breathing to bring yourself back to enough cogn cognitive awareness to recover which is what it was designed for it was designed for moments when your system gets knocked out of equilibrium either physically mentally or emotionally. So that you can get back to a functional state right.

But again remember it's a skill you got to practice right. Now if you do a lot of stretching or any kind of yoga great opportunity to practice that find points of tension in your body or in your joints and breathe the tension out and you'll see it you'll see the limbs just start to just deflate right. But again it's a skill set once you have that once you have the ability to return to something functional now we can get a little bit more nuclear right. This technique is probably one of the the techniques.

I'm most infamous for okay. And uh the technical term is called neurosomatic energetic repatterning thank you or uh one of my medical students uh came up with a different term because the other one was way too fraking long he said we should call it psychosomatic neuromodulation and and everybody everybody in my class said spin we'll spin it right. And that's where the term spinning comes from okay. Spinning is based on the idea that the human nervous system the human being which in my world the nervous system and the unconscious mind subconscious mind.

Dynamic and the conscious mind it's synonymous when. I say the nervous system. I'm talking to that whole entity um is a fractal holographic information processing system it your brain is simultaneously literal analogical and metaphorical. Neuroscience is backing this up embodied cognition studies tell me that the same parts of your brain that modulate phys physical warmth will also influence emotional warmth to the point where if.

I give you a warm drink to hold while. I'm presenting information to you you will view me more warmly emotionally than if you were holding a cold drink if. I want you to judge something more harshly. I will put you in hard hard back seats and you will tend to judge me more harshly.

Then if. I were to put you in a comfy cushy soft padded seat your judgments of me your opinions of me would be much softer get the. First row on me right. Cuz you're the ones that matter um this this is how literal and metaphorical at the same time our systems are now that word metaphor becomes extremely important especially when we get to the trauma section of today we talk about my approaches to trauma and what was.

Later verified through. Brent bomb's work in. Holo holographic memory resolution uh which is another way of saying hypnosis. But it's a different form of hypnosis.

But it's again they're hand and glove with each other and they because they embrace the same system going back to the very. First thing. I taught today if you can point to it you can change it you understand that point-and-click therapy if you can point to where you feel it you can change it all right. So um does anybody have um.

I know what you're going to jump off here all right. Uh. But anybody else besides herl who has a pain what do you have come on up. I'll get you in a minute.

I'm going to demonstrate it a couple of times and. Then. I'll teach you the process and. Then.

I'll have you do it on each other once or twice right. You already know this because you've been through my training right. So what do you got headache another headache fine point to where you feel it excellent close your eyes. And look.

At it a scale of 0 to 10 rate the intensity of the pain eight eight cool as you look. At that that sensation and. I want you to notice that there's a color connected to it what's the color. First impression reach in grab all that white energy taken out and hold it in your hands in front of you make sure you get it all cuz sometimes that hides shit's a technical term mind you now.

I'll let them pull for as long as they need to. I've had people pull for 20 minutes. I don't care got it all you sure double check excellent as you look. At it did the.

Color. Stay the change or stay the same stay the same perfect as you look. At it now. I want you to notice something.

Kyra. I want you to notice it's moving it's spinning in a certain direction what direction is it spinning this way excellent grab it with both of your hands make it the opposite of what it was make it spin the opposite direction double the spin double the speed double the force double the magnitude keep doubling it over and over and over again until it takes on a life of its own until it's impossible for it to go back the way it was when you know you've got it slam it back into that spot notice the change notice it's gone scale of 0 to 10 ra through remaining feelings three three reach in grab what's left take it out that'ss which direction it's spinning find the direction that makes it feel exactly the way you want to feel instead double the spin double the speed double the force double the magnitude keep doubling it over and over and over again till it takes on a life of its own until it's impossible for it to go back the way it was when you know you've got it put it back in notice the change notice it's gone scale of. Z to 10 rate the remaining feelings yeah big. Round of.

Applause by the way. Kyra try to bring it back notice what happens instead you can't bring it back oh see can it really be that easy no. That's the test you see pain is an interpreted response that interpretation has a direction it has a color it has a shape because that is the language of the human nervous system if you change the way a word is spelled you change the word does that make sense from a. TCM perspective for those of you who have a background in.

Oriental medicine law of. Yin andang a lot there's a lot of actually there's a lot of actual. Oriental medicine theory in what. I just did.

LA yyang tells us that. Y and. Yin are opposites and complements together they form a whole one cannot exist without the other the beginning the beginning of one is the end of the other the end of one is the beginning it's it's all interweave that way here's what that means in terms of pain as we understand it it means at the most simple fundamental level your system is binary it means it cannot create a code a word in its language for one thing like pain without automatically creating the word for its opposite understand that if. I can create a hologram that spells and creates pain in the body.

I must simultaneously by default create its opposite and that is built in to this process because the minute. I point to it. I've directed my awareness back to the grid that holographic panel that we talked about and now through analogy activating the different cortexes of the brain. I am now interacting with that program and changing the program.

So that the nervous system plays it differently nervous system doesn't care it doesn't care what it plays it's like a speaker right. So the moment. I have you take it out and look. At it and you know there's a color you know there's a direction those are the things that symbolize or spell to the nervous system pain.

But what did. I have what did. I say to her physically grab it with both of your hands. I've just taken up a massive amount of real estate in the brain massive the only thing that that actually affects more areas of your brain than your hands is your eyes.

Which we also use didn't we right. I'm lighting your light your neurology up like a. Christmas tree it's very common by the way did you notice you swe it a little bit you notice a lot of people when when they when this happens. I did it on a lady for emotional eating yesterday and we we spun and she broke out in this massive.

I can't believe that. I've had it in a therapy before. I've never had that happen right. Because it's not just in your mind as you understand it your mind is your body you got to get over that one of the things hypnotists don't realize and.

I've actually put this out there is that the biggest part of your subconscious mind is your body right. And if. You' sitting there like a lump of meat in the chair you're not tapping into a tenth of the potential that that system has. So get the body engage get the body involved and you you you can't not change you can't not change right.

Um there are some. Dynamics and tweaks. But. I'm going to give you the basic if you want more we can always teach you in other classes and things.

But point to it find the color pull it out of the body physically pull it out of the body as you look. At it the. First thing you want to notice is did the color changer stay the same. Then notice the direction it's moving if it's something you want less of grab it with both of your hands make it the opposite of what it was that's what.

I did the. First time with. Kyra yes. Change the color too at the same time if you want to.

But. I. I just start with the direction direction is usually more than enough okay. Make it the opposite spin it like a wheel in that new.

Direction physically spin it get your meat suit involveed trust me on this well actually don't trust me just do it and prove it to yourself trust prove it right. Spin it faster and faster until it takes on a life of its own until it's impossible for it to go back the way it was when you know you've got it slam it back into that spot now. I didn't want to give. Kyra a concussion by slamming it into into her head.

But in in other places. I would actually tap them a little bit as they went in because it shocks the system and the nervous system go holy something actually did happen and. Then it engages yes. Um what if like what if you actually can't see a color and you can't see a spin can you point to where you feel it um can.

I point yeah can you pretend it's spinning. So it you go. Then you go into pretend to color pretend to it'll still work okay. It'll still work this is what.

I mean they're the mechanisms that control playing pretend like when you're a little kid are the same mechanisms that are in operation in deep trance yes. Um why do you have to put it back in you don't. But nature abor a vacuum right. I've had people who refuse to put stuff back in because when you do the the framing get rid of it we don't put anything back well you're not getting rid of it when you frame it you're you're refiling it remember this this sphere around our body that.

I talked about earlier it's a filing cabinet we put that stuff we don't like the same place we put our taxes anybody here anybody here pay taxes right. If you notice me walking with a dist distinct limp after the 15th you'll know. I just paid mine right. But think about your taxes for a minute right.

You spend 12 months accumulating stuff every bill every receipt and if you're like me it's in a shoe box somewhere that you dread ever going into right. But. Then. Finally you sit down you suck it up bottle of brandy some.

Preparation. H you slog through it right. You organize your files you fill out your tax return you mail the check crying all the way send it off and. Then you're left with a box of stuff that you absolutely do not ever want to see again.

But you're not allowed to get rid of. So what do you do with it you put it somewhere where for all intents and purposes it's done. But if for some strange reason you need to go back and check a file it's accessible right. Your neurology treats anything that is behind you and farther away that way for all intents and purposes the program is turned off it's done it's over it's behind us right.

These are literal metaphors for spatial locations where we store information neurologically via. Holograms if you learn how to interact with the. Holograms you can control pretty much anything all right. I think we've just scratch the surface of holographic mind control theory.

But it's freaking cool right. I'm doing. I mean honestly. I started playing with with the holographic mind control theory um in my normal regression sessions and and what used to take me 90 minutes took.

Me half an hour and. I didn't have to dredge up trauma which is huge huge um especially if you're a clinician you'll understand that because some things you just you got to get rid of that emotional crap and there's no. Other way right. I'll still go back to old school if.

I need to. But right. Now uh. I'm having too much fun with the.

HMR stuff and the holographic mind control stuff. So my point is though everything human beings do is holographic in nature. But the nervous system only presents you with the aspect of the. Hologram that you ask for it's all there.

But it's too much and it's too rich to consciously track. So when you ask for it that's what it show. I say point to where you feel it notice the color sematic search engine says oh he wants the color. Bing what direction is he spinning oh he wants to know the direction is spinning.

Bing does that mean that the the only two things going on no. It's like a. Cloud. Server it's connected to every other piece and every other piece of the piece right.

It's not uncommon when we do this on emotional trauma and emotional problems for the people to break out in the sweat have massive crying fits and things like that and. Then it's done right. Physical pain and emotional pain are the same as far as the neurolog is concerned and science is kindy of proven that out too fact they've taken in in social psychology experiments in pain they've actually taken uh the pain of being ostracized by a group and given a person an aspirin for it and it went away at the level we're dealing with there is no. Difference between physical pain and emotional pain okay.

But we're talking the context of what we're working in is we got a pain we got to get rid of it. I've used this many times in my martial arts classes where somebody's screwing around they injure a knee or something like that. I say point to where you feel it notice the color take it out hold it in your hands turn it around put it back in they p goes away okay. Do it all the time clinically yes.

Sir. Migra yep matter of fact. Kyra can tell you her migraine story right. U migraine matter of fact one of the very.

First times. I ever did this was on a migraine over the phone and it went away okay. The the story about how. I got hold of this technology is a whole.

Law of. Attraction story in and of itself which. I don't have time for because. I want you to practice this.

So going back point to where you feel it take it notice the color take it out notice the. Direction spin it in the opposite direction physically turn it. I can tell who's going to get changed simply by how much they engage in this part if you see someone going they'll still get change by the way it will be the same degree you don't got to believe it believe me when. I tell you you don't got to believe it you just got to do it system doesn't care what you believe at this level it cares about what you tell it and the way you tell it make sense yes.

Ma'am um did you say uh you notice when the okay. Do you say you you asked what color is it and. Then. Later on you also uh check on the color.

I asked as soon as they pull it out the. First thing. I ask is did the color changer stay the same does it as soon as you pull it out yes. And no.

What's important is that you ask the question and that they answer it and. Then you agree with whatever they say there's very strategic reasons why we do it. But you don't need to know that to make this work just do it yes. You always say the thing like make sure you got it all look.

At hides those are it's really important. I mean. I notice you say it every all the time there are certain things you'll see me do almost like a formula yeah right. The secret is the result.

I'm going for rather than the words. I use to now when to when a specific word is important. I'll tell you all right. The more times you can use the word notice the more irresistible the technique becomes.

I'll tell you that right. Now just for nothing notice is one of the most powerful words in the. English language yes. Yes.

Yes. Sir. So you have emotional pain attached to multiple events in the past each time you were it's the same pain you were unworthy and child and. So and did you deal with the cause of that.

I can again. I'm teaching you the basic technique how. I use it in all the different ways. I use it with f a book.

This is a technique that has it's like the. Swiss army knife of hypnotherapy there is nothing. I haven't seen it put a den in ever it's a question of degree and there's a lot of people how many people here have actually been through a session with me where. I've used this on them okay.

Talk to these people talk to these two here they've been through the training all right. Talk to these people they'll tell you talk to. TJ. TJ's actually taken this out and just zap people left and right.

With it never done it to him personally. But he's done it to other people right. So talk to these people they'll tell you right. But you're going to practice it with each other right.

I would pick something that's relatively tame for right. Now just to get draining. Wheels because inevitably you're going to pick the nastiest evilest thing in your life what if it's not a we can do emotional pain not physical as long as you can point to where you feel it you can change it it's all the same at this level guys and girls it's all the same okay. Don't believe me just do it play pretend as little kids point to where you feel it notice the color grab it all and.

I've had people pull for 20 minutes literally. I. I've have seen. I've seen people pull stuff out of their intestines.

So hard they come out of the chair you've ever seen somebody lift thems out of. The. Chair by holding something that isn't there that is weird right. It's like.

Linda. Blair or some right. Anyway notice the color notice the direction make it the opposite of what it was now the. Second thing.

I did with cure. I did something a little. I tweaked it just a little bit with her. I say find the direction that makes it feel what you want to have instead that's tactical as well as important yeah you don't have to do it that way well haven't you have a a paint on your back back you cannot pull it pull it from the front you pull in the front yep.

I've had people do that remember it's holographic it's holographic and imag it's imaginative holographic and sematic everything is working in this process right. I literally had a guy who was an expert in neurology taught it at a hypnosis. School in. Colorado when.

I did my instant emergency pain relief training two years ago in. Hypno. Thoughts and he actually came up he was one of the. Last people you can probably find the video on on.

YouTube he was one of the. Last people to come up he had arthritis in his hip and. I took. It away like 2 minutes done and as he's sitting there all of a sudden as.

I'm wrapping up the center. I goes holy you're right. You're doing this and you're doing this and you're doing this and you're doing this you're lighting the brain up like a. Christmas tree which is exactly what.

I had just said right. It was like weird. But. But yeah he was.

I mean trust me you're it's different it's different yes. David did the arthritis go away or just the pain that's the thing we're trying to figure out because um using the law of. Yin and. Yang.

TCM the. First thing that comes back no. Matter what is the function. So if you look.

At. TC the body from a. TCM perspective the. Yang perspective is the functional component it's the energetic the functional side the yin component is the structure right.

My. Mobility is my yam component what's holding me up and allowing me to move is the yin component right. Yin takes longer to regenerate than yangong. Yang is very quick right.

So what we see we have evidence for both by the way we have. TCM traditional. Chinese medicine. I have a degree in.

Oriental medicine just in case you didn't know yes. So you're saying if you have a pain in your intestines you can pull it out picture it as like something pleasurable instead of painful no. What you do is you find out what direct what the coding system that the neurologist is using to generate pain change it to its opposite amplify it and slam it back in and the neurology will run it just like it was running pleasure instead it'll start to actually unwind the problem from the future back isn't the opposite pleasure to pain yes. So that's what.

I was saying like you pull it out yes. But. I don't say that oh okay. I don't ever say that there's this thing we call in.

NLP called ambiguities when we activate ambiguities different parts of the brain take over. So there are times to be very specific and there's times to be strategically vague. So one of the ways. I do that is when.

I say make it the opposite of what it was. I never say turn it to pleasure right. Because some people may have a resistance to feeling pleasure right. But the minute.

I say make it the opposite of what it was two things happen simultaneously the brain doesn't know if. I'm talking about physically moving it or. I'm giving the suggestion to make it the opposite. So it processes both simultaneously and.

Then you get the same message coming through on different channels they meeted the. Neo and somewhere in the neurology and the change engages work called. SCS. I haven't tried it haven't tried it.

I have a lot of information. I have a lot of ideas about how to deal with scarring. But. I haven't tested them yet.

So. But let's work on this can we do this for a couple of times. So find somebody that has an ouchi and it could be a physical or emotional alchie can. I use you for a minute.

Laura yeah. I'm just going to go through this process can you see her she's really you're teeny gosh. I like teeny people yay. Viva small people yeah right.

EXA right. Yeah all right. So here's the thing when you when let's let's go through this process point to where you feel it okay. Right.

Here okay. Look. Inside with your inner eyes. She's got something she just decided to grab something right.

M okay. Notice there's a color connected to that feeling what's the color. First impression black excellent reach and grab all that black energy take it out and hold it in your hands in front of you make sure you get it all sometimes that hides being a technical term mind you keep pulling and it's okay. If you feel stuff emotionally that's just part of the process.

I'm sweating. I know it's just keep going keep going and. I literally have had people pull for 20 minutes and. I don't care.

I will let. I will stand her up here and let her do it. I'm not sure anymore what that's true all right. When you got it all just hold it in your hands excellent as you look.

At it did the color change or stay the same it's brighter for some reason that's right. Now as you notice that brighter energy. I want you to notice something. I want you to notice it's moving it's spinning in a certain direction what direction do spinning physically grab it with both of your hands now is this something you want more of or less of less of what.

I want you to do is make it the opposite of what it was physically turn it with both of your hands make it the opposite of what it was double the spin double the speed double the force double the magnitude. Laura keep doubling it over and over and over again until it takes on a life of its own until it's impossible for it to go back the way it was when you know you've got it slam it back into that spot she's already sweating notice the change notice it's gone notice is that program works its way deeper and deeper into your nervous system any program any belief any memory that's not in harmony with this new process it's going to be shed by the system it's going to be purged like a snake shedding its skin like old software being uninstalled by newer better more powerful software don't try to measure it or manage it just notice the process taking place and when you know it's done when you know it's locked in letting the body do whatever it needs to do now some people sweat some people cough some people laugh some people cry some people twitch some people just feel way of emotion come up just let it happen and when you know it's done it's locked in try to bring the old feeling back and notice what happens instead. I could feel anything right. Now you can't feel anything scale 0 to 10 rate the remaining feelings what it scale 0 to 10 rate the remaining feelings.

I don't know maybe it's. Zer or one like. I can't look. Inside is there any left because.

I don't know if. I'm confusing it with something else right. Now like she's still processing did you break out in the sweat. I did yeah.

I'm sweating okay. Now the intervention is very very quick you did an emotional thing did you yeah some anxiety. But. I never swept even in.

Arizona at 110 degrees she's sweating she's sweating bullets right. Now and it's okay. Now you notice. I haven't let go over because once they enter this phase you have to hold the space you understand that you as the the practitioner have to let them be you know be safe and help them to be safe and let them feel whatever they need to feel for as long as they need to feel it now don't be surprised many times some people will break out like.

Laura's very you know she's a sweater actually she glistens right. All right. A lot of. PE about half about half the people just break out in the sweat sometimes it depends on what the problem is seems to be always a lot of it well actually no.

It's not true it's. I haven't noticed the correlation between physical or emotional because it's really hard to separate them after a while right. But um how's it feel now. I don't know.

I feel like a thing in my brain which is a good feeling though yes. Give her a big round of applause sometimes you just need to wait and let the process work out now on as sleep um this is what. I what. I call reverse regression in regression technology we go back to the initial cause with spinning we start in the present moment and when we re when we when we reverse the spin it rewinds.

So you'll see like this un layering effect start to happen and many times you'll see a spontaneous perspective shift or information will pop into their head that was there all along. But was hidden behind feelings or whatever. So a lot of different changes can happen. But that's again it doesn't.

I have five documented cases of curing a broken heart. So this doesn't really matter what kind of pain it is it's very strategic it's very surgical are there other things we can do to make it more comprehensive yes. But that would just keep us here longer and. I want you to practice.

So find a partner fix their. Boo. Boo come back and. Then we're going to do a raffle okay.

Let's take uh five minutes for this shouldn't take more than 5 10 minutes it's like it's for walking out is my pain was getting worse. I had to get out and tremendous emotional feeling of sadness. I had to get out. I understand.

So. I just want to let you know was anything you were doing no. I get it things happen dude things get very provoc things get triggered a lot let like watching sometimes hey. Dam it how's it going good man how you doing relations for 10 years wow very good we won we came to the pizza come get.

Z. Pizza how you doing. David. I don't know if you remember me unfortunately no.

I'm. Miss. Sandra. Miss.

Sandra from. Mission. Bay. I'm.

Sophie's teacher when is. Sophie's teacher and and. KAS you had your back to me. Last time.

I was there yes. I think. So cool another. I guess we don't usually see you.

So this is a good way to well thank you for coming out great wonderful thank you this is my friend. Melody hi. Melody. I'm.

David nice to meet you you haven't enjoyed the show. So far wonderful interesting it's a lot to very great thank. So. K.

So do you enough food do you have any food we had yes. We did we came for treats sweet have you talked to. Don at all. I not right.

Now. I she's been you know busy go spin each other yeah this is great you this is a if you could teach your kids to do this right. You could fix any boo boo oh yeah like fast and they can do it with emotional stuff too you take treat it like a game. I think excellent.

IDE. I haved myself. Mark nice meet you oh. Mark yeah hello.

I'm. David my butt's in your seat right. Yes. Your butt is in my seat.

I try to do like this is you guys get just butt in the seat and get in the class all right. So. I. Finally got time to do it and all started lining up very cool you going to come in too.

I'm going to come down with him okay. So. I'll. I'll be around she yeah.

But she the thing is she just started with. Southwest. Airlines oh and we just flew down this morning. So we're going to fly it back up we're.

Joy joys of non-revenue flight today very cool very cool um. So she'll be with me three days four days. I'm going to come down. Tuesday night.

I'm going back on. Saturday afternoon all right. The only thing. I'm.

I'm trying to. I'm not going to get through the whole thing. But. I'm trying to do the self-mastery with the one.

I bought from you self. Mastery course do most of that before. I come down to to try to do well it's it's the same proc 90% of the processes are in this training as well right. Just good that here it again here it again here it again here it again and.

Next week are you all booked up like after hours you have to check with my staff. I don't. I don't control my life anymore control for you the minute. I started seeing clients you know five days a week.

I lost all control of my life it's run by my staff. So talk to. Tracy she or. Alexa they should be able to figure out if.

I have any openings okay. Then we'll try to do that to awesome awes doing a lot of stuff that's why. I keep looking at him every time he say you do that on me you got it from him you use that on me he us a lot of it. I've been doing that with her and as soon as she sees that little capitulation of break you know.

Then boom. Then. I got her we use it for all the good stuff you're allow wa do you see that may you see the naughty stuff. I did in.

Vegas. I played some of the clips from that the. Last hypnotherapy training and traumatized every man in the room now. Then what's left yeah you just keep going till you hit zero okay.

Try r hey. J. Dragon person how you doing good how are you good took. Me a figure how to get to the.

Third floor. But. I persevered yeah it's a little challenging sometimes here how do you get this is we're going to be doing a scream out here on the patio from now on oh. So we're here two days a week.

Tuesdays and. Thursdays from 7:30 to 9: and. Then uh we'll have meetups out here oh and stuff. So we're really just building this up get yeah yeah never told me what what you wanted me to do an article on for your magazine um.

Asian culture. So whatever you think is. Asian culture it could be my whole house is. Asian culture you can write forever.

Then okay. Open well if you have a hot topic that people like. I can give you something. I like to give what people what they want which is almost never gets answered because people are just like desperate for anything they can get yes.

So we're going to do at least four. Raffles before the. Next okay. All right.

They're practicing right. Now. So we're going to. L this hello you having a good time.

I am. I made an appointment oh excellent thank you. I look. Forward to working with you yeah okay.

Let me get these guys back. I got like minute and a half. So thank you this is my. First time oh cool.

So as you. Rene. Rene hi. Rene excellent well we're just gonna close up this one and.

Then we're g to do some. Raffles and. Then you guys can are you can leave now if you need to. But.

I just want to make sure everybody had a chance to practice this. So we can get question yep can. I've heard thanks. Julia oh you're welcome is that can something like this could you talk about um the fear of something can these things like a problem a hurt emotion become almost like an attachment that we we want to cling to because we're safe yes.

There's reasons why the neurology clings to problems we're going to cover that. Next. I had another question do you do this with your kids when they let me okay. Because they don't my oldest will let me do it every now and.

Then. But the rest of. I can't keep them still long enough if. I could get him to do it it would work on everything if.

I could teach my kids to do this as early as possible 80% of our would never. Lodge into our system 10 12 old yeah that's a perfect age issues that. I think they would do it yeah just play treat it like a game yeah if you treat it like a game see what's going to happen y. I like oh.

I saw something cool watch this yeah they always to know all right. Guys let's come on back come on back and. Then we're g to take a break have some uh. Raffles we'll come back we'll talk about trauma which.

I think we're kind of bridging into. Anyway. So very cool you guys are rocking the siren. Call of the patio all right.

So. David. I didn't hear an answer to a question you said you work with somebody with arthritis oh yeah a lot of times hold huh did it hold as far as. I know yeah.

I did. I zapped a guy with muscular distrophy uh at a training. I did in. September of 2015 he came back for another training in.

November of 2015 and the paint still hadn't come back and that's muscular distrophy that's not something yes. Sir just a question. Dave on this particular one that we just did uhuh what if you don't have a partner and you wanted to do you can do it to yourself as long as you can play your experience of it is going to be a little bit different. But the the result is the same many times you may have to do multiple passes how many notice you had to do more than one pass to get it to work that's the secret you got to be relentless okay.

Now there are times and. I don't know that we have time to cover it in depth there are times when it'll go away and it'll come back or it'll go away it'll it'll drop from like an eight to a six to a four to a two and it'll stay at a two right. In either case the problem is usually the same thing there is something attached to the experience that the neurology sees value in keeping generally speaking the shitty things that happened to us taught us some stuff right. Lessons right.

And the the psychology the the mindset that the neur that the unconscious mind brings to that is that if we let this go he may forget this ever happened and he'll do it again. So you it ain't going right. And and yes. Sir.

I had an interesting thing when. I went to. Acupuncture school is uh one of my professors and the founder of school actually said a guy came in he was a runner and his knees were hurt and he couldn't run anymore yep. So he worked on his knees and a week.

Later a guy had a heart attack he says your body was telling you not to run mhm and that's. So. So this is what. I say when pain is our te when that pain to the to the unenlightened to the people who don't understand the system pain is the enemy to the people who seek to transcend the reptile brain pain is the teacher it's the teacher remember sensation and polarity in any direction towards or away from is still polarity it's intuitive to run towards the things that make us feel good it sure as hell counterintuitive to run towards the things that make us feel bad and go deep into them.

Time. After. Time. After.

Time the most substantial growth comes from what's on the other side of the pain you have to make a distinction between pain and suffering pain is transitory it's that discomfort that we go to on the way to something better suffering is what is the pain that continues because we're running away from it because we're denying it because we refuse to embrace and explore we are too angry we're blaming suffering is a choice pain is transient you can pain you can hurt for a little while or you can hurt for the rest of your life it's a choice you are not the way you are and. I'm sorry if this upsets people's. World. Views or mindsets.

But. I will say this time and time and time again you are not the way you are because of the things that happened to you you are the way you are because of the way you're thinking about the things that happened to you period your memories are not real when. I when. I say that what.

I mean is the events that traumatize us even if there were serial you know similar events that happened that are have something in common each of those events events was a discreet event true or not true true your fifth birthday hopefully happened one time. But you've had lots of birthdays right. Right. You may have been beaten up a lot of times when you were a kid.

But each beating was one one discret episode make chance. But you recorded them. So when you remember your fifth birthday party your neurology doesn't make a distinction between recording of the event and the actual event even though there is one that's like saying the. DVD in your.

DVD player is the thing you're seeing on the television that's the. First illusion that we have to get past the. Second one is that your memories are you see sometimes we resist giving up our past or the way we remember the past because a it'll change who we are because we think our memories are us. But you're not your memories you have them just like you have a.

DVD collection or a sock drawer right. You have memories. But how many people are collect things. I'm that you spend a tremendous amount of time by choice fiddling with that collection organizing it polishing it doing whatever you do right.

Maintaining it we take better care of our things than we do our internal files the reason we got stuff a is because of the way we've remembered and recorded those things and be the way we've structured the. Hologram and where we've put it we change those things we change our lives. Now problem happens every now is we identify. So fully with a certain way of being that the idea of giving it up is terrifying in.

NLP we talk about what. Gregory baton called logical levels of belief belief and the interesting thing about logical levels of belief was bateson's. Discovery was the higher you go up on that level of logical belief from. Identity or spiritual all the way down to environmental the more you control the level the levels below it many times what happens when people have a problem a pain uh a behavior a trauma is they've conf and and it comes out in their language they confuse something they are with something they do people say.

I'm a smoker. I'm obese what you're literally. Hearing in their language is what we call an identity statement at the neurological level the. I'm obese or the.

I'm a smoker has the same level of reality and connection as their arm and the neurology will fight just as hard to keep the behavior as it would you want to cut somebody's arm off how many of us would volunteer to have our arm cut off even if there was a tumor in it some people that wouldn't be an easy decision would it be a lot of pain of other types there wouldn't it when we identify with the abused child the son of an alcoholic uh the victim whatever it is we start to identify with that we fight tooth and nail to keep it they identities they're like suits of clothing. I promise you how many how many guys here are manly men how many people have ever gone to an establishment where women dance around in scant scanty clothing. I bet you're a different person there than you need go to church the. Next day true or not true true yes.

The truth of the matter is is that who we are is extraordinarily fluid you have identities you have personalities. But you're more than that and that is returning to. Source the moment you. Des you transcend this idea that you are what you do that you are your behaviors that you are your feelings that you are your memories and you abstract to that higher level you gain control over every single component below it okay.

When we get to the trauma point we'll we'll deal with that a little bit more directly. But if we have a lesson that is connected to an experience you must give the neurology an alternative method to extract the lesson from the rest of the complex. So it's willing to let it go right. Um.

I have that there a special there's a special technique called. The. Magic. Frame that we do and it's becoming more and more useful as time goes on in a lot of different ways uh and that's specifically what we would use if we reach that point where we hit a two and it's not moving anymore or um it goes away and it comes back almost always an indication that there's some lesson survival lesson connected to that experience that the brain is trying to protect us with.

I had a back pain student out in. Vegas. Last year she had had an accident she'd gone through therapy her back was fine there was nothing wrong anywhere and she still had pain when she tried to move. I said point to where you feel it the moment she pointed to where.

I she felt it. I saw the little indicators let me know oh lesson everybody knows the the concept of phantom pain right. Here's what. I've discovered clinically is that many times after you've healed the neurology will keep phantom pain in that area as a reminder not to do that again when you extract the lesson from the complex the pain goes away because the neurology needs to know you're not going to forget this you learned and when it does it's willing to let the rest go many times.

I don't even need to spin it. I've taken away usually when. I do this in front of groups and. I want to make sure it works.

I'll frame it and. Then. I'll spin it just to make sure there's nothing that might get in the way right. So those are the two techniques that when all else fails point to where you feel it take it out spin it slam it back in um yes.

If you're being zapped with pain what's the lesson there. I understand like let's say let's say like three four years ago. I was doing everything right. Positive friends family positive nothing.

I didn't do anything wrong at all and. Then. I got attacked for four months with pain what's the lesson to be learned that there's bad people out there. I mean what or maybe it's something you need to learn that.

I can survive or that you can fight back. I did. But. Then.

I got in trouble. So with who the mine police right. I did try to defend yeah and again. I you have to ask.

God cuz. I don't know yeah. I think. God's trying to show me the good and evil in the world evil good.

I'm sure we see that all the time all right. So here's what. I need to do uh if you had a normally. I would say had a good time post good things to the.

Meetup if you didn't post to somebody else's we're going to actually raffle off four things out on the patio we're going to eat more food and. Then we're going to come back and we're going to talk about trauma now if you want to talk about trauma we can talk about trauma or if you have something else that the majority of the the group will not. Stone you for. I.

Love by the way. But remember that the more questions. I answer the more sidebars. I tend to open.

So a lot of what you're going to hear me talk about with trauma is hand in glove with everything we've done. So far okay. So go on out let's give away more free stuff.
