Title: x5LnvvhQtUc.txt
Video Id: x5LnvvhQtUc
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x5LnvvhQtUc

Oh well wait for word yes. Only forward its own. I think it's only yeah the lights on yes. So.

Kathleen okay. There's something. I see how. I'll work on you i hope you with that.

So really show me the squad simply in case you got a worse problem sorry i've been at the place where. I can see you squat okay. You to lead work on squad she's you know usually. I don't felt the old scores she's the best you need some work let's do both need some work and this is something.

I want to talk talk to you guys a little bit about. So. Rebecca once you show me your squad. First squat down again okay.

You do work out with weights sometimes you do okay. And. Kelly you want join us surfer we're just doing a running part we're going over. But we're doing the running workshop how to integrate the hips knees and feet to really help you know you know strong finish.

So one thing come up here. I want you guys to see the. I'm sorry. Rebecca come here you guys watch how she does things a little bit different from you guys turn faced at all see if you guys can spot the difference look.

At the feet do you feel there's any difference between her feet on your feet you guys don't work no. 11 should come over here let them see your side come over here it's one thing. I mean there's something about a wreck. I we can improve too.

But show them how you do it here you guys see the key here exactly her knees of the two gentlemen you guys her knees have always been absolutely behind the big toes ideally the knees line up with the big toes or even. First the ball the foot would be even better. But if you're behind the toes. I'm happy enough.

So. Kathleen yours she's good with that to that part. But one more thing what she only true guys to see do it do it again huh as she goes down she has this increased interaction between her feet and the ground that's the main thing. So watch the difference here.

So thank you sweetie you can come in and come back. So that part you're good. But. Then we're going to you know to.

UM demonstrate a little more as we go down we can have our feet just barely on the ground like squad like this or you can have your feet it's almost like you're. Russian say you're standing on newspaper you're trying to kind of tear it apart. I want your feet to be doing really like. Jesus on the ground.

So the feet are really grabbed on the ground and use that pull yourself downwards that's what. I'm talking about you need to use their feet that's better at your. Rebecca with your case is if you can you know have the. But going back control a little bit have a little slower.

So kind of have it tucked it in more that will forces see how that forces a little more interaction between the feet and the ground. So you really force more interaction between your feet and the ground there you go now. I see it canceling you feel the difference the difference between this if we just kind of many times when we drop down squat we it's more of a top down we just go down this one if. I'm asking you to be bottom up it's you anchor your feet on the ground by doing this it's like if there's no.

Friction you'll be turning like that you enter and read it by like this and. Then you enter the fuse the anchoring to pull your hip downwards and when you go up you do the same thing just. So you'll feel you will feel the lot more your activation here and pull your damn and it's almost as you go up it's almost like you're a kind of a have your feet pushing in to run to get you out. But you feel the difference that's the main thing about when you don't have that there's not enough interaction between the hips and the feet isn't a big deal we run exactly if you're the knee sometimes you're a few in the back and you feel like you know those are the most common places.

But when you do this you feel in the. ABS and good see how well. I've always been you know why because we have such an overemphasis of the feet in the running community or you want the best alex you want the best shoes and things like that in order to de-emphasize that i've always been focused on the in teaching you guys about the hip. But one comes integration now.

I'm telling you they're equal there 5050. But how did. But they're not like. But they have to be actively sequentially the feet it's like once it interacts with the ground you have to serve it's almost like it's posted there you use that to pull your hip forward that make sense.

So you have a better interaction there the only thing is if you come out too far. So it's harder to activate the glutes. So you're actually using a little more of a chance way to do it. So if you can really just like as if you're kind of a post yourself there when you do this you should feel like the ball of the feet not the toes the ball of the feet it's almost like a gripping on the ground with a suction cup effect really think about bottom up it's a feat now if you match your feet are kind of a nut actuator double screwed on the ground it can't move anywhere that pulls your body down if you had that forces a good sacked evasion try it let me say no.

One see your the hip your hips that's good now have your feeling slightly closer huh. So slightly closer and. Then we do this. So you guys once you have that interaction between the feet and the ground.

I want you to kind of a really activate your glutes this is a key you need to feel like they're coming toward the center you have to squeeze toward the midline toward the midline and. Then tackle under-deliver you need to put your shin you know kind of a scoop the glutes and the. But underneath your center of gravity like here. So.

Then use a fee to pull yourself down that way it fosters the best interaction between the feet. So almost a little bit. Hold'em. So yeah.

So you can do it here your feet really kind of a yes. To do that you know and. Then yes. As you go up scoop your.

But underneath your center of gravity there you go yes. That that one was much better you feel the difference and. Then as you go up really kind of it it's you shall with honor to use that to lift you're using a good shove it under your center of gravity to lift yourself up you'll find out as you go up your feet are also doing really hard this if your feet are not feeling like it has a really cool front ground like this and that's not enough literally that means there is no. Friction.

I'd be doing this as they go up that's the motion. I need you to be doing. So it's this way up and this way down you feel the different that's that's something we're going to talk about a little bit you feel the difference. Billy oh yeah.

I'm just had a really hard time keeping my knees can go and pass back oh that's that's the thing yeah that's where part if you've had a hard time having an e prevented me from passing the toes usually has to do with your feet is not like screwed onto the ground enough if you're really kind of a post go ahead breathe see how that's better no. No. That's that's that's that's definitely better than earlier at the school yes. There you go really this is what you're lacking here a little bit tuck in the bud actively the lower part of the apps make sure you acted a lower part of the abs and.

Then kind of have your little higher there you go. So this one is to do it right. You will feel you're almost falling backwards a little bit and that's what forces that's what further forces your arch to grip on the ground that's it you have to have you know you have to feel that a little bit falling backwards that's what forces the feet see how that kind of course in the feet to activate stronger on the ground yes. That make sense ok.

So. Cassidy entry answer your question about how translated into. Ronnie. So let's go from the squatting to lunch let's have you guys lunch one at the time do something a lunch all the way to the wall let me watch just just one step at a time just launched slow and smooth go on you go okay.

Let me see it go okay. Okay. So. I see you you're her okay.

So you guys all have a basic basically good 40 is lunch. But usually how. I take lunch is because lunch is similarly it's running. So.

I have your little higher requirement for the lunch the key is you guys probably all learn lines you got active a one of the bud one of the glutes. But actual lunch you need to both if you watch me the front ones if it's not activity enough it's gonna go out like this and. I'm behind one if it's not active enough usually kayvyun like this. I've been exaggerating lunch this way it's very easy lunch not a problem at all.

So in order to do the lunges right. You need to post remember just like this both goods are kind of curving toward the center when you're running it's the same thing the front one is curving this way the behind one is carving sooo this way. So both feet see that even though you're one foot forward one foot backwards there's no. Difference between this and this see.

I need the booths are kind of a almost like you're turning the. I'm rotating not turning rotating the knees out to kind of us you have the screw driver motion of both feet onto the ground. So when you lunch you need to really kind of tell this bun in here and. Then lift this one and when you land same thing here and.

Then when you practice lounge actually like you to go slow increase with the time when you're just single waited on the side. So you don't cave in you maintain this this can be very tiring actually and. Then have both cool to activate you launch down and have them both activated especially when you get up make sure this one's activated pull yourself up and. Then switch and the lunge here and.

Then this is activated. So as you go up when you're when come back come back to where you are as you go up. I need you to really squeeze and scoop this more under there you go see how that requires a little bit more there. Mary buttons 3d squeeze this there you go that's better.

So hard is it it takes it easy definitely take some work. Billy has him to miss you and you have to go work for the. Sun yeah yes. See make your set initially if the balance is you shall make your step shorter.

I'd rather your strides a little shorter. But you can really maintain a good balance by really fully engaged here. I thought they've been fully engaged really and. Then engage as you go up the naturally shift the weight to the right.

Side and. Then see how that takes a little more work they're not mindless no. You definitely do need to practice that and. Then once you get that down see from the lounge work.

I need you to focus with the one single waited here kind of almost like focus on say you go point before you lift you need to make sure the weight is all shifted up to the front leg and in order to do that see the front leg is not just lifting like this. I need a tooth it's almost like this is a screwdriver it's turning it that way again. So you can maintain it and. Then control land here shift the weight and.

Then screw drive around this knee bent hang it in you know bring the bring the weight up again the slower you do it the more it takes there you go that was good. Kathleen there you go do you feel how much more stability requires here. But. I see if you can make a little bit slide the you know leaving this behind a little bit longer that's another thing with runner you need the hind leg to be really behind.

First once you know you can if it's here. Then you don't have enough hip extension you want to be here here good and shift the weight here and. Then. I was good.

Rebecca see if getting off is always a little tough right. There you go that was good is your left side of the little weaker side the right. Side is actually for the pain okay. So one thing you know practice with this lunch is you know now you kind of learn how to activate the glutes we're talking about knee hip and the feet integration is you need to think about it.

So once i call it this is the screw this is the head of the screw this is the driver this is screwdriver. So literally the hip is turning on the knee and don't worry about it this is the keys. I'm not doing this this is not stable. But if it's turning you can only go that far you basically don't have enough in the mechanic allowance for you to really go to a damage inside.

So if you use this as a screwdriver this is screw head that's the screw to be scooting to the ground. So if you're turning letter returning the knee like this and that's consistent with the direction you want activate your glutes use that to do the balance to bring yourself up see how much is at the bottom up alright. Let's try it. So feel that.

I need when you turn the knee outwards you actually find that the hypno. The hip bone here and the knee and a big toe actual line not because most of time when we've been forward won't bend the knee they're not lined up their kind of like this. I see most of the time when we've been our knee just like this we're kind of an angle when. I asked you to think about this this the tip of the screws a head of the screw screw driver it actually see how that lines up the hip knee and a big toe you need that screwdriver motion to be able line that up and that's how you activate the hip here and using use you find that you actually really need to lower part of the core to get this part down right.

To you guys see how much more mindfulness it is from bottom up that's the whole idea they're not used to it. So let's still do a few more now. I should you know you will see how this will translate into a little bit of a let me see that was good record i saw that turning of the knee out you feel different do you feel that kind of use of the hips a little different right. There you go the knees learner i have to be at that position you see how that kind of it activates the lower part of that there you go you got it you really got the hip twist hair done.

Billy need to keep the knees bend a little bit more as you bring up don't just straighten out the right. Away see the key focus on is turning the screw driver motion and that's how you integrate basically the glutes quads and also the calves which will have a little place to do a little little bit of running actually. I'm wondering maybe should of the parking lot what do you what do you think. I can want to do little bit the stroll yeah actually do you guys want to go into the front.

I wanted to see how you guys translate into terrible give the spirit all right. So we're going to go you know don't know we've done enough of a drill here.
