Title: xpZQT6d1BYQ.txt
Video Id: xpZQT6d1BYQ
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xpZQT6d1BYQ

Is it all for guys or does it work in. Reverse as well well if you read the uh and. I've. I actually said this in this training.

But if you actually read what. Brandon's review of the book. Oh my. God this is what hot women do to guys right.

I'm paraphrasing. But that's basic that's basically where all the early early successful seduction stuff came from is what women are naturally hot women are naturally doing. So if you just reverse the dynamic back to a female male perspective you're going to have exactly the model that works right. And.

Then what you do is you look. At. Robert green stuff and you look. At all the different archetypes of the seductresses and you can decide which of those fits your persona the best realizing that a.

Persona is just a mask and you can change them especially if you've got the identity by. Design material right. You can step into any identity you want right. So we talk about foundational skill set and.

Then we talk about you know what's the rapid what's it packaged in and when. I mean that. I mean is are you the coet are you the. Rogue.

Are. You. The. Rake are you you know those are archetyp seduction archetypes right.

What you'll discover and again. I'm using the the. RO the classical archetype of romantic hero as um an example is that if you look. At all of the heroes that women find utterly irresistible and attractive there's a formula to it there's five basic characteristics and every single one of them every single hero in every single story has all five characteristics the difference is the proportion right.

Um this good a place to start as any because the characters and the identities that you create. As you move through the world will impact the perceptual filters people people thank you uh project on you right. I didn't want to use a red one because they don't show up real well. So let's look.

At. James. Bond right. Captain.

Jack. Sparrow here's one. Austin. Powers.

I have no. Idea. Sam. Spade.

Luke. Skywalker. Captain. Kirk was cool all right.

Han. Solo. Indiana. Jones what you do not know who all right.

Well we let's let's start with these archetypes let's look. At them shall we huh hell yeah hell yeah all right. Now the five basic characteristics of the classical archetypal romantic hero adventurous. Relentless.

SL ruthless they are dominant um strong and when. I say strong. I'm talking not just in terms of physical. But as well as mentally strong right.

Or tough right. They are cynical that's the that's the term that. Mark. Cunningham used to apply to it.

I prefer the term. StreetWise okay. Those are the now. I add two.

I add two more to this mix mysterious these are my distinctions and humorous okay. Or. I should say a sense of humor which often is manifested here right. Let's look.

At. James. Bond regardless of what version whether it's the. Shan connory version the.

Roger. Moore what are you. So dressed up for you go did you go to church. I heard you doing the subject.

So. I thought i' oh okay. Can you dial down the tie. I'm going into trance.

I really. I really like that tie it is a cool tie. I like it really like that. I like it all right.

So. James. Bond is. James.

Bond adventurous is he. Relentless and ruthless is he dominant. MH is he strong tough how about. StreetWise even though he's very cultured right.

He's very very. So he passes right. Captain. Jack.

Sparrow is he. Relentless is he dominant [Music] no. His own way he is his does to look. Like the same thing yeah yes.

He is right. Is is he as obviously dominant as. James. Bond ah is he cynical oh would you say he's more or less cynical more ah what's changing the attri the proportions of one to the other.

But they're all there right. This is how once you understand the attributes you decide the proportions right. Who which archetype male or female do you most powerfully resonate with what's the closest match and. Then modify right.

This is what the whole identity by. Design. Silo was about originally right. Most of you guys some of you know this some of you don't the identity by.

Design style that we now use therapeutically was designed as an inner game process for aspiring pickup artists. But the change work was. So pervasive and. So profound that we just rolled it into a therapeutic model and it just changes lives everywhere it goes right.

Because it goes to the foundations of identity the building blocks of personality and gives you the tools to change it right. Uh and that's what we'll be doing in. Vegas as a self a self-work program right. Now the one.

I'm doing in. Vegas is going to have a few extra bells and whistles because. I had a modif. I had to.

I had to find a way to cater to the covert hypnosis crowd a little bit. So we're going to talk about some of the more. Black. Arts type of stuff about personality modification we probably won't do it any of it.

But we will discuss how it was done and give you a few. Dark. Side things that you can play with we'll talk about uh something called uh the. October man how many people ever heard of the.

October man okay. We'll be talking about that process which comes from and is derived from. Milton. Ericson work.

Milton. Ericson's work called the. February man yes. I just want to throw out.

I found. February. Man online for fre. PDF oh cool good yeah.

So again [Laughter] all right. So going into a more comedic vein right. Let's go into a more comedic vein. Austin.

Powers is he dominant yeah baby yeah right. Is he. Relentless right. Yeah is he cynical he got machine gun jubblies [Laughter] right.

Sam. Spade for those of you who do not know who. Sam. Spade is.

Humphrey. Bogart malt. Falcon greatest detective ever short of. Sherlock.

Holmes not really which version every version. I'm talking about the character not the actor. Sherlock. Holmes is awesome right.

Right. Why is. Sherlock. Holmes.

So awesome by the way is. Sherlock. Holmes adventurous is he cynical way cynical is he dominant. Advent.

I said adventurous right. Um is he strong is he tough yeah you see a pattern here's the rub when you when you build and amplify these qualities and characteristics in your life and by the way ladies most of these will reply to you as well every part of your life will improve because these are classic success traits when you embody these traits appropriately you will engender attraction just by walking in the room okay. Because the human neurology is hardwired to sort for that from the time we crawled out of the ocean and started forming societies that's what led to survival okay. From.

Gilgamesh to. King. Arthur right. I don't know if.

Noah had a sense of humor anybody who has to smell that many animals for that period of time probably has a very good sense of humor and a really bad sense of smell. But this is how we work we have to decide who do we need to be in a given situation or context that is most likely going to lead to. My outcome and step into that. Persona and when we're done if we like it we can keep it put it or we can put it back in a closet and put something else on that's a little bit more comfortable as long as we remember that it's still even the ones we're comfortable in are still just suits of clothing that we wear does that make sense all right.

Uh. Indiana was yes. So even the women would step into these characters they could uh or you can find other now again you have to look. At what kind of a role model do you want to to.

Really embody right. But if you look. At the classical ones before we really started uh flipping gender identities and gender roles right. Uh who were the classic feminine heroins pre pre 1980s huh oh 1980s pre 1980s.

Marilyn. Monroe okay. Now the actress or the character let's make a distinction oh yeah actually. Norma genene was quite intelligent.

Norma jeene was quite intelligent most people don't realize that. Marilyn was a. Persona that that. Norma wore and she could turn it on and off like a switch in fact in.

Kendrick. Cleveland's uh course the. Charisma switch which. I did.

I was doing stuff on charisma long before this. Marilyn could step onto the. Subway or actually. Norma could step onto the subway and ride it from end to end and nobody would pay attention to her no.

One would bat an eye and she was telling her friend about this one day and her friend looked at her like she was crazy she goes you want to see. Marilyn and and she and on the subway nobody's paying attention say you want to see. Marilyn watch boom and in seconds she was swarmed she turned it off again walk right. She which was her frustration she was a beautiful woman that cons intellig yeah that's what she was always.

F she played in again she had a fight just like the early. Hollywood everybody was typ cast yeah there was a type and if you fit it you got in right. You won't find very many very many very a-listers who broke outside of that mold okay. Right.

Someone was raising a hand yes. I. I was just thinking. I did this one with.

Gandhi would you say that he fit the was. Gandhi adventurous yeah hell yeah who stands in front of a a crowd of armed militia and says no. I will not fight you and. I will not move that's why yeah right.

Was he. Relentless yes. Stubborn as was he dominant yes. Dominance takes many forms was he cynical.

Marina. Hara okay. You talking about the actress or you talking about the character. I don't know about okay.

I don't know the actress. So. I can't comment she did some great movie. I'm sure she did.

But what character she her characters were every one of okay. I mean every. I wish. I can think of some movies.

But she did a lot with um. John. Wayne. John.

Wayne y yes. Does it resultant when you switching personas like that does it what like when when someone is in work setting mhm and you can switch on the. Persona and become one versus the other very quickly that's to confusion in your environment yes. For a moment um real quick to speak to that you weren't here uh.

Last identity by. Design where. I went into. Captain.

Jack the acupuncturist right. Yeah. I put the video. I put the clip on we were teaching deep trans identification and.

I had just been talking about something or other and. I lapsed into captain back while. I was doing hypnosis on somebody else for deep trans identification right. And the story that that preceded that how many people were there for that just.

So okay. Talk to these people it was really and. Then find the clip on. YouTube if you want to see it head a you see the back yeah um.

But what happens is people will will go through a adjustment period and. Then they'll stop paying attention if you hold the frame long enough and strong enough. So when. I was when.

I was testing the the uh the impact of socially programmed anchors uh at that time. I. I had just moved to. Los.

Angeles and. I was looking for. I was looking for social contacts you know. I was.

I'm. I'm a geek at heart um and uh. I was looking for a way to cut loose and explore the my. Wild.

Side a little bit and. So. I've always been into role playing games and the society for. Creative anacronismo this is about an a year maybe before uh.

Pirates of the. Caribbean came out. I had no. Idea it was coming and.

So. I got to know this group called. Clan dark sale and you can still find them actually they actually do a lot of renars and stuff around here and things like that and uh. I got involved with them and and started developing a.

Persona and uh a few months. Later uh. C uh. Pirates of the.

Caribbean came out and. I found the missing elements for what. I was looking for uh in the character of. Captain.

Jack um my character is not. Captain. Jack per se. But there are lots of characteristics that he shares with them right.

And one of the things. I was noticing was anytime a trailer came on or. Johnny. Depp appeared or her and.

Johnny. Depp has always been a a salvator for most women right. From the time from 21. Jump.

Street on up right. And. So. I was like what would happen if.

I just move through the world triggering that anchor right. Just just using the characteristics that people associate with him what would happen. So. I just started walking through the world like this.

I'd go to the clinic and. I'd say hell love how are you. I go you sound just like. Johnny.

D. I said no. He sounds like me right. And uh they go that accent is.

So amazing where are you from. Oklahoma right. And. I'm walking around in a white lab coat with a stethoscope and a clipboard all right.

In a in a medical clinic and these people have known me for a year why are you talking like that like what why why do you have to change your voice why do you color your hair right. And. So there was this brief adjustment period about two or three days and. Then.

St people just stopped caring. But the effect when. I spoke was obvious. Society movies television media spends an enormous amount of time to hard to hard program these things into you.

So you will respond if they're going to go through all that trouble to put that in there why don't we just use it why don't we just use it right. Because when you do it's [Applause] huge oh you come out guys aren't. Trump fans. I see huh that's what that's.

Bernie that's. Bernie huge huge huge okay. So my point is use it that's the realm of the covert hypnotist we see the. Matrix and we use it all right.

Everything you're being inundated with has one goal to program you to frontload you to. Prime you and predispose you to certain types of behaviors certain types of perceptions and it will manage you to some degree because it's too much of it not to. But as we become more self-aware as we practice these skill sets we work in. The.

Matrix instead of having it work on us we get more choice we get more awareness right. Just a. So. Sam.

Spade is a good classic one any any of the old. John. Wayne characters from. Rooster.

Cogburn to. Liberty. Valance to right. These are all.

CL classic archetypal. Primal male role models which by the way are newer our younger. Generations need yeah we need these we we if you want if if guys if you want your partners to be more feminine you have to be more masculine yes. Because the overall population of men is becoming progressively more feminized okay.

And as as a good thing as that might sound it's not okay. Because it's creating more frustrated women we one more. Clint most of clw's characters are extraordinarily. Mass masculine almost to the have to the point of having an extra chromosome right.

That's right. I mean if you look. At if you look. At at most of his characters they're not very they're not very romantic at all.

But they do they do pull from the same archetype. I don't really have a sense of humor. I he's very cynical oh really you ever you ever you ever watch any of the. Old.

Dirty. Harry movies oh. I guess. So you say we're not just going to let you walk out of here you want who me.

Smith and [Laughter]. Wesson right. I yeah. That's mighty white of you remember that line wow or when he's getting chewed out by his boss he tell you huh what's that when he's getting chewed out by his boss in the elevator and he just turned it on tells him your mouthwash ain't cutting it yeah your mouthwash ain't cutting it all he cares about.

Eddie. Murphy used to do an old you know a skit about his mom and and uh about stuff being a p you know we got eaten ice cream up off the floor and he goes into this mck. Clen with why'd you eat the ice cream off the floor right. So everyone everyone now going further for females because you know there's always been this this problem with well who who who who does actually qualify as a a.

Goodale. Ro look. At the older ones like the lit the literary. Heroes like.

Jane. Austin right. A lot of them. The.

Pride and. Prejudice books right. Um have very strong feminine characters for their time period right. Right.

This is again what we want to look. At in terms of the qualities and characteristics. Jane. Austin was very.

Progressive in terms of her characterizations right. And that's why her books have stood the test of time right. Um in fact they keep redoing her books with zombies right. So the we and and if you really want to get into the formulas you need to study romance novels for a lot of reasons and especially in terms of hypnotic languaging hypnotic languaging 51% of all books sold are romance novels that means the entire other 49% is everything else the.

Bible the. Quran right. Readers dig everything else and this stuff has a formula to it and it's written in a certain structure the characters have a formula um there's a great book. That.

Mark. Cunningham recommended many many years ago it's a book. Of essays written by female. Romance writers is called.

Dangerous men adventurous women and you can extract the formula right. Okay. Dangerous men adventurous women is huh is the yeah they're in there you'll have to it's not it's not listed out in like bullet points like. I just did here.

But if you read the essays you you'll be able to extract it right. Okay. Questions on this all right.
