Title: Hidden Laws of Attraction – Maximum Manifestation
File Name: XROpJwaOnt8.txt
Video Id: XROpJwaOnt8
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XROpJwaOnt8

E e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e for hello hello hello everyone welcome to maximum manifestation hidden. Laws of. Attraction forgotten secrets for manifesting. Success health wealth and happiness for the.

Next oh two hours three and a half hour three hours or. So. I'm going to be guiding you through some of the most important aspects of manifestation. I want to thank everybody for coming out tonight um.

I'm going to go through my basic uh my usual uh administrative administra. I think is what they call it nowadays. So just uh by a show of that's me in the chat how many folks here are veterans of. Planet.

David they've been around for a while they've been to events they've used some of our materials things of that nature go ahead and type that to me in the chat how long you've been in. Planet. David where you're checking in from of course we want your name of course for those of you out in. YouTube land we love you too.

So type in if you're a veteran of. Planet. David if you've been around for a while or if this is your. First time uh.

I love to uh to figure out who my new people are who my who my veterans are because. I put everybody to work uh one of the things. I love about the workshops that we do is that they are very very high participation uh means that if you actually do the uh processes and you play along with us you're going to have some amazing experiences and those experiences are going to change you and give you some proof that you can take out into the world and start manifesting or uh persuading and influencing or just generating the life that you want the way that you want it. I'm very proud of the solutions that have come out of the the people and the explorations in.

Planet. David and uh to that effect as we explore this idea of manifestation and. Law of. Attraction and reprogramming your subconscious mind.

I want to be very very clear about some things that. I may say that might fly in the face of what some of you have been led to believe about things like the. Law of. Attraction and um vibration and things like that one of the things you hear a lot in the world of manifestation is this idea that you have to believe in uh in something for it to work that's true enough to be true.

But there are some things that are not belief dependent they are vibration dependent and they are mechanics dependent. So one of the things that that we've really kind of put an emphasis on in. Planet. David over the years is how do we eliminate the need to believe in other words when um can.

I can. I distill a technique or a set of techniques down to just a simple process if you whether you believe it'll work or not as long as you're not actively resisting or fighting against it where you don't have to believe it's possible you just have to want it and you just and want it enough to do the process is it is there a way for us to make it almost mechanical purely a set of mechanics and. I've been very very happy uh to discover that there are a lot of things that uh and principles working below the surface with your autonomic nervous system that actually allow that to happen and of course you can't really leave the. Law of.

Attraction without talking about beliefs and and and understanding how beliefs work unfortunately most people don't really have a functional understanding of how beliefs are created how they work what the components of them are much less how to use those components to change them they take a very uh often long arduous uh way to do that um and we're gonna we're gonna kind of pull back the curtain on some of this tonight now obviously you know if. I if this is the scope of everything that there is uh to work on in in. Hidden. Laws of.

Attraction and the whole idea of manifestation even in a three-hour webinar you know we have time for this much. So. So my job as we go through these processes and we talk about these different principles and ideas and. Concepts together is to take you as far as.

I can give you some pure true verifiable tangible experiences that you can take out into the world start putting to work right. Away and. Then. I'm going to show you as we go through the foundations and the fundamentals how to get access to the entire system that we're pulling these these gold nuggets from.

So you can take your manifestation and self-empowerment journey um in whatever. Direction you want whether it's professional whether it's social whether it's academic right. The idea behind manifestation is to bring into your reality the things that you truly want we're going to talk a little bit about this idea of bringing things into your reality as opposed to manifesting them um. So a couple other things before.

I get into the the official presentation today. First and foremost if. Politically. Incorrect language colorful metaphor swearing or the word boobies offend you this is not the probably not the best use of the.

Next two and a half to three hours my intention here is never to offend anyone. But many times in order for us to make the insights or lead to get to the experiences or the things that are holding us back we need a little provocation we need to understand this idea of polarization towards or away from in any way is an indication of something within us that needs to be explored and reprocessed that's the we and uh the old systems we call that. Alchemy and. Alchemy and manifestation go hand in hand as does healing healing is a form of manifestation and transformation.

So many of the things that you're going to be exposed to tonight the principles the tactics things of that nature are. Universal they will apply to any form of deliberate manifestation healing and transformation that you want because they're based on the way your nervous system functions and communicates within itself. But also with the way it interacts with the. Quantum reality or the spiritual vibrational universe.

So that being said our our webinars are divided into three basic parts. First part is fundamentals and. Foundations these are the things that regardless of where what your background is where you're coming from if you're going to. St to spend time with.

Planet. David and and really absorb the techniques that we're going to sh these are the things you absolutely have to have right. Um and they're very powerful and we try to make them as experiential for you as possible uh circling back real quick and closing the loop on beliefs it is not necessary for you to believe a single thing that. I am going to share with you over the.

Next two and a half to three hours all that's necessary is that you have the right. State the right. Attitude and a sincere desire to roll up your sleeves do the drills and exp experience the skills as they unfold for you. I'm a.

I'm a. I'm the kind of instructor who believes very very much in a participatory or interactive environment. So. I'm going to be asking you to do things.

I'm going to be talking to you. I'm going to be asking you questions why because it's your webinar you know a lot of teachers like to say well. I don't play favorites. I absolutely do play favorites my favorites are the people who get off their butts and show up the people who take the time out of their busy schedule to sit down and actually engage fully in the processes.

I love my virtual audience 3,000. I love my live attendees 10,000 why because they got off their butts and showed up. So. I'm going to plant that seed for.

Later right. Um you want to make sure you have a couple of things uh to make to to. Really internalize what we're going to be doing tonight. So the.

First and foremost is you need something to write on and. I would prefer it something you actually can write on as opposed to something you type on right. Why because writing activates the kinesthetic cortex of your brain in a way that typing doesn't. Okay.

Um having something to write on as well as with is good you want to have as many caffeinated or uh neurocognitively stimulating uh substances around you as possible we prefer caffeine and chocolate because the oxytocin and and this stimulation amplifies your brain activity the oxytocin allows you to experience greater levels of neuroplasticity which means you take in the information and you hold on to it faster there's an old saying that neurons that fire together wire together and substances like oxytocin uh and other like dopamines are are which are found found in. U. I don't think it's dopamine that's found in chocolate there's other other substances found in chocolate actually accelerate that neuroplastic phenomenon and. So one of the things that we we always did in our meetups out here in.

San. Diego was we would give people lots and lots of chocolate with a sugar-free option for those who were diabetic or had you know other types of blood sugar issues. But also lots of caffeine and wasn't just to keep them awake it was because priming and pumping the body with lots and lots of oxytocin stimulates your your neurop elasticity and allows people to. IND to install the information faster.

So those are just some things that. I want you to uh if you don't have them uh. But would now be a good time to do that that being said let's go ahead and start with the official presentation for those of you who are brand new my name is. Dr.

David. Snider and. I actually have two doctorates. I am a practicing acupuncturist and master trainer of neural linguistic programming for the.

Last oh. God six seven eight years. I've been the number two. I've been named the number two the number two.

NL trainers in the world. NLP trainers in the world by global gurus. org uh some of the techniques you're going to be learning tonight are from uh my program called identity by. Design and hidden. Laws of.

Attraction as well as killer influence and killer influence uh was named the number one. NLP training program in the world for the. Last four years. So.

I'm very very happy um that people are getting. So much benefit from what we do and like. I said before you don't got to believe anything that. I'm going to share with you tonight all that's really necessary is that you do the drills and get the skills decide for yourself after you've had the experience if it's something that's useful for you um.

So let's go ahead. I'm gonna. Ahad and jump to my. PowerPoint really quick.

I'm not going to spend a lot of time in the. PowerPoint if. I can help it uh because. I'm a firm believer in avoiding.

Death by. PowerPoint. But. I will be jumping back and forth between my one note and my uh my.

PowerPoint as well as just face to face with you because. I love you and. I want you guys to get the most out of this. Workshop as humanly possible.

So that being said how many of you uh are brand new to the idea of manifestation and. Law of. Attraction right. And if you're not if you're a veteran if you've been studying these thing these these types of topics for a long time type how long you've been studying manifestation vibration.

Law of. Attraction things of that nature just go ahead and type that in the chat. YouTubers you got about a 60-second delay between what. I say in the zoom chat shows up on your feed.

But the the that function in your in your book. Is in real time. So. Nancy's been studying about 10 years azif is brand new excellent uh.

Sabrina is at about three years perfect okay. So you you notice. I'm already starting by asking you questions right. And and the reason that.

I do that is because a lot of us got our our. First introduction to manifestation with a movie or a book. That came out many many years ago called the secret and in that book. Um we were introduced to this concept.

M's got five years in we are introduced to the idea of. Law of. Attraction which basically says um that what you bring about you think about know or what you think about you bring about what and basically the the idea behind unpacking that is you will pull into your life the situations circumstances and events that are in harmony with your dominant thoughts and everybody's like oh great. I'll just put up a vision board and.

Magic will happen well how many of you put up a vision board and you're still waiting for that to happen anybody meie says. Nancy says oh yeah right. So wait a minute if all. I have to do is a vision board and give myself affirmations why is my stuff not magically appearing it's because they left a few things out of this idea of manifestation now don't get me wrong.

I'm a big believer. I am a great manifestor right. And. I say that for very deliberate reason reasons okay.

Which we're going to talk about how many of you. H understand the concept or principle of luck anybody. Brad says. I've been sharing spinning with people for a few years now excellent spinning is actually one of the most powerful um manifestation and transformation tools ever downloaded to me in fact it's kind of what put us on the map.

Beyond some of the other more carnal things that we did. So. Liam says me. I am stupid lucky.

I like. Liam. Liam's going to be on my team. Sabrina says we make our own luck that's true enough to be true okay.

And. I'm gonna do something here that. I haven't. I haven't taught uh in a long time.

I'm going to teach you how to be lucky. But. I'm going to do it um on a bunch of different levels now manifestation is not luck just. So you understand that manifestation is not luck luck has a a different connotation to it where there's a.

Randomness to it that just good things happen or things always work out the way that are in are are in your best interests right. That is a little bit different than what we call deliberate or intentional manifestation right. We have techniques for both in fact we're working on a whole new level to our uh hidden. Laws of.

Attraction and identity by. Design system where you become the embodiment of just pure posit postive luck it's really cool it's been really cool testing it. So far. But.

I want to make some distinctions for you between what. I call linear manifestation nonlinear manifestation and probability manipulation right. Um. So one of the things that we want to talk about is this kind this idea of you will pull into your life the situations circumstances and events that are in harmony with your dominant thoughts yeah about that here's the thing most people don't realize that you have two sets of thoughts you have thoughts you're conscious of thoughts you're aware of thoughts you know about.

But you also have thoughts that you don't know about you have thoughts and belief systems and barriers to manifestation for lack of a better word that you are unconscious of and until you can get in touch with the part of your neurology the other than conscious mind the unconscious mind that is in charge of those things those other than conscious blocks traumas limiting beliefs barriers that you are not aware of will continue to taint and block your ability to manifest now. I want to be very very clear a lot of us know we have. Bel we have shitty beliefs we we know that how many of you have at can think of at least two or three limiting beliefs that they know of yes. Or yes.

Type it in chat for me right. Okay. But here's the problem there are beliefs that you don't know you have there are beliefs that operate behind beliefs that are behind other beliefs. So the problem with what we want to do and and to be a maximum manifestor is we have to yes.

Says. I'm riddled with them what we have to do is we have to find them now how do we do that well. I'm glad you asked the. First thing is knowing what we want you see that again knowing what we want and how we know that we're getting it okay.

It sounds really simple it sounds really basic. But. I'm not talking about knowing what we want. So we know what to shoot for.

I'm talking about knowing what we want. So we can provoke the things that are in our way of manifesting right. We're going to do some exercises very very shortly to teach you how that works one of the. First things.

I teach all of my students and whether you're a. First timer on our webinar whether you've been around for. S8 3 10 s whatever long it is. I consider you all my students and by by extension family and.

So one of the. First things that. I teach all of my students is that my. First job as your teacher is to teach you how to become progressively more aware because write this down without awareness there is no.

Choice. I'll repeat that two more times in case you're taking. So if you're taking notes you can really get it without awareness there is no. Choice okay.

Now we have limiting beliefs we have fears we have reasons for why we're not getting the things we want and we can distill these these impediments to transformation and manifestation down to some simple things. So uh. First and foremost why why can. I even talk to you about this.

First and foremost. I am one of the world's leading authorities on how to reprogram the subconscious mind. I've been engaged in all forms of metaphysics and manifestation since uh you know since the since. I was a teenager right.

Let me just you know what let me just do this really quick just. So we can officially be uh get on the road with the what. I lovingly call the. Dr.

David. Dogg and pony show for those of you who are. First timers who the heck is. Dr.

David. Snider and why should. I care well. First and foremost.

I am an actual doctor of. Chinese acupuncture and. Oriental medicine this is a copy of my diploma from. Pacific.

College of oriola. Medicine. I've been a licensed and practicing acupuncturist uh since 2005. I recently completed my doctorate in.

Chinese energetic medicine which is a. Second doctorate which is all on sh. ICS and medical chiong that was taught in. China before they started shutting down all of the chiong hospitals out there uh this is a copy of like.

I was talking about earlier with global gurus this is a copy of our letter from. Global gurus stting it was a great pleasure to announce that your training program killer influence has been chosen by global peers and ranked the number one best program in the world for. NLP uh this is this is an older one. I have one from 2023 and.

I think. I have. I'm getting one from 2024 uh you can see that and this is a copy the letter that we got and if you click that link you'll go here and you'll see that we are the program is ranked one of the number one. NLP training programs of the earth now why am.

I talking about killed influence if this is a class on manifestation well the reason for that is is there's two things that all manifestation is reliant on one of which we're going to cover it we're going to cover it. Later in the webinar. But. I'll say it here estate control the ability to enter or exit or link any vibrational emotional state at will on demand and there is no.

Program in the world that teaches you to do this faster and better than killer influence the entire day and a half. First day and a half of the five-day training is devoted to nothing. But learning how to go in and out of any state you want link it to anything you want on demand and how to transfer those states to other people. So that they go into similar.

States and you gain. Rapport super quick and that's that's their. B bait you know that's more advanced than most people get in in. Master.

Level. Training that's where we start. But. I want you to understand that there's a lot that goes in and killer influence tends to be the entry point to a lot of our.

Tech right. I also a lifelong martial artist. I have a 10th degree black belt in. Ruku kmo karate a fourth degree black belt in.

Shaolin kown. Second degree black belt in kosho koru. First degree black belt in furu. Jiu-Jitsu.

I also have a brown belt in small circle. Jiu-Jitsu. I have a certified instructor in combat. Systema.

Cinco monoa and of course moner and. I like to like to make a little joke. I have more energy healing credentials than. McDonald sells hamburgers.

I've been a raiki master and teacher uh since the early 90s. I've been studying cabala almost as long since before. Madonna ever heard of cabala you know. So.

I'm very much a premadonna. I'm trained in advanced chronic healing chronic. Psychotherapy and their manifestation techniques known as kosaki. I'm trained in advanced.

DNA. Theta healing and manifestation. I'm a practitioner of the. Bankston energy healing system which by interest happen stance taught me one of the most powerful manifestation techniques on the planet and like.

I said. I've. I've recently completed a doctor of medical chiong. I'll be completing my studies in.

Buddhist mysticism uh in. February and. Then. I'll be going on to complete studies in.

Daoism and uh as well as. Christian mysticism two forms of. Christian mysticism. So.

I've been around a while. I've been doing this a long time um we've off. I've offered over 15 different products on various forms of human influence. So again just going back what do all these things really have in common two things like.

I said. State control which is the ability to enter and exit any vibrational. State at will we're going to talk about this idea of vibration and emotion because this is another one of those places where a lot of confusion um. Can can actually shortcircuit our manifestation systems the other part of this is pattern recognition how many of you by show if that's me in the chat have ever dated the same person with a different face multiple times or created the same problem in different businesses over and over and over again right.

Um no. Matter where you go no. Matter what you do the same patterns keep showing up the same things types of people right. It's because there are patterns operating below the threshold of conscious awareness that you are not able to access the the sad part about alchemy and transformation is that until we've suffered enough until we've reached a.

Crossroads in our. Consciousness our con the very things that we use to manifest are the same things that keep us stuck and that's something. I want you to understand the each and every one of you is a powerful masterful manifestor you're just manifesting up right. And it's because you're not nobody really taught you in a way that you can verify for yourself how the system works.

So that's my job tonight is. I'm going to give you as much as. I can where you can start making changes right. Away and.

Then. I'm going to point you in the direction of of where to go to to level it up and keep going with that transformation and manifestation uh. Vector is that a fair tradeit to to go as far as we can in the time that we have and. Then.

I point you in the direction of where to go and we just keep building on that is that okay. All right. Perfect all right. So we talk about stay control and pattern recognition this is absolutely um what everything is is going to distill down to in one form or another okay.

So um what does that have to do with success health wealth and happiness pretty much everything right. All right. So listen guys there are no. Accidents the question is are you in the right.

Place. So uh. I'm going to jump out of the. PowerPoint in just a minute.

But let me ask you a question how many of you here by a show of hands are ready to take the randomness out of your manifestation work how many of you are ready to engage in what. I like to call the process of linear intentional manifestation how many of you ready to do that right. By a show hands right. Okay.

Cool how many of you ready to remove the blocks to your success to get over liming beliefs to attract love health wealth success happiness more opportunities into your life without adding more to your everyday workload wouldn't it be would it be better to just do the same amount of work and get a progressively higher and higher level of return on your investment okay. There's some there's some par some principles and some and ideas that are not going to make me popular when. I when. I present them to you.

But these are the things that. I've discovered over a very very long career as you can see from my my curriculum. I've manifested a lot of stuff in fact my very. First doctorate was an impossible task.

Second one was almost as impossible which uh. I'll talk if you if we might talk about that. Later in part three of the webinar. So while we're on that idea we.

I divide my webinar let me jump out of this really quick how many of you ready to become the take your life to the. Next level and become the best versions of yourself right. Okay. So let's talk about how we structured tonight's webinar tonight's webinar we're going to talk about fundamentals.

First we're going to talk about. Next steps we put together a set of programs and a package for you uh that's going to make it super easy to get access to everything you're going to need to know uh and part three is the customization phase and this is where we're going to take you as a group and we're going to drill down a specific topic and give you the exact tools you need to be able to achieve that outcome does that sound like a plan. So part one foundations and fundamentals two is. Next steps and leveling up three is is customization and application are we good there this means yes.

This means no. Or as. T harveer would say yes. Or yes.

Right. All right. Perfect. So if by becoming the best version of yourself that might include being super attractive to the opposite sex type that if you want to banish fear and insecurity from your life make more money from your job or build that dream business or write that book.

That you've been thinking about writing type that's for me in the chat if. You' like to protect yourself from being manipulated or handle difficult people or just remove those difficult people from your life and pull people into your life that facilitate and and build you up and support who you want to be right. Type that's for me in the chat right. If you'd like to be able to just move through the world manifesting the things you want without have to work without actually having to work any harder than you're already working go ahead and type that in the class if you'd like to take your spiritual and understanding of yourself and your your your true.

Mission and purpose in this life as far as you can and and and have that experience in every aspect of your life go ahead and type that in the chat because that's what's on the agenda we're going to start the process here you know they say a journey of a. Thousand. Miles begins with a single step that's actually wrong the. Journey of a.

Thousand. Miles begins with the idea and the intention the idea of a journey and the intention of a single step. But even that starts with the idea of a destination right. So everything starts in the mind.

But let's not be very let's be very very clear you cannot completely divorce the need for physicality for grounding in this dimensional vibrational reality actions that move you in the direction of what you're seeking to manifest. So there are two things that we're going to talk about uh right. Up front um that are going to be important for you to really wrap your head around to manifest the life you want. So.

I'm going to teach you in this webinar if you stay until the end you're going to learn the fastest most powerful and direct way to reprogram your mind and magnetize yourself for unlimited success health wealth and happiness. I promise you. I will give you access and. I'll show you uh the real hidden.

Laws of. Attraction. I'll show you more than just the laws that you've read about in. The.

Secret how to change your vibration to to match what you want to attract how to remove. Blocks. Your manifestation success how to get rid of negative emotions fear pain. Ling beliefs stuff you didn't even realize that you know that you had at the end of the day we're g to go take the we're gonna we're going to work through a path together to go from interesting information to maximum manifestation in minimum time.

So let's start with the two most important factors for manifesting anything that you want those factors can be summed up in two words identity and action right. I'm. GNA say it three times. So you can write it down identity and action okay.

Identity let's talk about identity how many of you were here at the beginning of the webinar when. I said how many people here are familiar with this concept of luck right. How many of you the moment. I asked about being familiar with luck just typed into the chat.

I'm a lucky person how many did that. I know at least one of you did that right. But how yeah that was. Liam right.

And what did. I say. I want him on my tea why because that is the. First characteristic of lucky people the.

First characteristic of lucky people is they they self-identify as being lucky. So if. I said who who's familiar with luck and the. First thing that popped into your head was oh or my luck sucks guess what we have some work to do right.

And this is what we call identity work the. First and most important thing that you have to and how many people are familiar with a gentleman by the name of. John asaraf anybody most of you probably if you've watched the secret or read the books you've heard about uh. Mr asra.

I was in a mastermind with him many many years ago with. Lisa sovich and uh fascinating guy um. But one of the things that that that the. Mr asaraf was saying was you can't out earn your level of self-esteem what does that mean it means that if you have an identity that says you don't deserve something or that something is impossible for you.

Then it's very very difficult to go beyond that now that is true unless you have certain tools and techniques some of those techniques are to change that which we'll talk about another part of that also is your belief in something higher than yourself okay. We're going to talk about one of the most important factors in identity today and that's your belief system okay. Um one of the things. I love about the discipline of neurol linguistic program which is as much art as it is science right.

And now with the. Cutting. Edge research in. Neuroscience it's more science than anything else.

But how you deploy it and how you use it is where it takes on the um the idea of an art right. So here's the. First thing we need to understand what is. NLP how many people are not familiar with the concept of neurolinguistic programming many people are not familiar with neural linguistic programming maybe that's a better a better concept to ask come on this is the interactive portion of the class.

I he are. But how do. I change that absolutely that there is higher intelligence and have heard all about okay. So one of the reasons that we as practitioners of manifestation want to understand.

NLP is because let's think about this for a moment okay. What is manifestation who can give me a a succinct definition of what is manifestation. Joseph says'. NLP is where.

I found you yeah a lot of people did. But you know. I was a great. I was a world-class hypnotist long before.

I got named the number number one. NLP. Guru in the in the world right. And.

I really believe that if you really want to get good. I mean really good at manifesting you need hypnosis and you need. NLP okay. And.

Then the energy kind of takes care of itself okay. So uh my. Brad says my believe in my dead. Grandma's ghost okay.

Kelly says bringing into existence what was once a belief oo okay. Uh bringing the non-physical into the. Physical. Realm okay.

Okay. Uh blut saying to bring into reality what you desire. Yugo says whatever your vibration is you attract okay. Nvf says.

B. I know. Richard. B okay.

Great uh. Simon says to be the change you want to see okay. Let's we're getting a little poetic here and. I'm not trying to be poetic and.

I'm not trying to be um. I'm not trying to be tricky with you. But. I want you guys to look.

At some of the words that you used okay. Bringing into existence what was once a belief okay. There's that word belief. So you might want to write that down bringing nonphysical things into phys the.

Physical. Realm non-physical when your vibration matches your desire. So we have vibration and desire manifestation is the the process of bringing our wants and desires into something. Steph says make happen all right.

Perfect now what do all those things have in common well think about it for a moment. NLP that if you asked. Dr bandler what his definition of. NLP is many many years ago he would look.

At you and say. NLP is the structure is the study of the structure of subjective. Human. Experience.

I'm going to say that two more times. So we can understand why. NLP is important for us it's the study of the structure of subjective. Human.

Experience now most people know of. NLP as a way to influence and communicate and and conversationally hypnotize people and that's true. But there's another level that most people kind of don't really invest in. NLP is the study of how your nervous system creates everything anything that you can become aware of your nervous system has a way to translate vibrational information into something that you can work with.

NLP is the study of that. So if manifestation is the study of bringing things that we want to believe or bringing things that uh we desire well isn't belief a subjective experience isn't desire a subjective experience. So the more we understand how that works the faster we can get cut through the and get to what we want. So you're going to learn some very power you don't you're not going to be taught.

NLP today you're going to be taught a series of techniques that are built from neural linguistic processes interacting with vibrational and and uh physics and metaphysical. Quantum physical principles because your nervous system system better than any other um mechanism on the planet is uniquely designed to interact with the quantum. Universe we're going to show you how that works you don't need to understand 90% of what. I'm talking about for this to work for you all you have to do is follow the mechanical steps.

So let's talk about uh we're going to talk about the laws the hden laws of mental. Dynamics the laws that govern your nervous system and how to inter and to connect your mind and body uh to get maximum manifestation and transformation and minimum time we're going to do that through experiences we're going to start clearing right. Off the bat. But the.

First thing we need to understand is this concept of identity and the. Second one which is the. Second characteristic of lucky people okay. The.

First one is identity you have to have an identity that supports who you are all right. And. So the. First thing that people think about is limiting beliefs and yes.

There's there's that. But there's also fears traumas um values these are also aspects of your belief system and also based on traumas and safety rules that your nervous system has applied to the your your history we're going to show you how all that comes together and how it's all written from the same universal language and once you understand how to write and speak in that language you can make any change you want practically for any reason that you want okay. The. Second big principle that you have to accept and.

I'm going to give you my functional approach to it you're not going to like it and. I'm sorry. But this is how it has to be if you want to if you want to step into your power it is the. Second characteristic all.

Lucky people have in common and that is proactive action taking all. Lucky people people who have an an a disproportionate level of spontaneous good things happening we all know these people right. Like they could be walking down the street they step in a big pile of poop right. They go to clean the poop off their shoe and they find a gold coin in it right.

Or you know one of my one of my colleagues. Scott sandin who is actually very famous as a. Hypno. But he's more famous in the world of.

AI right. He is one of the luckiest mofos. I have ever met right. If.

I'm if if if there were a plane passing overhead carrying a a thousand pounds of gold bars and the cargo bay door accidentally opened in the fell out it would fall in. Scott sanon's back seat the crate holding the gold would fall on mine now. I'm teasing right. But that's.

But we all know people that no. Matter what crap seems to hit them they always come out better off is and and is there a way is there a way to maximize and amplify that the answer is yes. There's a bunch of ways to do it okay. First one is going to be a.

Crea for yourself an identity that has as one of its core components your lucky person that sound sounds really it sounds really simple and it is it is simple it's not always easy right. To get to that point there's practices that we have to intentionally engage in now a lot of them can be very quick some of them take repetition are you willing to do that how many of you are willing to do whatever it takes to be more fortunate lucky and uh have a disproportionate number of serendipitous events okay. Perfect because there you know back in the day one of my one of the. First courses that.

I. I was ever given access to was. I was taught a a tool called. The teachability.

Matrix. So what you do is you number it from. Zer to 10 and. Then 0er to 10 and the vertical access is your desire and the horizontal access is your willingness to do whatever it takes and where those two metrics meet is how.

How likely you are to be successful. How likely you are to take on information. So if you want on a on a piece of paper write down your teachability index from 0 to 10 is your desire from zero to 10 on the on the horizontal plane is how much you're willing what you're willing to do to get it plot those two points 0 to 10 draw a line and notice where they connect that's how much more likely you you are to get what you want okay. If you're if you're not at least an eight or above we got some work to do you you haven't really tapped into the things you really really want right.

One of my one one of my manifestation teachers told me that you in order to manifest effectively you have to want something more than you're afraid to have it. I'm. GNA write say that three times in order to manifest something effectively you have to want something more than you're afraid to have it okay. Now how do we do that how can we how can we amplify our desire for something well you know what there's a way to do that too how cool is that right.

There's a way to do all of these things right. But you have to be willing to take those. First steps okay. But things get in way if if it were just that easy everybody would everybody would go and do it right.

But we have all these things that get in the way. So the two most important ingredients that a person has to have in order to manifest the things they want is an identity that supports it one of my other teachers. A very wise lady who have't even wiser mother told me that you can be or do or have anything you want in this life. But.

First you must become the person for whom that thing can manifest for or happen to right. So let's talk about that in terms of this idea of action there's two ways that people um avoid taking action they don't want to or they don't want to the question is why why don't they want to well it's really simple either they're afraid to or they don't know how to that's it they're afraid to or they don't know how to. So that in in in. Planet.

David speak we we talk about the two limiters to taking action are what we call mindset issues and skill set issues. So what are mindset issues limiting beliefs fears traumas past history right. And how do you diagnose that well. First and foremost is there if there's something you want if there's something you want right.

And you know every single step you need to take to get from point. A to point. Z. But you're not doing it mindset issue if you have all of this energy and all of this drive and and you're just ready to get to like a like a hurdler in the blocks right.

But you're just kind of spinning your wheels because you don't know where to point that gun where to point that energy it's a skill set issue now more often than not it's a com the things that hold us back or limit us are combinations right. And. So we're going to tackle um limiting beliefs we're going to talk about subjective experience we're going to talk about all the the barriers in the other than conscious mind that hold us back from success now why don't if if that's where we're going tonight why am. I talking about skill set issues because many times what we think is a mindset issue is a skill set issue there's something we don't know how to do.

So we we don't do it now sometimes we know what it is we don't know and we just don't know where to find the answer and sometimes we don't know what we don't know right. How many people have ever been in a situation where uh person's teaching you're introduced to a brand new subject the person says any questions and you have no. Idea you don't know enough about the subject to ask a good question ever have that happens like. I don't know what to ask right.

There's this. Fountain of information in front of you and you don't know where to start that can happen right. So let's talk about these mindset issues when we talk about mindset when we talk about identity what are we talking about we're talking about belief systems for sure we're talking about fear we're talking about traumas we're talking about fantasies. Daydreams any form of subjective experience that pertains to the identity level um is going to be handled in the techniques that.

I'm going to be can be handled in in the processes that. I'm going to share with you. So if it's okay. With you.

I'm going to go ahead and. I'm going to jump into into uh some of our concepts of identity and things of that nature and we're going to talk about ways that you can start taking control of your state start identifying the beliefs you know about and the beliefs you don't and that's really the big piece. The. Law of.

Attraction tells us that you will bring in to your life the situations circumstances people and events that are in harmony with your dominant thoughts the problem is they didn't really tell you what your dominant thoughts actually are we all believe that the dominant our dominant thoughts are the ones we're conscious of you know for example if. I say when you think about that voice in your head you like it's the voice that just said what voice those are your dominant thoughts they're the thoughts that you're aware of okay. But there's a layer and a layer and a layer below that and there are thoughts and and programs running below the surface of your conscious mind that are inhibiting and limiting your success and are in fact modulating those thoughts that your conscious s you have to remember something at every thought and memory that you can become aware of. First has to pass through every level of your nervous system before you can become conscious of it there is absolutely nothing in your reality that is real what two books.

I want you to read. First one is called how emotions are made by. Dr. Lisa.

Feldman. Barrett book. Number two same author. Dr.

Lisa. Felman. Barrett seven and a half lessons about the brain everything your brain is doing everything your neurology is doing is a hologram it's an illusion it's a prediction of what it thinks is supposed to happen it's an interpretation of vibrational data or primary experience passing through the prism of your nervous system and being expressed around you like a big movie right. My teacher as my teacher seeu.

Jerry. Allen. Johnson we say you're awake in a dream once you once you become aware of that you're awake in the dream another way we talk about is seeing the. Matrix think of.

Neo when he became aware he was in the. Matrix right. You are literally living that metaphor now just like. Neo though you have the ability to influence the.

Matrix you have the ability to do that and it starts with who are you and what are your beliefs right. The. First thing we want to do is we want to start to discover we will start to uncover and unpack the beliefs we know about and the beliefs we don't and to do that we're going to do an exercise would that be okay. How many of you by a show of that's me in the chat can feel good for no.

Fraking reason. Joseph that was. Dr. Lisa.

Feldman. Barrett how many of you can feel good for no. Reason. Nancy says yes.

Yes. Yes. All right. So for those of you who are veterans of.

Planet. David this is this is a basic a basic drill how many of you. UND have ever heard of a lady named uh. Dr uh uh.

Amy. Cy power poses okay. Dr. Cy did the science on it we've been doing most more advanced things for decades.

But she did the science. So. I would recommend you watch her her power posing video uh. Dr.

Amy cudy power poses okay. So here's what we're going to do we're going to link the different divisions of your nervous system. So. I want for those of you who are driving or who may be listening to this.

Next piece while operating. Machinery driving anything where you've got to be in control of everything going on around you do not do this do not do this okay. Why because we're going to alter your state we're going to put you in a trance now you're never not in trance that's the big secret the question is is the trance you're in getting you what you want or moving you away from what you want human beings are the most powerful trance machines on the planet that's how you manifest by going into trance by shifting and modulating your. Consciousness.

But what does that what's the secret sauce that allows us to shift. Consciousness. I'm. G to break it down as we say in some the audiobook.

Series that uh that. I'm going through now. I'm going to break it down. Barney style for you there's two elements that you need to tap into your ability to manifest and and using your.

Consciousness a you need to be uh in control of the body feelings that you're generating and you need to be in control of the meanings you assign to what you perceive. So. I'm. GNA say that again you need.

Consciousness functionally in. Planet. David is a combination of the events that we perceive and the meanings we assign to them working in conjunction with the body feelings that we have when your body feelings shift a part of your neurology called the reticular activating system changes its priorities of what's important in the space around you okay. How many people here have ever been in an argument with somebody yes.

Or yes. Right. Okay. Um how many people ever noticed that you know you go through that arguing process right.

I said you said. I said you said and all of a sudden you know we're arguing back and forth for 5 10 15 minutes and we. Finally resolve the argument with that person right. And.

Then for whatever reason anything you say pisses them off again right. Welcome to the wonderful world of what. Dr. Paul egman calls the emotional refractory period otherwise known as the effect of the reticular activating system you see your perceptions are dramatically influenc inced by your body feelings we say that twice more your perceptions in other words your.

Consciousness is is directly affected by the body feelings you're holding on to conscious or otherwise now notice that that phrase is really important the. Consciousness that you you you're working from is affected by the body feelings you have conscious or otherwise. So how many of you know what the percentage of what have taken a big bucket of water and tried to carry it across a room or a. Dixie cup full of water and tried to carry it across the room how'd that work out how many of you noticed the water.

SL is sloppily. Cali says right. So here's the thing the human body is at least 70% water right. In spite of the fact that a lot of that is in your cellular matrix it's still a fluid system why don't you slot when you walk the answer is you do you do the difference is that there's a division of your nervous system called the interoceptive nervous system that filters that information out when you read.

Dr felman's books you will be introduced to this interoceptive aspect of the autonomic nervous system it is the part of you that manages and modulates all the internal. Sensations that are going on in your body and keeps them from coming into conscious awareness unless they're extremely provocative okay. Now why am. I saying that because when we start talking about manifestation and we start talking about vibration we start talking about getting in harmony with certain uh vibrational fields that that create certain events the functional way that you change your vibration and by extension.

Consciousness is by changing your body feelings if you can change the vibrational signature the sum total of the body feelings that you're inhabiting. Then the vibrational message that you extend out into the quantum. Universe changes the problem is that there are. Sensations we know about and.

Sensations we don't just like there are beliefs that we know about and belief. Bel that we don't and it's natural for us to focus on what we're aware of it's just intuitive right. But you have to understand that everything you're conscious of is the tip of a very large. Iceberg.

So part of our. First job is helping you to figure out where are the things. I don't know about how do. I find those and the reason we're going to the way that you do this the way that you do this is by provoking them by provoking them how do you provoke them you focus on the things you really really want and you start to pay attention to what happens in your body differently okay.

So we're going to do a a really quick technique um. So. I want everybody to stand up okay. And again if you're driving and you want to participate.

Then what you need to do is you need to pull that vehicle off to the side of the road put the car in park put on the emergency brake turn off the ignition make sure you won't be disturbed carjacked whatever make sure it's safe wherever you're at to do this. But do not operate any form of. Machinery or heavy equipment or anything that requires your full and undivided attention to do this exercise hit the replay when it becomes available will be here right. So here's what we're going to do.

I want you guys to think of something that gives you the most amazing pleasure ever not that one no. I'm teasing. I don't care what it is. I'm not the pleasure police.

I want you to think of something that brings you tremendous tremendous. Joy right. If you can't think of. Joy think of the the biggest orgasm you've ever had or uh the the most ecstatic spiritual experience here.

I don't care. I'm not the pleasure police all right. But. I want you to make it juicy now inevitably what happens when.

I do an exercise like this with the group is. I say think of the most pleasurable thing imaginable and you go because you're on the spot whatever pops up. First just go with that okay. I'm going to give you something really really quick.

I'll revisit it again in part three of tonight's webinar. So that you can you can learn it a little bit deeper we're going to talk about six dynamics of an unconscious response. First and foremost. So the other than conscious mind that other that other part of you always answers.

First it always answers honestly it always feels like you're making it up you always have an urge to edit what just came up it's never allow it's never linear take it to the bank two more times with feeling always answers. First. First always answers honestly always feels like you're making it up always has an urge to edit what just came up never loud never linear always answers. First always answers honestly always feels like you're making it up never loud never linear whenever you did any kind of altered state work where you're going to dialogue with the other parts of you you need to apply those parameters because if you do you can trust the information that you get if you start trying to analyze judge think about what's happening you're going to spin off into all these little thoughts and tributaries and get on this hamster wheel of cognition that is not going to get you the most linear path to what you need okay.

Now that being said. I want you to take a piece of paper out write down the the mo three most pleasurable things you've ever experienced just take it take a moment write them down and when you've done that write done in the chat vus is like laughing at my sloshing around jokes right. This is the participatory part of the process right. Just write them down trust me if.

I put you in trance and ask you guys to go back to the scene situation or event that is the source of of the most joyful thing you're. G to go someplace different that's not the issue right. Now right. Now we work with what we've got we always work with what we've got until we get something better all right.

Now as you look. At the three most pleasurable experiences of your life. I want you to remember them. I want you to relive them.

Chris. Richardson says oh boy 2x rated for the chat don't put it in the chat put it on the paper seriously. I'm not asking you to post it in the chat. I want it to be the juiciest most amazing.

I want to do that again right. Now experience ever okay. Okay. This is the most aside from knowing exactly what it is you want to manifest and how you're getting it this this this portion right.

Here is one of the most powerful and important pieces that most people are missing from their manifestation practice we call it. State. Control okay. State control is the ability to enter or exit any emotional state on demand at will in any in any order or sequence it's a it's it's it's truly.

Jedi right. It's baby stuff. I mean from my perspective it's baby stuff for you guys it's going to be it's going to be lifechanging right. So what does it mean if nothing comes to mind when you try to think of those best childhood.

I didn't ask for childhood. Members. First of all. I ask for the most pleasurable experience you can recall today right.

At the risk of being provocative if the best experience you had today was taking a really big dump and feeling that satisfaction of a bowel movement well done write that down guys. Regals. I don't care as long as it brings you pleasure okay. If you you know you had a chocolate covered.

Cherry today and it was the most amazing thing ever do that right. I'm not gonna. I'm not the pleasure please. I don't care what it was it's not the event that's important it's not the event that was important it's the body feeling it generated why write this down the.

B the body feelings that you hold on to that you experience are a direct measurement of the vibrational frequency you're emitting to the universe we say that two more times the body feelings that you embody or the the sematics the kinesthetics that you embody are a direct measurement of the vibrational frequency you're sending out to the universe this is why on our little science that you see all the time when you come to events if you can point to where you feel it you can change it right. The reason for that is is all body feelings are grounded in the physical form and because once. I find that. I now know where.

I where where to find the resource that. I need to change all body feelings have subjective experiences what does that mean it means we can use. NLP to manipulate those feelings and transform them from some one thing to another thing now we go beyond just basic. NLP with this we go into sematics go holographic memory resolution we go into chiong all forms of neong and energetics there's all kinds of principles that we're weaving together to create this manifestation machine.

But the. First and most important thing that you need to understand is vibration or body feeling equals frequency let me say that again body feeling equals frequency body feelings equal frequency how many of you have ever heard of something called affirmations yes. Or yes. Okay.

So. Joseph says she has sciatica would you like to get rid of those things we'll show you okay. Because pain headaches stomach aches nausea they're also subjective experiences they can be changed how you use vibration to change vibration in other words you use feelings to change feelings is it really that simple yeah that's what's crazy right. All these different studies of.

Consciousness and sematics and. Trauma resolution and hypnosis all of it can be distilled down to one basic. Axiom from planet. David everything human beings do everything human beings do is in response to a feeling it's either a feeling they want more of or feeling they want a whole lot less help now the classic traditionally trained neural linguistic programs will say oh ne ne oh n n.

David some people are visuals and auditories and kinesthetics and. Al factories and gustor yeah. So what here's here's the bottom line the body does nothing the body does nothing until it exp until it has a feeling to use. NLP speak you have kinesthetic internal kinesthetic external what does that mean.

First we feel something. Then we do something that's it we feel something we do something now how do we get to those body feelings well sometimes it's a visual sometimes it's an auditory sometimes it's a smell sometimes it's a taste. But it's going to be a visual sequence and. Then a feeling and.

Then we're going to take an action where it's going to be an auditory sequence and. Then that results in a body feeling and we're going to take an action. I'm oversimplifying it a little bit. But when we talk about things like convincer strategies which is a program or a pattern that every nervous system runs part of that nervous system is how many times something has to be repeated and the sequence of visual auditory kinesthetic.

Factory parts of your brain and has to like up. But all of them all of those end with a feeling kinesthetic feel it you do it boom. So if everything we do begins and ends with a feeling. Why not start there and if feeling is equal to frequency.

Then if we can change our body feelings several things begin to happen a the body feelings change our vibration the body feelings change how we perceive the world around us which me are shifting our. Consciousness. So we become magnetized to perceive the things in our environment which is consciousness that are in alignment with what our nervous system has decided as a priority fastest way to change another person's behaviors thought processes is to change their body feelings fastest way to change another person's body feelings is to change yours. First if you want to manifest guess what you have to do if you want to manifest better guess what you have to do you got to change the way you feel you got to change the state you got to change the.

Consciousness how do we do that posture and breathing posture and breathing. But we're going to do something called trans derivational loading right. So how many of you. I'm going to assume that all of you took.

The time to write down three pleasurable things yes. Yes. Okay. Now here's what.

I want you to do. I call this your. Steven. Spielberg moment.

I want you to look. At that. First thing on your list and. I want you to make a movie.

I want you to make it big as a drive-in movie theater screen. Crystal. Clear like an. IMAX.

Turn. Up. The. Sounds the smells the tastes the best event ever when it's perfect in every way.

I want you to watch that movie now once not twice. I want you to watch it over and over and over again not once not twice hundreds and thousands of times at the speed of thought with each thought. I want you to make those feelings 10 times stronger a hundred times more powerful a thousand times more thrilling fulfilling and satisfying than ever before until it overwrites and replaces everything you've ever experienced before and. Then it just keeps getting stronger and stronger and stronger still and.

I want you to notice something as you're noticing what. I'm about to say under no. Circumstances try to type anything in the chat do what. I'm telling you now as you notice that energy as you.

R watch that movie over and over and over again. I want you to notice something that there's a place in your body where those amazing feelings start where they grow where they spread from take a moment notice where you feel it and point to it. First impression point to it boom look. At it with your inner eyes.

And notice that there's a color maybe even a series of colors connected to those amazing feelings what color or colors would that be for you. First impression what don't type it in the chat just know what it is and now what. I want you to do is. I want you to take that movie you've been watching.

I want you to step into it and. I want you to live it. First person like a video game over and over and over again from beginning to middle to end and wind it and do it again over and over again boom boom boom notice how you do as you do that with each repetition that energy dou in size and strength doubles in force and magnitude grows to fill to fill your entire being from the top of your head to the tips of your toes and all points in between and. Then it just keeps getting stronger and stronger and stronger till it becomes.

So strong. So powerful it begins to radiate radiate radiate from your body like the. Rays of the sun forming a beautiful colored frame around that reality that you're creating and manifesting when you're ready to own it to embody it to personify it complete. I want you to physically reach out with both of your hands lift that frame up over your head with the reality inside of it expand it to fill the infinite.

Universe pass it through your entire being head to toe. Mind. Body. Soul energy over and over and over again until every part of your being is vibrating in perfect harmony with this new reality that you're creating just keep passing it through now you may notice as you do this process physically do it guys physically do it right.

As you go through this process you may notice some people break out into sweat some people laugh some people yawn some people cry some people twitch some people just feel tingly and warm all over some people feel electricity surging and. But. However your body does it that's just your whole neurology resetting itself just the vibrational and holographic detox there's no. Need to measure it manage it and make it happen faster just just keep doing it and when you know it's done it's locked in impossible to go back the way it was test it try to turn it off try to make it go away and notice what happens instead when you're satisfied stop testing let the process just settle in.

So it's your new. Consciousness your new reality and type what you experienced in the chat. NY says. I'm giggling ban says power seren says loved fully teered up and yawned perfect yawning is a great sign it means you're clearing.

Nancy says can't feel bad how about that now this is this is not a technique. I teach generally to the public uh in the sense of as a manifestation to. Kelly says peaceful. Julie says chills.

Simon. Says watching at half 1.5 speed. Shan. Sean says tinkling perfect exact exhilaration in every fiber of my being all right.

That's good eurogo says. I feel secure and sexy excellent these are all great things. Betty says electric right. Now think about what just happened and how long it took.

D deeper says my entire body vibrated in a steady beat yes. You've just performed. Alchemy you've just leveled up your vibration you've leveled up your. Consciousness and you did it by connecting all the different parts of your autonomic proceptive and cognitive conscious mind uh central nervous systems blinking all three of your energy bodies and you did it in a way that every part of you understands you tapped into the.

Synergy and the magic that is inherently what you are. Allan says it felt. So real it was real it was as real as this table jgen says calmness and. Clarity boom right.

Now some people might say well. So what well let's think about that for a moment how many people oh you hear a hissing perfect. Betty an if you're hearing hissing in your ears there's three types of of vibration that. I was taught to listen for one sounds like the like the sound of cicas like a thousand cicas that's your that's your physic that's the sound of your physical body.

Then there's one called um that's more like a w vom v that's your energy body and. Then there's one called the like war drum which is a a deeper. W it's like an mm kind of a thing that's your spirit body. So what happens is when you start integrating and harmonizing all these different levels right.

Everything starts to sync one of the reasons that you don't manifest the things you want is because one part of your system is sending out one frequency another part is vibrating at a different frequency a. Third part is vibrating at another frequency and they're they're a disharmonic to each other they're not aligned right. But each and every one of those vibrational layers has its own signature and it has its own set of effects that go with it when you do a process like this it literally forces all of you to become into alignment with a similar harmonic. So that what you're imagining is changing your body feelings which is changing your energy which is changing your spirit and the spirit it works from the spirit down and and the physical body up and out to the spirit.

So the energy synchronizing both ways right. I could. I could. I could spend four or five days just teaching you what's all the things that are going on in that one technique and you'll learn about those in in where we're going.

Next uh if you take advantage of it. But. I wanted you to have the experience because this is what you do before you begin to manifest anything let me say that two more times this is what you do before you begin the process of man man manifesting anything why how many of you. I asked a question earlier how many of you have ever heard of something called affirmations.

Joseph says it took. Longer. But. I got there yeah.

Simon says. I felt the infinite. Universe you sure did right. How many people here and again be honest how many people here wait usually wait until they're in a shitty mood to start start doing affirmations.

So they can feel better how many have ever notice that with the time they do the affirmations is when they're feeling crappy. Marco says vibrating orgasmic sensation along the entire spine particularly tense on the back of both knees tingling perfect excellent well done my headache is almost gone that's good that he says not anymore do it daily perfect you stumbled onto the key the key reason why most people don't get what they manifest you see what most people do is they decide what they want and they spend the vast majority of their time on their with their affirmations trying to get out of the crappy state they're in. So 80 90% of the work that you're doing is just to change your state. So let me ask you a very simple physics question do lower vibrational.

States dominate higher vibrational. States or do higher vibrational. States tend to pull in and train lower vibrational. States it's not a trick question just answer the higher ones rule right.

Higher ones rule lower. So what's a better. State boredom or orgasm sadness or. Joy playfulness and pleasure or pain and suffering now it's obvious right.

But here's the thing if we're trying to manifest in a state of want and neediness and pity and all that crap we have to overcome that vibrational signature just. So we can be in harmony with the things we want. So we need to exert. State.

Control. First we need to become the thing we're seeking to attract. I want more joy and abundance. I.

I need to feel grateful for the joy and abundance that. I have. I need to be able to generate an. AB a grateful state or an abundant.

State how do we do that you find memories of when you had it and you write them down and you relive them over and over and over again that activates a whole sequence of neurological. Transformations and and brain part brain regions that change your state and. Prime you from the inside out now when you begin to do your imaginative exercise now you're lining up your physical body your energy body your spirit body and you're sending out into the universe a frequency that's going to pull in similar experiences similar people similar situations and perceptions okay. When you grab that energy you take it out and now now you start manipulating it you are literally telling your nervous system make this into this and.

Then when you pass it through you're sending more information and giving your nervous system even deeper instructions. But you're not just giving it to your physical nervous system you're giving it to your energy body and your spirit body ultimately to the soul and that everything aligns that's why you a lot of you were tingly you were breaking out into sweat because the you you're playing with the electromagnetic field and all the other subar fields that those interact with to change your vibrational signature okay. It didn't take long did it because here's the best part you've got the list right. True or not true did that list disappear at the end of this exercise the answer should be no.

Because if it did. I'm coming to your seminar which means anytime you need to all you got to do is whip out list and do that process. I promise you life will get better okay. Why because you're different now see people who don't really understand manifestation they go around trying to change everything outside of themselves when the real magic comes when you change yourself when you change your.

Consciousness and you change your frequency and assuming you have the skill sets necessary to manifest the thing you want you you'll find the. PATH does that make sense okay. Has this been helpful eurogo says is there a good reason to do this at night before bed yes. And no.

You can do a variation of this before you go to bed. But unless you want to have be supercharged and hyper you might want to do a different manifestation you might want to remember times in your life when you had the best sleep ever and pass that through you. So you're primed and ready to go into that state remember when you're doing this exercise you're doing this exercise it's important to understand where are you going to be applying this right. If um if.

I need to go into a very intense negotiation what what positive. State can. I go into that's going to give me the biggest advantage in that context right. My belief eurogo is if you did what we just did before you went to bed you might have a little bit of trouble falling asleep or might have very interesting dreams right.

But if you did something like times you were ready to go to bed and you had the best the best sleep ever and you pass that through your body right. Then you're going to have you're going to be able to use it for sleep now you can do variations of this as you're falling asleep and that that takes advantage of naturally occurring trans. States uh that your brain will continue to practice and and focus on throughout the night all right. You guys want more yes.

Or yes. Type it in the chat all right. So. I promised you.

I would give you some experiences. I would take you as far as. I can down this rabbit hole in the time that we have and. I've barely scratched the surface.

But think you you've had an experience now. I'm going to teach you. I'm going to show you how to get access to our complete system the the program and training we put together and if you're ready to take that. Next level remember there's two things you got to do you gotta you got to have an identity that supports it which means in your mind heart and soul you're ready for it and two you've got to be willing to take the actions you've got to be willing to do the things necessary to become the person who deserve to have that and that is always going to come down to how you take action.

So that being said with your permission. I'd like to share with you a program a set of programs really that. I put together um called. The.

Hidden. Laws of. Attraction ultr manifestation. Mastery home study course now the program that the technique.

I just. Shar with you is just a very small part of the overall manifestation and transformation systems that you're going to be learning in this program uh and it's all about unleashing your full power and your full potential it's about manifesting wealth how to align with the vibration of abundance to attract the wealth and prosperity uh into your life how to attract opportunities and use the power of luck to pull people places and events that lead to success in life love and in your professional life it's about building powerful fulfilling relationships that will you if you're tired of dating the same person with a different face this is what you want to understand this is what you want to learn about okay. We're going to deepen the bonds with aligned uplifting individuals people who support and see you for who you are and appreciate you as a cl to judging you and making you feel less than or other because they don't see the you the way you want you want them to see you we're going to teach you how to inspire change in yourself and everyone around you one of the things that's really really important that. I wantan to.

I want to really emphasize to all of you is all right. I'm gonna be very up front one of the most traumatizing uh triggering classes. I ever took. Was a class on manifestation why because in order to be somebody who can manif the change you've got to get rid of crap okay.

We're going to cover that in part three of tonight's webinar we're going to show you how to find the beliefs you know about and the beliefs you don't and what to do about them. But this is one of the important things you need to surround yourself with people who are like you people who support you who have the same values and beliefs who affirm the person you truly are aspiring to be right. And that's one of the most challenging parts of walking a spiritual journey or walking the path of manifestation is that to get the things you want many times you have to give up the old versions of yourself and people around you who got used to the old you they're not going to like it okay. If you want to radiate more confidence command attention effortlessly in any situation and have that head turning kind of effect on people you might want to pay attention to everything.

I'm about to share with you if you're ready to break barriers to your inner power and become more. Unstoppable ultimately become more magnetic to draw the success and the people who give you the life you want the way you want and and manifest irresistible energy. I want you to keep paying attention to everything that we're about to talk about now this offer is good uh tonight. January 16 2025 until 11:59 p.m. and here's what we got.

First of all we're going to talk about the hidden laws of of of. Attraction ultimate manifestation. Mastery home study course this is a program that will teach you how to systematically integrate the different levels of your neurology psychology. Mind.

Body. Soul and energy to tap into the power of your subconscious other than conscious mind to quickly manifest just about anything you desire using the techniques and the concepts in this program. I have manifested things that are patently uh. Impossible by most people's standards based on the context of the situation.

I have literally warped the laws of physics with. Witnesses um and many of my students have done the same thing it's. I'm not. I'm not special it's it's the process it's the mechanics it's understanding you don't got to believe you just got to do right.

I'm going to teach you how to become. Ultramagnetic to money in abundance how to influence people both uh in the same room and remotely how to find and remove the hidden negativity that's blocking your manifestation that's keeping you stuck that's keeping you seeing yourself in that same old limited version of yourself that society and education and well-meaning family members as well as all the narcissistic a-holes in the world program into you without your knowledge without your consent we're going to show you how to find it get rid of it and level up everything about your life we're going to teach you how to clear up issues that just don't seem to go away if you ever had an issue that you thought you dealt with it and all of a sudden you're out in the field and something random happened and that comes back we're going to teach you in a very clear simple step-by-step manner how to make sure that doesn't come back okay. We're going to teach you a powerful new. Yin information method this is our particular neural linguistically empowered approach to creating affirmations that your nervous system must actually act on it goes beyond just repeating the same thing over and over and over again your structure has a has your thoughts have a structure your brain has ways that it creates and gives you access to certain things and ways that it blocks access to things one of the things you're going to learn about in this program is this concept of values and this concept concept of cause and effect and complex equivalence these are phenomena in your nervous system that decide what you can access and what you can't.

So for example if. I were to say something like every day and every way. I'm getting better and better and better okay. That's a classic time- tested affirmation takes forever to start feeling an effect.

But if you change the structure of those words you do them in a slightly different sequence and add one word or one phrase your nervous system bypasses its blocks to getting it opens up access to resources and starts generating a reason for why you can have it instead of pushing up all the reasons why you can't it's just a simple change in the wording that you use for your affirmations that unlocks massive amounts of transformation and possibility and energy right. If you like the pro the process we just did a few minutes ago take that add this to it and you have a hole that's greater than the some of the parts it just keeps getting stronger and stronger and stronger okay. We're going to teach you how to delete the negativity and vibrational imprints from your past things that are in your spirit body things that are in your energy body things that are locked at the different levels of your conscious mind uh and we're going to show you how to transform those things drain the energy from them and actually turn them into something you want instead okay. Every negative thing that you're carrying around has a has a charge to it that charge the vibration of it can be stepped up it can be stepped down and you can take energy locked in negative events negative imprints extract that energy and funnel it into something positive and amplify the good things in your life think for a moment what would happen if that pleasure you just experienced a few moments ago got 10x or doubled some people can't 10x them.

But they can double it well would that be like we can show you how to do that we can show you how to take that energy put it into a manifestation process and use it as fuel okay. We can install the traits qualities and characteristics of naturally lucky people. I gave you the. First two at the beginning of the webinar identity and action this is something that that creates pretty much all the others right.

Now there are people out there who take action and who have an identity that supports things that are not lucky they just work really hard being lucky means you don't have to necessarily work hard right. You can manifest anything if you're willing to work hard enough and. I'm not and. I'm not downplaying that you should be willing to work hard enough in fact the willingness to work hard is one of the key principles in pulling your manifestations into reality.

But what's interesting is the more willing you are to work hard when it's necessary many times the less often you need to it's a very interesting. Paradox. But when it comes to manifestation it's often how it starts okay. We're going to give you the most powerful transformation engine.

I have discovered for. L linear intentional manifestation this is called image cycling it's something. I learned uh was inspired by the work of. Dr.

Bill. Bankston and as far as. I'm concerned it has it was when. I learned it and has still be and it still continues to be one of the most powerful engines of personal transformation and manifestation.

I have ever discovered it has become an integral part of many of my more advanced energetic manifestation and even mystical practices okay. In fact what. I've discovered as. I've gone through these various other classical ancient trainings is.

I've seen variations of this image cycling process keeps popping up. So the. Ancients knew about this this principle they just didn't teach it at least not to the the general public and there's. So much more there's a whole lot behind this this particular program.

U total value on this is 1,997. But. I've decided to give you the biggest bang for your buck that. I can because.

I want. I want to make your your 20 remember. New. Year's is about.

New. Beginnings it's about new. Transformations it's about becoming the person you desire to be in the fastest most powerful way possible and. So.

I want to make sure that this is the most comprehensive program that it can be. So. I've. I've taken the liberty of adding a few free bonuses that are going to take this information and just accelerate all of your progress and make things even more easier more well-rounded uh to cover any situation that comes up.

So if you act right. Now and you click the links that show up shortly uh you're going to receive some very special fast act some very special bonuses we're going to start with one of the most powerful one of the most powerful energy trainings. I've ever released to the public this is vibrational influence. United.

Kingdom special edition normally our vibrational influence classes are three days long and we teach remote viewing and we teach remote influence um and we teach all different five hermetic principles and um few years back. I went to. England and because. I was going to.

England. I decided. I was. I wasn't going to travel to.

England for just three days. So. I decided to kind of open up my little bag of special. David ideas and tricks and and techniques and.

I taught full two full days of extra information okay. I obiously. I taught how to unlock the secret powers of your neurology. I taught a system called the the.

Coogi in and coji. Ki which is if you've ever watched those old ninja movies and you or or. U. Dragon.

Ball. Z and you see them putting their fingers together and saying mantras and mudras and things like that well that's actually real and there's a whole system of metaphysics and manifestation protection and healing connected to those hand symbols and. I spent the. Last 30 years of my life reverse engineering refining and honing that and in this course.

I actually taught uh most of that system. So when it's part of the system you're going to get the entire. Coogi in process based on my understanding at the time you're going to get the color breathing process the image cycling process where you can literally change the texture frequency and vibration of fluids um you'll learn about uh sound work. I think in this one.

I teach actually how to project sounds to make people stronger or weaker uh learning how to manifest that you'll gain control of your own mind and body in ways you've only read about or seen in fiction books you'll unlock your unlimited potential in more ways than one in a way that you can progressively um measure what you're doing you can calibrate and create phenomena on the spot you're going to psychically and energetically uh protect yourself under any situation or circumstances um you're going to learn about how to heal yourself and others we we actually gave raiki attunements uh during this in fact there was. I think it was this course there was a guy sitting in the in the audience and. I just summoned a court of raiki energy and. I.

I brought it down through his through his crown and he just started twitching and and and vibrating in the chair it was really uh one of he was very sensitive. But uh we'll teach you how to clear chakras and master your own energy. Fields we'll teach you how to clear other people's chakras and energy. Fields how to measure their chakras spin rotation whole nine yards and how to exponentially increase your psychic skills and much much more and if.

I'm not mistaken. I think this course still has it one of my students out in uh in the. UK was one of the leading teachers of dowsing and. I had her teach a special breakout session.

So for those of you uh who are interested in dowsing and using uh tools like that scrying things of that nature she taught a little breakout during this class on scrying. So you'll learn how to do that. I did not teach that that segment. But.

I think it's in here. So it's two full days of extra bonus material it's $2,497 value. But we're going to give this to you absolutely free because we want you to have the full spect says it's in there right. Um it's a $2,497 value we're going to give this to you free because we want you to see the.

Matrix okay. Hidden. Laws of. Attraction is all about the techniques of manifestation.

But there's manifestation takes many many forms and. I want to give you a broad. Buffet if you will of different things that you can explore that you can measure and put into action right. Away okay.

A lot of it is going to be alchemical in nature and that you're going to have to clear up your okay. And that's what we're going to talk about in part three of the webinar is we're going to show you some ways to start uh really cleaning up the system and really fine-tuning it right. Total value of if you if you combine this bonus with uh the 1997 for hidden laws uh is $4,495 value. But we're not done yet there's actually more things that.

I want to give you. U as a byproduct of this training right. The other thing oops sorry um. I have this my.

Mouse has a hair trigger act right. Now click the link when it becomes available and you're also going to get vibrational healing now this is a variation of our hermetic skills training that focuses almost exclusively on energetic vibrational and remote healing this takes the trainings from my pronic healing system from the. Bankston. Energy.

System from my raiki training from. Huna from the cabala and it teaches the medical. Chiang models things of that nature and it teaches you what. I call the full the the full model of all energy healing disciplines all energy healing disciplines can fall into one of four or five basic categories you have what.

I call the channeling model which is um where you're basically tapping into. God and and allowing that energy to work through you and guide you you have the surgical model which is more like chronic healing where you're taking energy from one place moving to another. But you're you're doing it much more intentionally much like a surgeon does and you have the. Chiang model which.

I lovly call the duracel model where you're building this this massive charge of energy in your three bodies and. Then using that for healing each and cabalistic healing is where you're bringing it right. From. Source right.

Into the person um. DNA. Theta healing is where you're literally taking the person's. Spirit bringing it up to.

Divine uh requesting and intending a healing and. Watching. God physically do the healing. So there's there's different approaches to energy healing they all result in healing.

But some of them are better at certain types of issues than others when we look. At like the bangston model of energy healing bangston system works amazing well on cancers it works amazingly well on any form of inflammation based um inflammation based issues right. But it it doesn't stop there by any stretch of imagination. But you see the full spectrum of all these different energy healing practices and you learn how to do them.

So that when you're working with somebody you have the right. Tool for the right. Job remember there's an old saying for somebody who only has a hammer everything looks like a nail well unfortunately it's not it's it's it's true enough to be true all of these systems can have have worked in different areas. But some work better than others and you'll by understanding that full spectrum of energetics you'll be able to make a better choice as to what to use okay.

So you're going to learn how to use this to find of energetic blocks to health wealth happiness and success that you didn't even know you had how to become a master of energy healing and manifestation how to heal people remotely. I'll show you four or five different ways to do remote healing on people how to find and remove the hidden negativity and energy blockages that your clients didn't know they had right. Uh powerful new energy control methods for programming your mind and energy bodies to empower you for healing and manifestation get. Max maximum results and minimum time how to remove the negativity from your past the stuff and and actually move that energy into your positive memory.

So that when you look. Back on the past you remember it in ways that only make your life better discover the most powerful engines of personal transformation that. I've ever come across and. I've tested a lot of them we're going to give this to you because again a lot of you are healers a lot of you have see clients and want to to heal yourself and.

Then ultimately you want to take that and and use it to make the world a better place this is the path for you okay. Vibrational healing unlock your true healing abilities faster than you ever thought possible it's a $2,497 value we're going to give this to you free why because we want you to change the world starting with yourself it's really that simple right. You guys do me no. Good failing.

So. I'm going to do everything. I can to load the deck and stack the deck in your favor to give you every possible advantage that. I can total combined value on this if you were to do the math which.

I know. Seth is probably eagerly doing the math as we speak is 6,991 if you would want to buy them individually which uh some of these you can some of them you can't we're also going to include to make sure that you have the skills to transform your identity to move energy from where it is to where you need it to be we're going to give you this very powerful program called secrets of. Personality transformation home study course this is a program that is designed purely to teach you how to do integrative. NLP energetic hypnosis on yourself by yourself for for yourself it's going to teach you how to systematically reprogram your subconscious mind at will how to remove blocks and limiting beliefs to ones you know about and ones you don't it's going to teach you how to find and remove the hidden negativity that's holding you back and remove the reasons why your nervous system won't let go of it if you have something that goes away and keeps coming back that is going to teach you how to systematically get rid of it once and for all we're going to clear up issues that just don't seem to go away change that crap happy voice inside your head to one that turns becomes your own personal coach motivator.

Confidant um support system right. And in case you're wondering what. I mean when. I say that crappy voice in your head it's that voice inside your head that just said what voice right.

We're going to teach you to resolve negativity from your past transfer that energy into your positive memor. So that all your good memories get stronger and all your your bad memories are less than positive memories dissolve completely or get completely weak and impotent. So that they can never affect you again and. Then.

Finally one of the coolest things is once you understand the five characteristics or six characteristics of lucky people you can use this program to install the traits qualities and characteristics of naturally lucky people. So that you can embody those skills that you can embody those traits you can see the world through the eyes. Of a naturally lucky person and if you stack the energetic and spiritual practices that we're going to teach you in these programs that luck factor that probability field that you develop around you is going to get exponentially consistently larger and larger and larger okay. It's a $2,497 value and we're going to give this to you 100% free when you click that link and grab your your your secrets of org um yeah.

Secrets organ. I was talking about one of my other programs uh hidden. Laws of. Attraction.

Ultram manifestation home study course super package okay. Total combined value on this is 9,4 $88 okay. Fourth bonus and this is where people say oh he's got more yeah because a lot of you are looking for. Mr or.

Mrs. Right. True or not true you're tired of dating the same person with a different face you're tired of manifesting you're tired of manifesting the same patterns to your relationships um and one of the ways that you know that this is probably the right. Course for you if you said yes.

To anything. I've just described um this is a course you absolutely need. Moss this is a very this this course has a very special place in. Moss's heart because he learned.

So much about himself in this process the problem that we have is we a lot of us go through the world really thinking we have a type and we do actually we have a type that we're conscious of and a type that we're not conscious of soulmate. Secrets is all about understanding what truly fulfills you in life and in the ideal partner it explodes the myths that many people have about soulmates twin flames uh. Soul groups you've ever heard any of those terms um depending on what tradition you're pulling from they mean different things okay. So we gonna we're going to pull back the curtain on all that and.

Then we're going to lead you systematically through one process after another that allows you to identify all all the sticking points in yourself and all the baggage you have with relationships we're going to identify and clarify your needs and values and how in the specific checklists that you have. So that you know you're getting what you want and we're going to start to reprogram your subconscious mind to become magnetic and strategic in attracting those kinds of people okay. So. I like to think of this as spiritual inner game for those seeking their best life filled with love okay.

And the reason that. I say that is because this is all about the templates and the value systems and the techniques necessary to figure out what truly fulfills you based on your past based on your value system uh and becoming less and less needy. So you're going to learn about how to communicate in relationships you're going to learn about. Love.

Languages you're going to learn about attachment. Styles you're going to learn about how to put all these things into a profile that a represents you and your ideal partner and. So that when you go to you know dating applications and things like that you now have a very very clearly defined set of parameters for what you need to be fast happy satisfied and fulfilled in a relationship now. I said a relationship right.

I didn't say a one night stand although remember this it's important very controversial. But still true all short all long-term relationships started as short-term relationships all short-term relationships started off as a date right. So there's a process that we have to go through. But if you're tired of dating the same people who exhibit the same behaviors over and over again that leave you frustrated feeling abused beat up unfulfilled unrecognized unseen unheard this is a course that.

I highly highly recommend because not only will it tell you about yourself and your ideal partner it will give you the exact information that you need to know where to look. To know where to look. It's a $1,997 value if anybody uh has been through the soulmate secrets and you want to add something in the chat that won't distract people by all means tell them your experience with this stuff okay. It's a $1,997 value we're going to give this to you free right.

Because hey this is all about manifesting and when it comes to manifesting it's all about money and love money love and health pretty much everything just. Stills down to one of those right. Total value on this is $1,485 now what's really cool is um this is going to give you what. I like to call the inner game of manifestation for specifically where love and attraction are concerned okay.

So let's review what the big package is. So you can decide to get to click the link and get yours right. Now okay. Um we're going to give you the hidden.

Laws of. Attraction ultr manifestation. Mastery home study course valued at $1,997 we're going to bonus in absolutely free the vibrational influence. UK.

United. Kingdom special edition 5-day vibrational influence home study course $2,497 value we're going to bonus you absolutely free the vibrational healing 2021 program valued at $2,497 we're going to give you the secrets of. Personality transformation home study course. Val at $2,497 and for those of you who are looking for love in all the wrong places uh looking for love and too many faces searching for eyes.

And looking for traces go ahead we're going to include that hidden. Law of. Attraction soulmate. Secrets master class.

So you know exactly what to manifest and how to do it. So $1,997 value total value on this if you were to buy them individually on the website today is $1,485. But we're not going to stop there okay. Today.

I want you to get the best deal possible it's. January it's time for those. New. Year's resolutions it's time to make 2025 best year ever it's time to reinvent yourself and get on the fast track to getting everything you want and the the answer part due is yes.

There is a money back guarantee um. So you're not going to have to pay $1,485. We're. Not.

Gonna if. I took. $2,000 off would that be cool well. I'm not going to do that right.

Oops there we go how about if. I dropped another $3,000 off now we're five if. I took. A total of $5,000 off this package would it be a good deal it's a big savings right.

What if. I took. $7,000 off would that be a good deal to get all of this for $4,499. Okay.

Cool. So what if. I dropped it down to $24.97 would that be a good deal well you know what let's cut to the chase as they say in the military. Bluff it for me for those of you who are ready to make a change who are ready to take action who are ready to embody and become the person who deserves to have the things they want this course isn't for everybody guys it's only for the people who are tired of what they've been doing who want to move forward and be the best version of themselves to live the life of love happiness success fulfillment they truly want and deserve you can get it all for one low installment of just 797 all you've got to do now is go to the this website www.lpower.com h a oh sorry oops that didn't work sorry about that hold on a.

Second my. I jumped out on my. PowerPoint. I gotta adjust the mouse setting on this thing.

So. I'm not jumping all over the place okay. So once again go to. NLP power.com hloa click that link right.

Now because. I'm actually got some other things. I want to talk to you about uh and. I want you to go ahead and get this out of the way.

So go ahead click that link www.lpower.com hloa. So the question was asked is there a money back guarantee well as a matter of fact there is after you click the link and you got access to your program. I. I'm going to give you 60 days to to pressure test this puppy dive as far down the rabbit hole as you can.

I'm going to recommend you start with secrets of. Personality transformation. Then go to. Hidden laws and.

Then work with. Vibe. UK and. Then.

Vibe healing that would be the optimal order. I think you should progress uh. But you can start with hidden laws and just work through the sequence you saw test this out for a full 60 days if after 60 days you're not on the fast track to manifesting more money and finding the love that you one and attracting more success by your standards and your definitions right. If you're not on the fast track to manifesting the life of your dream feeling more secure confident and.

Powerful if you're not making more wins and enjoying more of what you truly want in life. I will refund every dime you've invested in this program okay. And if you want to pay more. Clowny.

I'm okay. With that. But you only got to pay se you only need to invest 797 today pressure test it put it through the paces follow the instructions nany's in awesome um and if after if within that 60-day period if you call us let us know you're having trouble and we'll help you through it if after 60 days it's still not working for you. I'll refund every every sent you invested why because.

I don't. I don't want you to risk anything right. But you've got to invest in yourself this isn't about me. I'm here for you guys these these things have changed the course of my life they have healed people.

I love they have saved the lives of countless other people who've had terminal and chronic illnesses not just from me. But from people who learn these techniques and applied them okay. So just click this link right. Here go to www.npower.com hloa and if you have questions reach out to.

Moss or. Mia and they will be happy to answer any questions that you have now if if you happen to have been purchased some of our products or webinar offers in the past and you have some of these courses already call the call or email moss and. Mia let them know and we'll let you substitute a program of equal or lesser value. So you can have a package that's customized to you without having to duplicate or buy duplicates of stuff you've already got right.

It's really easy all you got to do is reach out to us and let us know. So again this is all good until 11:59 p.m. tonight. January 16th 2025 now. I'm going to tell you.

I'm going to let you guys in on a little secret. I'm one of the best hypnotists in the world. I know. I'm ranked as the number one.

NLP trainer. But one of the reasons. I'm. So good at.

NLP is because. I'm an amazing hypnotist and here's one of the things. I learned many many years ago something you should write down the behavior that gets rewarded gets repeated the behavior gets repeated gets reinforced and. So.

I want you guys to be the naturally lucky people in the world. I want you to be the ones who attract more success wealth and abundance you know the. Special. Air.

Service uh in the. United. Kingdom has a uh has a saying he who dares wins means he who goes for it wins. So for those of you who click that link right.

Now are ready to go for it. I'm going to include these special fast action bonuses just for you just to say thank you for stepping up and doing the thing that is in your own best interest. I'm going to give you a three-month trial membership to our. NLP power.

Mastermind mentoring. Practice. Group this is a program. I've been running for over 14 almost 14 years now we started in.

October of 2010 okay. And we've been running it every month since. Then okay. We videotaped all of those trainings and it covers everything from law of attraction to trauma resolution dating um manifestation marketing uh psychic skills energy development.

NLP hypnotherapy you name it we teach it if it's something you want to know about if it's something you want to practice this is your chance to do it and that's exactly what we created this program for this is not something that's going to give you a certificate this is for something this is for people who have a very specific set of skills that they want to drill down on and get really really good at and um we're going to give you three months to come in and and drill down on the exact processes that you want to have. So. I'm. G to jump out on my video.

I'm gonna jump out on my. PowerPoint really quick just to look. You guys in the face. So one of the things.

I love about the. NLP power. Mastermind mentoring program and the way we do it we meet on the. Second or.

Third. Saturday of every month people zoom in personally or they they show up at our location when we do when we open the house and. I literally go around and. I say.

Seth what do you want to learn. Liam what do you want to learn do what do you want to learn. Joseph what do you want to learn. Clowny what do you want to learn right.

And. I and. I write deeper what do you want to learn and. I write the things they want to learn on the board and.

I look. At what they've written down and. I see where they all cross and interconnect and. I use that and.

I create a lesson plan on the spot that's going to check all those boxes and for the. Next four to six hours we just drill and drill and drill and go through training after training after training. So you can do these skills effectively for yourself by yourself you can go out into the world and apply your skills directly okay. You won't get a certificate from the.

NLP power. Mastermind mentoring program what you will do is get something far more important and far more valuable you will get practice you will get feedback you will get the opportunity to hone and develop and master your skills on a practical functional level and you'll get to be surrounded by a community that wants the same things you want that supports you is there for you and helps to to encourage and inspire you to become the person you truly want to be. I love the community that we've created and if you want to manifest one of the most powerful things you need to understand is that you will manifest things in accordance with the people you surround yourself with. So if you surround yourself with people who are on the fast track to becoming the best versions of themsel guess what happens to you you're not a person can be strong.

But they're not stronger than the community they surround themselves with you have to intentionally take charge of that and. The. Mastermind mentoring program. Planet.

David our. YouTube family that's how you do it okay. Tremendous tremendous value in that plus we videotaped every single training we've done since 2010 and as a uh member of the. NLP power.

Mastermind mentoring program you get complete access to that entire video archive hundreds of hours of video that we've never released on. YouTube. Never released in a product haven't released in an ebook. Okay.

Um because it's member driven everything is every class is different and it's not linear. So you got to understand it it's a group-driven process it's what you want to learn and. I'm teaching it to you right. So you can bend watch stuff that's never seen the light of day on.

YouTube where. I pull back the curtain on things that. I only rever reserve for my high level students things of that nature um and. So that's what it's about it's a $1,597 value we're going to give it to you absolutely free you get to try it out for 90 days if after 90 days you love the people you love what you're learning you want to keep drilling down and and building on the skill sets you've got we'll show you how to extend your membership if after 90 days you decide you know what.

I got what. I needed. I think. I'm good no.

Harm no. Foul we'll remove you from the program you go off into the world and when you need us you know where to find us right. It's that simple right. We do this because one of the big things.

I see. I. I taught hypnosis and. NLP for free for 10 years before.

I was ever willing to certify another human being the reason. I wasn't willing to certify another human being was because. I was teaching for free and. I saw the product of every other hypnosis and.

NLP certifying organization in the world at that time and what. I discovered was kind of disappointing is that most of the people who were going to these trainings they were coming out certified and unable to do anything and. I made it my life's mission to make sure that. I was only going to give people skills that they could actually apply and that's why this program came about to make sure that people who learn our materials either by proxy or in person have a place to go to amplify and build and collaborate and just get better to build the life they want the way that they want it's one of the most gratifying things.

I've ever done. I'm proud of it and. I want you to be part of that family. So if having being surrounded by a community of people that love you and and support you and want to help you become the best version of yourself you're looking for a place to practice and get feedback from me my advantage student stuff like that.

I highly encourage you to go ahead and click that link right. Now. So you can be one of the. Next few people to get access to the.

NLP power. Mastermind mentoring program it's a $1,597 value we're going to give this to you we're going to bundle it with your system free just because we want you to make we want to make sure you have all the tools that you need total combined value on this is $1 side of the soulmate. Secrets equation okay. In soulmate secrets we taught you about all the inner game things you need to know and understand how to know what your values are for.

Life what your values are for a mate what the qualities characteristics and behaviors a person needs to generate to give you the most fulfilling um experience with a with a partner attraction. Mastery is the other side of that coin it's it's a a co-ed program taught to men and women that teaches you the physical techniques necessary to identify meet attract and create a relationship of ever increasing attraction connection and fulfillment with the people of your choice it's going to teach you how to approach how to signal approachability how to overcome your fear of being approached how to how to uh profile people. So you know if there are people who are going to are on the narcissistic. Spectrum who are going to tell you things you don't want to hear or tell you things you want to hear.

So that you'll give them the things you that they want from you we're going to teach you how to open people up how to meet people and deep bu lasting connection with people that border on love in as little as 20 minutes okay. Everything in here is proven we have the science that validates it we have the field experience that supports it men and women both want the same things the problem is they want them in a different order and they want they use different words to describe them and if you don't understand what the body language and the meaning connected to those body language cues uh as being generated by the other side you're going to continually mistranslate what you think is happening we're going to pull back the curtain and show you the hidden language of. Attraction dating mating and relating that men and women use and why it why they using your own perspective to interpret other people's behaviors is a is a recipe for failure. So that you can speak your partner's language in a way that they recognize what you're trying to communicate okay.

We'll teach you step by step how to go from complete stranger to deep level emotional intimacy and the physical body language cues that let you know when you're progressing to the stages where physical intimacy now becomes practically inevitable okay. It's a very complete system it's designed it was designed for it to to give you the the the the real world tactical communication attraction and and skills necessary to me to create relationships and manage them. But it presupposes you actually know what you want and what you're looking for which is what soulmate. Secrets this is the bonus.

I talked about earlier is really all about. So when you have attraction. Mastery and soulmate secrets you have both sides of that equation you have the way to figure out exactly what's going to be the most fulfilling for you and. Then you have the exact tools and techniques and tactics that allow you to actually meet those people generate attraction and move people through the attraction and escalation process okay.

Okay. Um this is what we got for you it's a $2,497 value we're going to give this to you free as part of your. Second fast action bonus okay. Total value on this if you did the math is $1,763 day virtual healing.

Retreat this is an online. VIP ticket where you and a a small group of people are going to get in a zoom room with me and for three days. I'm. G to run you through.

I'm. G to run you through healing process after healing process after healing process. I'm going to teach you the transformational. Triad.

I'm going to teach you how to create bucket list. So you can systematically remove all the blocks to your success all the limiting beliefs all the traumas that you've accumulated we're going to show you how to and. I'm and you're not going to have to do it yourself that's the best part. I'm going to be doing it with you.

I'm going to be guiding you as your teacher your therapist your coach through this process this is not a certification class this is you and me in a room fixing your for three solid days okay. We're going to teach you how to eliminate self-sabotage we're going to teach you how to heal your physical and emotional pain we're going to remove blocks to your success and limiting beliefs we're going to clear up and resolve issues from the past that go away and come back okay. We're going to change that negative voice in your head. So that it builds you up instead of.

Tears you down okay. We're going to resolve negativity from your past get in touch with your true self explore all of your needs and values and desires you're. GNA come out you're. G to go into this class or into this program one way and you're going to come out you're going to come in a caterpillar you're going to go out of butterfly you're.

G to burn up and. Rise. From the. Ashes.

Like a. Phoenix this is me p. P out all the stops you see one of the challenges that we have is that when. I'm teaching people to be practitioners.

I have to teach them a version of my techniques that they can replicate that are very powerful that they can do anywhere anytime any place this class. I don't have to limit myself to the basics. I can just unload all of my healing skills on you for your benefit guide you through process after process after process. So that we get the biggest ount of transformation in the shortest amount of time possible total package value on this is $2,497 ladies and gentlemen.

I'm gon to bonus this to you 100% free because. I want to help you clear up the shift you didn't even know you had you don't even have to do it yourself anymore grab your you know click the link grab your ticket it's for the. Next 15 people only because. I.

I. I have to limit how many people. I can work with to make sure you all get the attention you need right. Click that link right.

Now sign up for get your. VIP ticket and. I'll help you fast track your success. So 13,572 in total value okay.

So let's just review what we've got click that link right. Now and you're going to get the hidden. Laws of. Attraction.

Ultra manifestation. Mastery home study course. VI it at $1,997 you're going to get this the vibrational influence. United.

Kingdom special edition uh energy and hermetic skills training $2,497 value we're going to give that to you absolutely free you're. G to get the vibrational healing home study course it's amazing program it's $2,497 value we're going to give that to you free you're going to get the secrets of. Personality transformation integrative hypnotherapy and energetics home study course di at $2,497. Value we're going to give that to you absolutely free you're get at the hidden.

Laws of. Attraction soulmate secrets. Master. Class value at $1,997.

Value we're going to give that to you free too now little note about the fast action bonuses the fast action bonuses are only good while. I'm on tonight's webinar in other words when. I log off the webinar all these bonuses when. I log off tonight's webinar these go away you can if you if you click the link before 11:59 p.m. you can get these.

But you can only get these if you click that link right. Now while. I'm on the webinar when. I log off this goes away okay.

I just want to be very transparent about that there's a reason that we call it fast action bonuses okay. Total value on this new year new life 2025 you get it all for one low investment of 797 for those of you who might be struggling a little bit or who need a little help you can also break that down into three easy installments of just 3.97 each okay. All you got to do to get yours right. Now is click that link in your in your chat right.

There www.lpower.com hloa click the link right. Now before it goes away www.lpower.com. SL h a okay. Let me go ahead and close that and.

I'm going to erase my little circly thingies here uh there's an eraser somewhere we go. I hate leaving marks on my my. PowerPoint all right. So here's what's gonna happen.

I'm gonna give you guys five minutes or actually we're going to give you guys seven or eight minutes to go ahead and finalize your order click clicking those links when we come back we're going to go into uh how to find the blocks to your success you didn't know you had and how to remove them that's where we're going. Next. So. I will see you at 615 with bells on in the meantime click those links get your programs and let's make um 2025 your best year ever let's reinvent ourselves in a way that just gets better with each passing day week and month.

I'm excited for you guys. I can't wait to work with you go ahead and click those links right. Now. I'll see you in seven minutes e e e e e e e e e okay.

I'm back from my my break a few minutes early if you guys got any questions. I'm happy to answer type it in the chat really quick um and. I'll answer what we can before we move on to the. Next part of our training right.

Like. I said there's there's everything we're doing is coming comes with a no-risk 60-day guarantee if it doesn't if if you start applying these things and they're not they're not transforming you or changing the way you want want give it 60 days we'll refund your money you got nothing to lose guys it's these transformation packages have never been this low ever and. I'm doing it because it's. New.

Year's right. Veterans if there's people asking questions go ahead and uh answer their questions. Betty an says thanks all signed up welcome aboard. Betty.

I saw. Nancy joined already uh. Ed says how to break fight or flight posture and breathing um that's the. First way to do it one of the things you need to understand when your body goes let me let me jump out of this really quick um.

Ed's asking a very interesting question how do you break fight. ORF flight. First and foremost you have to recognize you're going into it okay. The problem that we have with a lot of our emotional states is that we don't realize we've had it until we're in it.

So when you realize that your state is. Shifting you that's your window right. Then and there now there's two aspects to. State control that you'll learn about especially if you come to killer influence which is in.

Next week um you've been in it for more than a decade. Then it's. Pro are. Then okay.

So is are we dealing with uh some form of cptsd. Ed or are we dealing with are you in an environment that's not safe for you okay. So. Then what you're going to do is you if in your program you're going to want to start working with the transformational.

Triad you're probably going to want to either call us at the office or um focus on what we call the safe place induction in the secrets of. Personality transformation program one of the problems that we have with people who in constant statea fight or flight which is usually connected to. PTSD is a lot of. Vegas nerve uh stimulation the.

Vegas nerve is literally. Stu and. So um we can we can neutralize a lot of that okay. But if you have if you have to do it functionally out in the field the fastest way to do it is posture and breathing.

So when we teach. State. Control we divide it into two big categories you have what you do with your body and what you do with your mind and a lot of people when they teach about stay control a lot of the methods that they're trying to teach you to manage your state are cognitive. So for example in classical.

NLP you start people start talking about. State control the. First two things that pop up we talk about. State control is anchoring and switch patterns switch patterns where you take a picture of something that's bothering you and a picture of something that you want instead and you keep switching them back and forth until anytime the bad picture comes up it's immediately replaced by the good picture and that's supposed to change your state well here's the problem with that what if you don't realize you need to change it before you're in the situation right.

What if you're suddenly taken by surprise what if you're attacked right. You don't have time to swis the other thing you need to understand and why that functionally isn't the best approach is because the more fight or flight you experience the more in the more neurological arousal you're carrying the more your cognitive faculties and access to your. Co cognitive faculties shut down right. So we teach.

State control of very different way because we have to teach you what to do with your body and your breathing together before you can start to work with your mind literally like one of my one of my more colorful mentors used to say when the fight when when the feal matter hits the rotating oscillator your butt puckers up and your brains drop out. So you have to change posture you have to change breathing right. In other trainings and other webinars. I've guided you guys through some of our physiological.

State control training exercises where you literally assume the posture of happiness or confidence and. Then you hold that posture while trying to consciously be sad or constant or consciously be afraid and you can't do it why because your physiology controls your psychology for every psychoemotional state a human being can experience there is a corresponding posture or breathing pattern that allows that state to be facilitated if you can intentionally take control of the of the the the biggest piece which is your physiology and your breathing. Then your state your body can't go fully into that state or access it at all and once and if you hold that posture and breathing long enough you're caught you'll gain access to your cognitive abilities. But it doesn't work the other way if.

I'm in an environment that is neurologically arousing. I can't access my cognition to change uh my physiology it's it's it's it's it doesn't generalize both ways. So in many cases where somebody's having doing fight. ORF flight or having an anxiety attack or something like that we have to physiologically break that state the way that you do that is through uh posture and breathing work that's why.

I referenced. Dr. Amy. Cy's work because she did a lot of the science that supports the things we've been doing a lot more advanced stuff than she talks about in her research.

But she actually did the science. I've just been going by what it does to people in the field okay. Um. So.

Vince is saying fight or flight romboid rmo. I don't know what that means oh romboid can also you take a full breath as in tenant yeah. So. G.

Wilson is asking. David in the spirit of the. New. Year how would you apply identity by designed to get into really great shape from the perspective of some of you already learned oh okay.

First of all go into your gray room remove all the reasons you have for not working out all the the limiting beliefs and self and internal dialogue that you have for not doing it uh remove all the special specialized negativity connected to going and training create pictures for all the good things that that that uh training is going to do for you don't focus on the task itself. But the rewards color breath that put that into your pillars of power from there go in and change the dialog in your head. So that it's constantly telling you about all the amazing things you're going to experience as a byproduct of doing the training clean up all the negativity from your past drain the energy out of those negative memories trans transer them over into the positive memories put the your positive memories back in your timeline cycle through them install them in through the womb of. Eternity practice and.

Then take the people who in in the context of working out and being physically. Adept and and athletically fit you admire put them in your magic circle and do deep trans identification on them and. Then use your transformational. Triad to color breathe and build up the the desire to train and practice and enjoy it that's the whole seven stage sequence.

So everything. I'm saying. I learned from you. David where you talk about raising your arms active yeah if you actually one of the things you can do is if you if you just hold your arms out and you pull your shoulder blades together you'll feel your arms move that's actually one of the ways that we learn to punch harder in.

Systema is it telling you the good things it's going to do for you from the voice of authority yes. But it's actually kind of layered in there through each stage of the of the identity by. Design. Silo okay.

For those of you who don't know what. I'm talking about with the identity by. Design. Silo you'll learn it in your secrets of.

Personality transformation uh bonus package the whole s the whole. Silo is in there and you'll learn how to do the entire practice uh in under seven and a half minutes right. Take you longer to learn it. But once you once you know it you can do the whole thing.

Soup. To. Nuts in seven and a half minutes okay. Yeah uh working with your romboid is actually um a really important exercise thank you for that.

Vince um. So. Anyway you guys ready to to to learn some more stuff or not yes. Or yes.

Is. T harer would say. Okay. Edie did did what.

I say help you regarding uh the. PTSD and fighter flight stuff okay. Again posture and breathing safe place induction if you have identity by. Design you should have um and killer influence you should have the state control drills and you should have the you have.

IBD good okay. So. Then you have color breathing and you have safe place induction all you really need is a transformational. Triad um if you can point to where you feel it turn into color spin it the opposite direction you should be good okay.

If you need help uh call the office let us know we'll walk you through it all right. So let's talk about one of the big things. I opened. I opened today's training with is that you have two sets of beliefs beliefs you know about and beliefs you don't you have two kinds of thoughts thoughts you know about and thoughts you don't you have two kinds of feelings feelings you are aware of and you know about and feelings you don't now what's amazingly cool about beliefs and feelings and thoughts is that they're all made of the same stuff let me say that again the cool thing about thoughts and feelings and beliefs is that they're all made from the same stuff usually the same way okay.

So let's talk about that for a minute okay. Um. I'm going to go into my uh my one note here really quick and while. I look.

For this. SE actually. I want ident. I think.

I want identity for this oh here it is okay. I got this this this mouse wheel. I have is. I got this super hair trigger are you guys getting a lot out of tonight are you learning stuff is this helpful it's not helpful let me know because.

I'll. I'll make something else up all right. So let's go over here look. At this.

So we talked about identity as one of the most important uh aspects of success who are you what's your self-concept your life experiences your self-esteem your self-esteem goes to what you deserve your self-concept is about um who you came here to be right. Are you a victim are you a warrior are you a winner are you a loser you know are you a fat person are you a smoker these are all self-concepts right. And we need to to really have a self-concept that supports the person we want to be. So we can have the life we want to live okay.

But your thoughts your ideas your memories your fantasies your traumas and ultimately your beliefs what do they have in common they're all subjective experiences what does that and and. So what does that mean well what is. NLP it's the study of subjective. Human.

Experience now all of these are built from the same stuff the same way we call this the primary encoding system primary encoding system. So if. I. I often every now and.

Then. I. I play trick questions on my audience and. I'll ask them the question what are thoughts made out of and.

I get all kinds of really interesting answers right. Some people will say well thoughts are energy make that a little bigger thoughts are energy right. Or some people will say well no. Thoughts are chemicals right.

Or electricity you know um some say vibration and they're all that those things are all true except that they're wrong and and and the secret to what. I'm saying is when. I say functional. I need to set the reset the default settings on this functionally what are thoughts made of or maybe made from right.

Right. And the answer is very simple functional the core building blocks are visuals you know what. I'm just gonna do it here no. I'm not going to do it here.

I'll do it up here hold on a. Second come on there we go anesthetic. Factory and gustatory that my friends is functionally what your thoughts are made of when you have a thought you can only relate to it in terms of what you see what you hear what you feel what you smell and what you taste on a subjective level now each and every one of these channels of information contribute to the experiences going on inside your head well it's not really inside your head it seems like your head. But it's really all throughout your body okay.

So when. I talk about the primary this is this is a. David term you won't find this in an in an. NLP class this is.

David's term right. This is what your thoughts are made of and the. Beautiful. Thing is it your thoughts your your thoughts are made this way your ideas are made this way your memories are made this way your fantasies are made this way all of your traumas are made this way and.

So are your beliefs. So when we look. At this. I can change a belief by changing this now how do we do that well.

I'm glad you asked because that's kind of where we're going. Next now we're not necessarily going to focus specifically on beliefs. But what we are going look. At is how do we start to work in this primary encoding system.

So that we can start to use our autonomic nervous system and our central nervous systems more effectively to get the things we want how do we create a platform inside of us that allows us to manifest things okay. So uh let me go ahead and. So before we go any further we look. At beliefs even though your beliefs are all made from the same stuff they're also organized in a hierarchy the beliefs at the top of the pyramid influence the beliefs at the bottom.

But the beliefs at the bottom are made from the same stuff as the beliefs at the top they just have a different hierarchy. But the more. I can work up here the more these things are handled automatically now sometimes what happens is we have what. NLP likes to call a confusion of logical levels and here's and this can work positively or negatively um let me jump out of this.

So really quick how many of you when. I was talking about luck at the beginning of tonight's training when. I was talking about luck at the beginning of tonight's training how many of you self-identified is being lucky how many just by show of hands how many of you self-identified as being lucky if you didn't it's okay. If you go through the if you if you grab the package that.

I've. I've just shown you you'll wind up being lucky. But some of you said. I'm lucky you self-identified guess what that's a confusion of logical levels in a positive way what does that mean well let's think about it the six characteristics of lucky people or five characteristics of lucky people they self-identify as being lucky right.

They take action they are proactive in their action in taking action they are intentionally extroverted they are kind to themselves they are specifically vague okay. So. I'm going to repeat them again if you want to write them down you can they self-identify as being lucky they're act they proactive action takers they get off their ass and do stuff they're intentionally extroverted even if they're natural introverts they are kind to themselves and they are specifically vague. But here's the thing we need to understand those are not things they are those are things they do think about that for a moment when.

I self-identify as being lucky that's me taking on an identity or proclaiming. I am something right. I'm. I'm taking an action.

I'm engaging in a behavior and luck is something they have right. So the act of self-identifying is not an identity level belief it's a behavior being processed at an identity level in other words let me go back to my chart. So you can see what. I'm talking about everything.

I said that are the characteristics of lucky people on a. Second. I gotta. I might have to make this this bigger.

So. I get more choices with my markers okay. So. I said self-identifying is lucky is a behavior being intentionally proactive action taking that's a behavior being uh specifically vague that's a behavior being intentionally extroverted that's a behavior all of those are down here right.

Those are things they do. But when a person saysi am lucky they've taken all the things that happened down at this level and they move it up the hierarchy and. So all of a sudden all of their beliefs all of their values all their capabilities and the behaviors that go with them change and express itself in the environment. But technically speaking the phrase.

I am lucky is a confusion of logical levels we've confused in a positive way something we do with something we are right. Now how many how many therapists do we have in the room or do we have in on the on the call tonight okay. Liam says yo all right. So you'll you'll encounter people especially you see this a lot with smokers and people with weight issues uh where they'll say.

I'm. I'm a smoker. I've been smoking all my life and. I need you to make me quit well applying what we just learned what do we know smoking is not something you are you didn't come out of the womb smoking you learn to smoke right.

And the fact that you learn to smoke means it's now it's something you're doing not something you are. So what you've done when someone says. I am a smoker is they've confused something they do with something they are. So that can work for us or it can work against us depending on what we're confusing.

But it's important to understand this phenomenon because once you understand it you can hack it you can hack it to get rid of negative it and make it easier to change or you can hack it and install positive stuff at a level of your own nervous system that makes it hard to change. So you're just naturally this way by default does that make sense type yes. In the chat if you're if you're kind of following this conversation on at least on a theoretical abstract level right. Believe me when you when you go through the training a lot of the stuff will get really easy okay.

Now you have two sets of beliefs if. I were to go back to this uh this diagram again oops oh. I got to annotate it if. I were to draw a line like right.

Down the middle here you got beliefs you know about and beliefs you don't right. So we have to unpack these things we have in order for us to find the beliefs that we don't know about we have to provoke them how do we provoke them we do manifestation exercises are we engage we do manifestation exercises or we use the sematic search engine how many people by a show of hands have ever heard of this thing called. Google it's on this new. Contraption called the internet which.

I think is just a fad. I don't think it's going to. Last. So.

I wouldn't get too attached to it right. Okay. So. Joseph is asking here um now how words and color psychology attack you subconsciously to subc okay.

There's weird stuff going on in my my. YouTube chat. I have no. Idea where they're going with those conversations.

Anyway we'll focus on what we can do. So there's two ways we can unpack our limiting beliefs we can provoke them which we can do through manifestation or we can use something called the sematic search engine. So sematic search search engine acts a lot like. Google you ever notice that when you go to.

Google or. Yahoo or. Mozilla or whatever whatever search engine you're using have you ever noticed that when you ask a question the quality of the question determines the quality of the answer in other words the answer changes depending on how you ask the question how you worded it the order and sequence of wording that you use have you ever noticed that true or false yes. Or yes.

As we like to say okay. Remember that your nervous system created. Google know words not your nervous system specifically. But someone with a nervous system like yours and a bunch of people with nervous systems like yours created search engines human beings always create technology that mirrors what we do with our neurology that's why we call all those interfaces intuitive you ever notice when you when you start dialoguing with your unconscious mind remember the six dynamics of an unconscious response unconscious mind always answers.

First always answers honestly always feels like you're making it up you always have an urge to edit what just came up it's never loud it's never linear right. When we ask our our our sematic search engine for information that's how it's going to answer us. But here's the other parameter that you need to understand it will only give us the information that we ask for it that we ask it for there may be other information in that file that it's accessing. But if we don't ask for it it won't give it to us okay.

So how does that work how many of you have ever been in a situation or you've been around somebody in a situ where something shitty happens and all of a sudden that person just looks up in the sky with this exasperated victimized look. Why does this always happen to me anybody ever had that experience right. Well guess what your nervous system the search engine of your nervous system is the most pathologically driven system to answer any question that you give it in other words it doesn't matter how badly worded the question is the moment you ask your nervous system a question it starts to give you answers now here's the here's the important principle that. I want you to understand the quality of your life is determined by the quality of the questions that you ask the quality of your life is determined by the quality of the questions you ask if you're one of those people that says why does this always happen to me your unconscious mind that search engine part of you goes oh wants a list here you go and now all of a sudden it starts spitting up all the reasons why this happens to you right.

But if you ask a better question how can. I do better. Next time how can. I make sure we never have this experience again boom all of a sudden your sematic search engine starts to answer that question for you for those of you who are on our therapy track right.

For those of you who are on therapy track for those of you who are going to work and. Coach people we have an advanced. Axiom that we use uh if you've ever been to identity by. Design you this will be familiar to you the answer is in the question.

I'm repeat that two more times the answer is in the question your system can generate any resource that you can conceive of name and describe. So once you understand what a person's issue is if you ask the nervous system the right. Set of questions it will generate a solution it will generate a set of resources that you can intentionally use to create transformation we're going to do that okay. I'm explaining the theory about behind some of what.

I'm doing you won't recognize some of it a lot of what. I'm talking about when we start doing the process you won't recognize it because you'll be. Focus if you're doing it right. You'll be focused on other things and that's okay.

But. I want you to know that there's a whole set of systems and theories and principles that are being compressed into one very simple easy set of instructions mechanical processes for every. Everything your nervous system creates your nervous system can change every experience that you're carrying around with you every thought every memory every belief every trauma every fantasy every. Daydream your system created and your nervous system accepts it and your nervous system can change it that's a truism for every single one of you in this room okay.

I truly truly. I'm beyond believing it. I know it okay. Okay.

Okay. Now. So here's what we're going to do we're going to use the semantic search engine. First all right.

We're going to learn how to find a limiting belief and we're going to start to transform it okay. Now what you'll find out is that a lot of times you're limiting beliefs aren't limiting beliefs because they're beliefs they're limiting beliefs because they're anchored to a negative experience and once that experience has been transformed the belief changes spontaneous. But we have to find it. So we're going to use what we call body centered energy.

Psychotherapy the six dynamics of an unconscious response and the sematic search engine to begin to transform things by interacting and dialoguing with our own nervous system. So remember when you ask the sematic search engine a question the answer it gives you is going to have six parameters that you want to measure against it's always going to answer whatever pops up. First is going to be the right. Answer whatever pops up.

First is going to be the truth as you're ology perceives it to be it's going to feel like you're making it up you're going to have an urge to edit it because you think you're making it up and you need to clarify it it's never going to be loud it's always going to be like a it's gonna be quiet or soft like a whim or a notion in the back of your mind and many times depending on what level or you want to interact and. Trace something back to its source it's not going to be linear many times when. I was seeing clients in my office in salana. Beach people would come in and say you know.

I'm 35 years old old. I got divorced when. I was 33 and. I just.

I just can't seem to uh was a really traumatic divorce. I just can't seem to get back into the dating game. I can't seem to get excited about going out and meeting people and uh. I need your help well in therapy we have what is commonly referred to as a presenting problem the problem that walks in the door is almost never the real problem.

So this person is coming to me for something that they perceived happened two years previously. But when. I go into that system and. I dialogue with that other part of the nervous system and.

I say take me back to the very. First scene situation or event that is the source the beginning the root cause of the. XYZ problem you came here to fix today all of a sudden they're three years old watching their parents argue and fight and there's a part of their brain that goes that can't be right. I'm just making it up.

I'm here about my divorce not my parent when that stuff when you've catch yourself doing that remember the six dynamics of the unconscious response and stop doing that and just take the information as it comes to you your unconscious mind always answers. First it always answers honestly it always feels like you're making it up you always have an urge to edit what just came up it's never loud it's never linear okay. So are we are we all clear on that. So far right.

So before we go into the process. I want to go ahead and remind you that the the timer is running on uh this special offer when. I log off all this fast action bonus go away. So once again our our special package for today is the hidden.

Laws of. Attraction. Ultra manifestation. Mastery home 20 study course 2025 it's going to include the hidden.

Laws of. Attraction home study course valued at $1,997 you're going to get the vibrational influence. United. Kingdom special edition home study course valued at $2,497 we're going to give that to you absolutely free you're getting a vibrational healing home study course valued at $2,497 we're going to give that to you absolutely free you're get the secrets of.

Personality transformation home study course valued at $2,497 once again we're going to give it to you for free you're going to get the hidden. Laws of. Attraction soulmate. Secrets master class this will probably be the.

Last time. I actually offer soulmate. Secrets um as part of a webinar package. So you might want to go ahead and grab that um $1,997 value absolutely free and the fast action bonuses that go away when.

I log off tonight's webinar the attraction. Mastery 4day uh intensive which is based on our by the way on our killer influence home study program. So with all the state control exercises and everything else. So when.

I talked about that at the beginning of uh the training you'll get that. State control training um as part of the attraction. Master get $2,497 value we're going to give that to you absolutely free you get the. NLP power.

Mastermind mentoring. Practice. Group three-month trial valued at $1,597 we're going to give that to you for free and of course you're going to get the free. IP free.

VIP super ticket to the virtual healing intensive. February 7th through the 9th 2025 uh live from your own living room in my office total value on this is 1876 bucks we're going to take two $200 off our regular asking webinar special program we're going to give it to you for a whopping. SE uh load volume of 797 or if you want you can break that up into three easy installments of just 3.97 each all you got to do is click the links in your chat go to. NLP power. hloa click those links right.

Now. So that we can be clear and move forward if you have questions reach out to. Moss or. Mia call 858 282 4663 folks if you guys want to go ahead and post the phone numbers in the chat okay.

And uh yeah and we'll go back to this okay. So. Next part of our process we're going to do something really interesting everybody just stand up it helps if it's best if you stand up to do this what. I want you to do is.

I want you to close your eyes. And. I want you to think of something that you really want to manifest like on a scale of zero to 10 it's like a 20 set okay. I want you to think about that thing.

But before you do that. I want you to scan your body and. I want you to become aware of the. State the physical feelings in your body right.

Now before we do anything. I want you to become aware of the physical state of your body okay. And now what. I want you to do is.

I want you to think about that thing you want to manifest and. I want you to create a. I'm gonna. I want you to have a.

Steven. Spielberg moment. I want you to imagine what it might be like to have it what might you see what might you hear he what might you smell what might you taste okay. So.

I'm going to guide you through this kind of like a guided meditation. But there's certain things. I'm going to want you to. I'm.

GNA ask you to look. For or pay attention to as we do this remember. I'm teaching you this as a way to understand how to use that sematic search engine those six dynamics of an unconscious response how to integrate your three bodies and how to separate and become aware of positive manifestation feelings and. Sensations and blockages that you didn't know were there okay.

That's the purpose of this exercise because you can't fix something you don't know you have. So this is a provocation exercise that will turn into a manifestation practice once you've done the process okay. So. First thing.

I want you to do is. I want you to close your eyes. And. I want you to think about that thing you want to manifest and.

I want you to make a movie of it make it big as a drive-in movie theater screen. Crystal. Clear like an. IMAX.

Turn. Up. The. Sounds the smells the tastes the feelings best life ever as you do that.

I want you to become aware of the feelings in your body as you cycle through that movie over and over and over again. I want you to notice notice where in your body those wonderful amazing feelings start where they grow where they spread from take a moment notice where you feel that and point to it now notice that there's a color connected to those feelings what color or color don't don't type this in the chat what color or colors might that be for you. First impression once you've got that. I want you to scan your body another one more time as you're cycling through that and notice any place in your body where you you sense a an icky.

Naggy less than positive feeling. I want you to notice where in your body if at all those feelings start and grow from point to where you feel it notice there's a color connected to that and notice what colors those are. First impression and. I just want you to become aware of the different locations in the body where your positive feelings are where the less than positive feelings are okay.

And. I want you once you know where they're where they are. I want you to draw a little stick figure on your paper and. I want you to.

Circle where the positive feelings are and. I want you to. Circle where the negative feelings are and when you've done that. I want you to type done in the chat done okay.

Betty's done dy's done. So how many of you noticed now again. I'm running. I'm getting short on time.

So rather than having you experience certain things. I'm just going to front load you and and assume you've experienced this if you experienc something different that's perfectly okay. How many of you noticed that when you were running the movie there was these very obvious very noticeable very tangible positive. I love this feeling it's like was right.

There anybody notice it was like very very obvious it was it was very loud right. What were the qualities of the icky naggie feelings were they have front two or were they more in the background were they more subdued or just like kind of looking over true not true background. Nancy says exactly you see one of the things that happens is when we're trying to do manifestation work back with slow heavy and bog down one of the things that happens when we're doing manifestation work is we're trying to use our will to make something happen now what does that mean when. I'm intentionally doing something.

I'm. I'm making something happen there's this this feeling of effort right. But what happens is it's not your will that's the problem it's the fact that your imagination is accessing certain things okay. And.

So what happens is as we start to imagine things and those. Naggy feelings come up in the background right. We start putting more energy into the positive visualization into the positive movie true or not true when you caught yourself did you catch yourself doing that you tried to ignore the icky. Naggy feelings right.

That's a human thing here's the problem with that those when you try when you the more will that you you you put into something the more the unconscious mind recedes. But will equals energy and energy feeds into both the positive and the negative now the thing we need to understand understand about those icky. Naggy feelings those are the memories beliefs negative values you weren't conscious of you didn't know they were there until something entered the system that was neg that was opposite of it or that that it was inhibiting you had to provoke the negative feelings in order to find them okay. So the way that we find the stuff that holds us back is by going going after what we want right.

But this this idea of just ignoring the background stuff you can't that's that's the. Trap when you ignore something we have another word for that it's called denial when you try to ignore or deny something you try to overpower it you're actually adding more energy to it. So that feeling is actually stronger and here's the thing need to understand that feeling that you think is in the background that's faint or. Naggy it's not that way because it's weak it has that experience because it's deep it's deeper in the system it's deeper in the in the viscera it's deeper in the energy body it's deeper in the spiritual body it's been there longer there's when you uh there's a video in a set of principles we call the hidden laws of mental.

Dynamics we have this thing known as the law of. Primacy whatever goes in. First has the greatest gravity whatever is there the longest has the greatest gravity they're the hardest to change. But the longer they're there the earlier they're there the deeper in the system they are.

So when they well up they seem like they're in the background like they're no. Big deal. But they're actually stronger than the thing you're work you're consciously working with. So you have to flip the script on your manifestation practice right.

We go after what we want to provoke the things that are holding us back from and. Then we attack the things that are holding us back and everything else gets easier. So if you followed my instructions you should have a little stick figure or a little representation of yourself that has spaces marked out where your negative stuff manifested true not true okay. So now let's get rid of that shall we is that okay.

To get rid of it any reason why you might want to keep it if you if the answer you got was anything other than a resounding yes. It's okay. To get rid of it we got to fix okay. So okay.

So you're ready we're running out of time. So this is going to be really really quick. I re recommend that you look. Up any of our videos on the transformational.

Triad all the techniques that. I've shared with you are somewhere in the coursework that you'll be studying from tonight's webinar on the packages. So once again. I want you to close your eyes.

Point to that. First icky feeling no. Notice where you feel it and point to it look. At it with your under eyes.

And notice there's a color maybe even a series of colors connected to those feelings not don't tell me about it. But just notice what color colors is it for you for. First impression on a scale of 0 to 10 rate the intensity of those feelings when you've done that reach into that part of your body take all that color out and hold it in your hands in front of make sure you get it all because sometimes that high now for some people it's like pulling. Taffy or pulling dandelion weeds right.

Some people say all done. I don't care. However long it takes you to pull that out and hold it in your hands in front of you go ahead and do that right. Now again.

I know that we're all separated in time and space. But we're all going to do this together. So. However fast or slow you need to go that's fine as you look.

At that color in your hands did it change or stay the same. First impression don't type it just know it now notice it's moving it's spinning in a certain direction what direction is it spinning now what. I want you to do is. I want you to physically grab it with both of your hands and.

I want you to play with the direction it's moving until you find the direction that gives you the exact thing you want instead and. I want you to spin it like a wheel and double the spin double the speed double the force double the magnitude keep doubling it over and over and over again until it takes on a life of its own until it's impossible for it to go back the way it was when you know you've got it send it back into the spot you took. It out of notice the change notice it's gone notice as this new program works its way deeper and deeper and deeper into your system any program any belief any memory any experience that's not in harmony with this new set of instructions your neurolog is going to begin to shed it's going to begin to purge like a snake shedding its skin like old software being uninstalled by newer better more powerful software there's no. Need to measure it manage it or make it happen faster just notice that process taking place allow it to install itself completely and when you know it's done it's locked in impossible to go back test it try to bring those old feelings back try to turn those new feelings off and notice what happens instead many times as this new program works its way deeper and deeper and deeper into your system our body goes through all kinds of interesting changes and manifestations some people break out in the sweat some people get cold some people laugh some people yawn some people cry some people twitch some people choke some people just feel waves of emotion coming up.

However your body does it it's just your neurology resetting itself it's just the emotional detox there's no. Need to measure it or manage it and make it happen faster just notice that process taking place allow it to install itself completely and when you know it's done it's locked in impossible to go back test it try to bring the old feelings back try to turn the new feelings off and notice what happens instead when you're satisfied stop testing scan your body notice how good you feel and tell me what you discovered what you experienced go ahead and type it in the chat yany says. I'm yawning like crazy. Bingo perfect.

Nancy says she feels lighter all right. Anybody else. Liam says you help me lift a fear. Amen brother all right.

Ah. El says it moved to her throat. So we've got a compound issue. So take that out spin it put actually you know what go ahead and aen.

I know you have skills. So go ahead and. Magic. Frame it and.

Then spin it again and tell me what happens do you know what. I mean when. I say spin it in color magic frame it and spin it okay. Good.

DD deeper says thank you. I feel powerful yet lighter yes. Because what you've just done is manifestation and transformation you've taken an energy an energy pattern in your body that was limiting you and holding you back and you transformed it into something that empowers you and unlocks your system okay. Now what we're going to do um is we're gonna actually now how many of you have any or have more than one icky.

Naggy feeling that came up dark. D deeper says dark colors are. So much lighter in shade and almost gone perfect notice that they're going to melt really quick a lot of these things burp a lot that's yeah don't be surprised when you're my my wife is a burper like when she starts to process stuff she just right. It's just it's just how your body does it okay.

Um and we can address that too if we need to. But a lot of times what your body's doing you some some people will. Tremor and shake and and do all these crazy things right. Let your body do that that's how your body gets rid of it okay.

So if all the neg if the negative things you marked on your sheet are gone do this. Next exercise if there is anything left like a separate location or a separate color do the exercise we just did again on that until it's completely zeroed out and you can't get it back we're gonna now we're going to do is we're going to magnify and amplify the positive energy okay. And it's going to be very similar process right. So.

I want you to close your eyes. Think of that thing that you want to manifest okay. Run the movie notice where you're in your body you feel it point to it on a scale of 0 to 10 rate the intensity of those feelings and notice there's a color connected to those feelings what color colors is it for you. First impression reach in grab that energy take it all out you don't want to miss a drop of this right.

Hold it in your hands in front of you and notice did the color change or stay the same. First impression now notice it's moving it's spinning in a certain direction what direction is it spinning now physically grab it with both of your hands find the direction that makes it even stronger when you find the direction that makes it even stronger. I want you to spin it like a wheel and double the spin double the speed double the force double the magnitude keep doubling it over and over and over again until takes on a life of its own until it's impossible for it to go back the way it was keep spinning it spinning it faster faster faster when you know you've got it it's impossible for it to go back the way it was slam it back into the spot you took. It out of notice the change notice it's strong notice as this new program works its way deeper and deeper and deeper into your system any program any belief any memory any experience that was not in harmony with this new set of instructions your neurology is going to begin to shed it's going to begin to purge like a snake shedding its skin like old software being uninstalled by newer better more powerful software notice how the feelings in your body shift and change as every part of you required to manifest and embody this new transformation this new manifestation this new result begins to come online synergized energized harmonized in the direction of the manifestation you've installed there's no.

Need to measure it manage it or make it happen faster just notice the process taking place allow it to fully and completely install itself and when you know it's locked in it's inevitable all the. Transformations are lining up all the resources are in the right. Place at the right. Speed in the right.

Time test it try to go back to the old way of being try to turn the new feelings off try to bring the old feelings back and notice what happens instead now many times as we go through this process body goes through all kinds of interesting. Transformations and manifestations some people break out into sweat some people laugh some people yawn some people cry some people twitch some people just feel waves of emotion coming up. However your body does it it's just your neurology resetting itself it's just the manifestation and transformation phenomena activating there's no. Need to measure it or manage it or make it happen faster just notice the process taking place allow it to install itself completely and when you're satisfied and you know it's done it's locked in test it try to go back to the old way of being and notice what happens instead when you're satisfied go ahead and stop testing and report to me what you experienced what' you discover what' you learn.

Liam says. Whoa crazy like. I just ran a marathon. But came out stronger with p c better cardio does that make sense my heart is beating.

So fast yes. It makes perfect sense because the part of you that manifests is your heart in case you didn't know that your heart is the seat of manifestation. Betty an says tested made it get brighter. Nancy said intensity went from seven to8 yeah hey is that a good thing all right.

At least says feel lighter and happier. Nancy says yes. She's laughing all right. Guys.

I hope you've enjoyed this. I hope you you've come away with some very powerful. DD says when. I try to think the old way.

I laugh yep all right. So. Last call as they say for those fast action bonuses those of you who want to do this hidden. Laws of.

Attraction home study course valed at $1,997. Value vibrational influence. United. Kingdom special edition $2,497 value we're going to give that to you free vibrational healing $2,249 497 value we're going to give that to you free secrets of.

Personality transformation hidden. Laws of. Attraction soulmate. Secrets.

Master. Class fast action bonus one attraction. Mastery 4day intensive fast action bonus to the. NP power.

Master my mentoring. Practice. Group and archive and the free. VIP ticket to our upcoming virtual healing intensive uh.

February 9th or 7th through the 9th total value on this is $18,750 you can get it for 797 or three easy installments of $397 each it would now be a good time to click that link if you liked what you got you want the whole system go ahead you get you get the whole shebang the full. Monti as we like to say um operators are standing by and in the words of the immortal. Carol. Bernette.

I'm. So glad we had this time together just to have a laugh or sing a song seems we just got started and before you know it comes the time we have to say. So long good night everybody manifest away. I'll see you on the other side.

I love you. God bless take care.
