Title: Mind Control Skills - How To Read Anyone Instantly Face Reading and Body Language Psychology 02
File Name: xTXEAtzQvm4.txt
Video Id: xTXEAtzQvm4
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xTXEAtzQvm4

Alright. Let's go ahead and finish a move on with more characteristics of two-faced. Dom all know about that bass bout that bass quick answer hello microphone pops that's us to use [Music] there's just two items um what does it mean when the nose itself is asymmetrical and one nostril is perhaps larger than the other that's one and two what if the corners of the mouth are asymmetrical in other words one perhaps going up and the other one is going down okay. So when you look.

At the mouth let's done with the mouth. First. So listen you have to make a distinction now let me make this picture bigger we look. At the mouth can't make it any bigger apologize you're looking at the mouth the.

First thing you have to did make it just make a determination is is it a wrinkle or is it the corner of the mouth. So if you notice we have lines here these are wrinkles okay. When the line we're gonna bring come extends from the corner of the mouth down you're looking at disappointment if you've been suffering a lot of not just the one episode. But a lifetime of disappointments and.

I need to we need to emphasize that you can have these markings in the moment in the in the face of an extreme you know an extreme emotion. But if they're there all the time that is a history of these things it's chronic right. So that when we're looking at the mouth we have to make the determination with this line especially is it a wrinkle or is it the mouth actually turned down okay. So if we have this line we're looking at we're looking at disappointment if the corner of the mouth itself is turned down you're looking at somebody's a little bit more pessimistic just like the corner of the eye mm-hmm it's the same idea the corner of the mouth is up it tend to be a little bit more the optimistic side more open world outgoing okay.

If you see that one side is down and one side is up is it public or private guess what there guess how they are when nobody's looking guess how they are when everybody's looking what's the face they're showing the world that makes sense when we look. At the mouth also this is again this is not something we cover with the emotional map. But we want to look. At the relative size of the mouth in proportion with two things a we draw a line directly down from the pupils does it touch the corners we take the line directly from the sides of the nose down does it meet the corners of the mouth if both of those lines intersect at the corner at the corner of the mouth you have someone who has an average-sized mouth if not doesn't reach that line you have someone with a small mouth.

So if it goes beyond that line you have someone with a big mouth people with larger mouth tend to have more generosity that's why we're always more generous from different well it was smaller mouths they don't get it right. As much they don't get quite as readily in fact they usually only give strategically they give with an agenda either because it's expected because they want something in return yada-yada-yada someone who's got a big mouth wide mouth they give because it's fun they like it okay. [Music] remember we told you that right. Yeah yes.

Yes. Yes. There were. So many things about the mountain yes.

That was one of them they were. So inundated with ice stuff that when we got to the mouth like right. Then they started asking about ears and. Then all the eyes.

Glazed over after that. So going back to the facial method the emotional map okay. We're looking again we're looking at emotional markings right. Now a lot of people.

I gave you other stuff. So disappointment over nurturing over nurturing you see with lines above the lips these are horizontal small horizontal or vertical lines above the lips and these are again are people who are giving too much of themselves to other people if you have a line that comes across this here this is a horizontal line up that goes across this is somebody who's really really giving away their. Jing they're giving away their are their essence or their energy or their power to preserve other people. I call it giving away your future to prove it to preserve someone's present all right.

So when you see this line these people really need to spend more time nurturing themselves like heat mystically. So to the point where they feel guilty about it and. Then go deeper. I volunteer yes.

Okay. And you see it a lot now this line will start to appear naturally around the age of 50 or 60 because we're approaching that it's called a retirement line as well it's a sign that you're doing to lunch okay. And it's usually too much for other people. Thanks what says what.

Seth you forgot to trim the hedges and he enjoyed it. So we've talked about fear we've talked about bitterness disappointment over nurturing we've talked about these purpose lines remember we want these when you're doing the things that you came here to do these are gonna get stronger. So and that's a good thing okay. We talked about auditory intuition when you've got lines in front of the ears it'd look.

Like little gills sometimes these are people who can can parse language very very deeply they understand things they can extract things from what people are saying that aren't obvious they've got really good detectors we didn't talk about this one with some of you had this market when you have a horizontal line that comes towards the nose from the outer the outer canthus these are pain lines these are people who are probably experiencing some form of physical pain sometimes emotional changes oh movies it's always chronic can you take a look. Matt has horizontal lines that. I'd never seen before the vertical lines oh yeah vertical sorry is that what is that do you know off the top of my head no. Okay.

Yeah that's what it is he's a. Anyway just the tip. Anyway okay. If you see little lines in the lobes of the ears this is somebody who had blood pressure irregularities this can also be a kind of an emotional a tendency to overreact to stimuli like when somebody has a startled response it's like way out of proportion which can spike or decrease your blood pressure.

I have them and and. I've had to deal with that most of my life. But it can mean it's not necessarily high blood pressure or low blood pressure. But erratic blood pressure sometimes it's high sometimes it's low.

But it's usually a sign that you need to kind of pay attention to your cardiovascular health not that you're sick. But you need to pay attention right. Many of the lines that we get the nice thing about. Chinese medicine is that.

Chinese medicine can alert us that things long before they become medically pathological just like a woman has better social radar than men do. Chinese medicine has a better health radar than allopathic medicine does we could sense things long before they they would register it them in the western side and. So we need to use that to fix stuff when it's still fixable or in many cases things that have become chronic and. Canada to us through.

Esther medicine we can through. Chinese medicine or as a hypnotist is am i looking for a wrinkle or even if like somebody has like said about chubby your cheeks like this no. Can. I get you see you see the how the flying turns down these are disappointment lines she's also got a downturn mouth which doesn't help in hers she's got a it's more if it's more pronounced on her private side than in her public side.

So the face she's a realtor. So she has to show a good face all the time. So you'll see that a lot of times you'll also probably see people who have to do those kinds of jobs they'll tend to have a bigger eye on that side because they have to write [Music] not always though. So you know.

I'm saying many times because. I'm a sameness person. I suppose everybody's different you have look. At each person case pledges which is also true if you see those lines that go up past the outer corner now you're looking at somebody who's gonna be a little crazy they got a little bit too much fire going on in the brain they're gonna be manic they're gonna be hyper sexual they're gonna be hyper creative and.

Then they may be there if they're all manic they're gonna be they're just gonna burn out if they're manic depressive they're gonna be out they're gonna crash if it doesn't go past the eyebrow it's usually it's usually a pretty joyful person all right. But if it goes up past that eyebrow even if it gets to that. I ever. I start to get a little nervous right.

Because it doesn't take a lot to flip the switch an interesting line that that shows up from time to time is a horizontal or diagonal line rather that kind of comes up and cuts up this way some of you have a. TJ's got a bunch of them right. These are called transformation lines and these are lines of people have gone through these very long. I don't want to say necessarily spiritual.

But long dark nights of the soul and emerged with some form of spiritual transformation or epiphany or enlightenment okay. There's a there's another aspect to this that's often called. Buddha wings people open up that. Third eye and they become enlightened the wrinkles go kind of like something like this if you watch if you see pictures of the dalai lama when he's teaching when he's actively passing on spiritual messages you'll see these lines emerge on his face when you catch him when he's not teaching when he's moving from like the stage to this car or something like that they're not quite as pronounced.

So these lines can enhance or decrease depending on on your energy in your mood at the time of what you're doing right. But largely the things you do most often were making the the vestiges and the markings remain and that's what's that's what we look. At not. I don't look.

At trip if we're gonna look. At transient emotions now we're gonna look. At what faked that micro-expressions the. Ekman stuff which is also useful okay.

It's very useful for those applications. But this is something that's a little bit more life stylish as opposed to in that moment in that context under interrogation or lie detection or whatever. So they're very complimentary in that respect okay. So when you see those they've gone through some and you can always leave it.

I said you tell by the lines on your head you went through some serious stuff it got some major life lessons from it you learned some really powerful things that changed your life in a very profound way lines that you're gonna see a lot especially here in. Southern. California supposed to go to the driving lines in the center this is a very important area in face reading we won't go into all the reasons for it. But the two things you want to look.

At in terms of emotion is do they have a single line no. Line or double lines single line is what we call a suspended needle if it's really deep we call that a suspended sword if you're. TJ size that we call it the suspended bazooka okay. And and what this usually indicates is it's usually anger directed at the father the primary father figure and that the mom was very masculine and very strong it may be a mother.

But classical. Chinese the father was the masculine side. So. But usually what that indicates is that at some point early in life this person expressed their anger they expressed their strength and they were punished for it they were it was there was pushed back you know they were they were thrown in prison they were given a timeout they were kicked out of the house a lot of times when young young boys are maturing and going through that adolescents and teenagers period they become very rebellious because they want to be the.

Alpha in the house and. So they express themselves and dad gives them the life lesson and sometimes. But what happens is as a result of that experience regardless of how it turned out the the negative consequences of that expression was. So severe that they made a decision never to go that far again and.

So they cut back and hold back their power they limit themselves and that's that what that marking represents and. So at some point in life that holding back of that power will limit them in something it'll limit them from moving forward. But it starts as an express their feelings and getting and the ring the negative ramifications are. So strong we made a decision never to do that again now some that's that point to where you feel it we rested cause nothing changing you fix it right.

Now. Chinese. Chinese fix readers would sit there and talk about it and allow you to talk about your anger how you fell what you've learned from it and in that process there would be some cathartic release as well and there would you would begin the process of resolution it's just slower it doesn't think doesn't work it works really well. But it's just slower than the thinking the methodologies that we use and both are fine right.

Whatever whatever is appropriate to the context in what you're doing these things you know whenever you feel it taking a magic frame and doing might be a little bit theatrical in some cases right. Might not want to do that in the middle of a coffee shop wine right. Or something. But dialogue works in this case because it's a vibrational interaction right.

But yeah every technology that you've learned in terms of spinning magic framing gray room these are all things that you can bring to bear on every facial marking if you understand the concept of the somatic search engine there's a wrinkle on your face there's a reason that wrinkle is there and there's a feeling connected to the reason that wrinkle is there point to where you feel it it's all of the question it's all in the question get it see and the the nostril size difference nostril size difference nostril size and the size of the name the nasal is an indication of how rapidly energy or money is expended. So if you have somebody who has a bigger nostril on the public side they tend to be more frivolous in their money out in their professional life versus whether in the private if it's invert is inverted it's they're more they're more spending in private you know they may have a waffle you know room full of shoes that they never wear they just buy to look. At you know what was the. Second line well there's actually two lines when you see these two lines that have said emerge between the you're looking at somebody who's got a lot of irritation annoyance or impatience irritation annoying instrument patients now the line for that is specifically between the eyebrows if the line starts to descend inside the eyebrow down towards the inner canthus now you've got somebody who's engaging in a lot of worry a lot of anxiety two lines one line is suspended sword you're the finest in patience no.

Interpretation okay. Suspend lesson fun hey we all do especially when you live in. Southern. California without sunglasses and spend any time in traffic that's the traffic face right.

But if the line extends down now this is moving from the liver area to the spleen and pancreas area which is almost a sign of excessive worry anxiety or overthinking. So when you see that these people also need some therapy stuff to stop the overthinking part. DJ drag to the nostril difference the public site is larger the. Last class we had a lady her public site nostril was almost 30% bigger she was in accounts payable.

So she processed a ton of money at work. But was very frugal at home oh it's the correlations are there the way the. Chinese look. At it is the bridge of the nose in this area is the top of the energy funnel where energy comes into the body the nose and the flaring of the nostrils is the is the exit of the funnel.

So the bigger the from the the the exit the more comes out the faster. So we look. At energetically and enter and money is just energy. So when we look.

At and the energy flow in the body if there if it's night. Natalia has got a beautiful. I want her nose. I said.

I want the bridge of her nose that some money knows she could escape she can bring in lots of money and. Then the proportions of the base of her nose to the bridge of her nose are is not because there is not really a lot compared to some of you. So she could actually hold on to a lot of that money or she can take in. So much he didn't spend it fast enough.

So she's gonna be have an easier time managing and accumulating money plus if you look. At her ears they're like almost the size of her whole head which is the sign of somebody who's gonna have a comfortable retirement they're gonna live a long time and they're gonna be taken care of some way as they get older. So don't thank me thank whoever gave that do you trust me. I didn't do it.

But. But some people have a set of nostrils that are just huge and it doesn't mean you won't be wealthy it means you have to pay more attention to how you spend your money right. Because the big nose when he goes out faster and it comes in it's very easy to turn upside down isn't it microphone [Music] now when you distinguish these features and these little line marks. I mean how are you able to tell when somebody has to.

I had some plastic surgery. But those lines still be able more prominent as well depending on what they can change that will actually change there at their personality and health anytime you modify the bony structure you're modifying your energy you're modifying the fund the fundamental building block of who you are not just in terms of your physicality. But in terms of your personality attitudes interpret it's. Jing as we call it in.

Chinese medicine and. So what. I've seen is like. Botox will screw you up both physiologically as well as emotionally removing bone will dramatically reduce characters characteristics like if you have a very strong jaw or very prominent brow bone you tend to be very good at athletics you tend to be very physical right.

And if you remove bone from the jaw or you haven't done some if you have a. Franken brow you know. I'm talking about in a big big roof these people tend to be extraordinarily gifted athletes tremendous physical endurance they love they love competition they love they love to mix it up right. And if you remove that bone a lot of times you remove that quality and the talent that comes with it and and leave.

Lily and tell stories of kids going through high school with this massive almost cro-magnon job it was tremendously gifted at football and. Then as a high school graduation gift she got her mom got the kid plastic surgery he lost his ability to play football and he lost his scholarships right. I haven't seen any real or haven't heard any stories about adding stuff like adding collagen or filler or something like that. So.

I don't know how that affects us. But. I know that removing substance is going to affect that attribute okay. I'm a big.

I'm a big proponent of stem cell work and. I think that that's actually a lily and doesn't. I know lilia doesn't agree with me on this. But.

I don't. I think it's actually a good thing if you're using if you're using either your own stem cell or mesenchymal stem cells which are umbilical stem cells. I think that's a way to get more. Jing where's the.

Chinese say you can't do even though the censor and umbilical cord substances has been used in. Chinese herbology for centuries for essence deficiencies which are basically jammed. So. I think there's a definite correlation there between supplementing your.

Jing and and stem cell er. But that's just my theory and. I can neither confirm nor deny it. But yeah when you look.

At these microphones how much does hummuses race has to do with it because proportionally are you looking at proportionate to the face good and now the trade all measurements are based on the face itself you know. Jews have big noses big ass right. So. But that.

But we can't generalize that the all. Jews have big noses. I mean they're all generalize that all. Jews have big noses you generalize you don't generalize from people.

I look. At your face there the month of the the measuring the measuring stick of the face is the eye most people don't realize this. But your head is the average head is five eyes. Wide from.

Camco side to side it's five eyes. That's an average face the space between the eyes. Is one eye if it's closer than one all you've got close-set eyes. If it's farther apart.

Then one eye you've got wide-set eyes. They have characteristics nothing to do with your eyes. Versus your eyes. It's all based on what the.

Chinese called body measurements or body inches or the. Chinese call them sugar which is basically the lift the width of a thumb knuckle or in this in your case we're measuring the face based on its own ratios its own proportions and. So it doesn't really matter what the race is we're not gonna look. At a white person versus a.

Jewish person versus a. Muslim person versus a. Serbian person versus an african-american person well look. At that face and what's proportional or disproportionally and.

So it's all it all works it's not about race per se that help dr. nello okay. All right. So here's what we're gonna do we're gonna take another 30 minutes and now you've got the other half of the equation read more faces.
