Title: XVDBLF8p4C8.txt
Video Id: XVDBLF8p4C8
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XVDBLF8p4C8

You got one sure sure okay. Here's what. I want you to do. I want you to think about that good feeling remember that good feeling.

Reach. Out. And. Touch.

It. Good. As. You.

Reach. Out. And. Touch it here.

I want you to notice that there's a place in your body where that feeling starts. I want you to point to it physically point to it. First impression good now as you look. At it with your inner eyes.

I want you to notice there's a color associated with that feeling what's the color. First impression. I'd say green green that's right. I want you to reach into that energy with both of your hands cup it in your hands and pull it all out and look.

At it and make sure you get it all cuz sometimes those good feelings hide when you know you've got it all just hold it up and look. At it with your inner eyes. Perfect as you look. At it.

I want you to just ask me a real quick question did the color change or stay the same. First impression. I was actually just trying to feel it okay. Just feel it did the feeling change or stay the same not sure.

I'm understanding that okay. As you're feeling it here uh here yeah remember how it felt when it was in your body remember how it feels now is it the same or different it's lighter okay. Here's what. I want you to do.

I want you to notice that it's moving in a certain direction what's the direction person impression there you go perfect here's what. I want you to do is. I want you to double the speed at which it's spinning double the intensity and the amplitude at which it's spinning and keep doubling it until it's as good as it was and. Then even better and better and better when it's as good as you can possibly stand it when you know you've got it when that's right.

Enjoy it get into it that's it when you know you've got it slam it back in notice how good you feel yeah absolutely there you go big big round of applause you see the color you see the color change his whole his whole face changed okay. The nervous system doesn't care what the thing is.
