Title: Secrets of Human Influence: How get anything you want Fast.
File Name: XvlPToXeOj4.txt
Video Id: XvlPToXeOj4
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XvlPToXeOj4

Hello hello my friend welcome to the pre-webinar administrative details stuff this is. Dr. David checking in with you it seems like it has been forever since. I've had the opportunity to to share and and teach some cool stuff to some cool people.

So a couple things the webinar will start right. At 4. P.M. Pacific time if this is your.

First time with us remember that we are simulcasting this from our. Zoom channel to you and as well as to our brothers and sisters on our. YouTube channel. So if you are joining us from.

YouTube please keep in mind that there is a lag between um when. I speak and when it shows up in your feed your chats are in real time uh. So if you have a question just keep asking if it's relevant to where we're at in the conversation. I am happy to answer it if it's not or.

I miss it because as things start to pick up um questions. Blow by faster than. I can track there's three ways to get your questions answered a keep posting uh and if. I see it and it's relevant to where we're at in the webinar and it won't distract us.

I won't answer it uh if some of my veterans from planet. David people have been using this material for any length of time uh see the question and. I haven't answered it feel free to answer it if you have actual real world practical experience doing it uh and of course when the the replay of this video goes live on our. YouTube channel if you go to the comment section um at the uh underneath the video and re-post your question.

I make a habit of going back multiple times uh throughout the course of a month when. I do a webinar live event and um physically answering the questions via text or chat and in fact if. I know the answer. I will uh.

I will answer it if. I do not know the answer. I will point you in the direction of where. I think would be the best place for you to go to get your questions answered um this is a free form webinar which means we have a very loose structure that comes in three parts the.

First part will be foundations and goals the. Second part will be upgrading your skills part three of the webinar will be circling back to part one to build on the foundations we laid to give you really powerful hardcore techniques that you can take out into the world and start using right. Away just get the life you want the way that you want it. I'll be.

I'll be repeating a lot of this when we actually log back onto the webinar. But it is my custom always to uh to try and get on a few minutes before the actual content part begins and let people know that if you're used to a 90-minute webinar where the guy teases you about all the amazing things you could be doing and. Then says you can have it once you buy my stuff that's not how this works our webinars tend to be very content heavy they're focused on actionable content things that you can take out right. Away and start using there is an offer as always connected to the content that we're teaching you if they're derived from our systems and we'll show you how to level up if that's something that you feel is in your best interest to do.

But if you've budgeted uh the classic 90 minutes for this webinar um you may want to rethink that scheduling our webinars usually run anywhere from 120 to 280 minutes it's close to three hours sometimes a little longer depending on how excited and uh enthusiastic our classes are and while. I'm on that note and. I'll say this again when. I actually log log on personally this is a class that is very much the the skills that you get from it are based on the degree to which you actually participate in the drills that we're going to share with you these things are not theoretical they're proven if you go out and you do these things the way we teach them to you they will have an effect on the people in fact the best part about our content is you don't got to believe any of it for it to work for you you just gotta have a fun playful curious attitude a sincere desire to roll up your sleeves do the drills and get some skills and go out and play with them in the real world and you'll rapidly discover that we have undersold or underhyped the content that you're learning.

Anyway it is uh 353 here in sunny. California where we're in the midst of a heat wave and. I'm in a room with no. Air conditioning.

So if you see me sweating it's not because. I'm nervous it's because. I'm actually melting in the. California age.

So that being said. I will see you very very shortly make sure that you have lots of caffeinated beverages lots of oxytocin and dopamine. Laden acceptances oh. I don't know like chocolate or things of that nature and of course things to write on and write with and.

I will talk to you very very soon. I'm excited and. I hope you're as excited as. I am to spend the.

Next two three hours together doing some really cool stuff with some really cool people talk to you soon all right. You all start your engines one minute to show time oh less than one minute to show time hello hello hello my friends welcome to secrets of human influence. I am your host the ever dangerous ever delirious and somewhat dehydrated. Dr.

David. Snyder uh let me just start my recording really quick. So we have a record of this and there you have it the official beginning of our webinar once again welcome um this is. Dr.

David. Snyder welcome to secrets of human influence and today we're going to discuss some of the most powerful hypnotic conversation hypnotic techniques for persuading humans to like love and trust you uh anytime anywhere under any circumstances for any reason you know at the longer that. I. I'm in this field and especially with the developments of the.

Last 24 to 36 months. I have never been more convinced in my life that the secrets that the the skills and the techniques for understanding and influencing human behavior are in fact the most important survival skill that we can possess today yes. Tech skills are good how to use a computer is kind of up there too. But honestly survival and and to survive and thrive in a society of humans governed by the rule of law and in some cases governed by the law of the.

Jungle the ability to get human beings to actually want to do what they want you to do to like and love and trust you and connect with you is really this the skill that separates the true winners and the the thrivers in our society from the people who barely get by okay. So um. I think that this is in a very important if you're here it's not an accident um. But before we get into the actual content um.

I. I it's my. Habit to kind of get on say hey you all. David you have your winter vest and fall vest on.

I'm not right. This is. California where. I bear in.

San. Diego where. I barely have any season at all. So this is a summer vest just as much as a winter mess um and if you see me sweating it's because.

I actually the. NLP. Powerhouse is one of those. California homes that didn't think it was appropriate to actually put central air in.

So. I have yet to get air conditioning units installed uh in the building. So if you see me sweating it's not because. I'm stressed out it's because.

I'm literally melting as. I talk to you. But you're worth it damn it and while. I'm on the subject of damn it um if.

Politically. Incorrect language colorful metaphors swearing or the word boobies offends you this is probably not the best use of your. Next two to three hours okay. My intention is never to offend anyone.

But sometimes the the rules and the principles that. I have to report can be very provocative and provocation is actually something that we as self-actualizing human beings really want to pay attention to what are the things that provoke us that make us want to run away you're going to find as you start to get more and more into the aspects of self-actualization of clearing your crap and empowering yourself that many times this the fastest most direct route to becoming the best version of yourself lie in running towards the things that make you want to run away that make you want to recoil that makes it if it gets counterintuitive. But that's kind of how it works uh we're going to talk a little bit about what we call towards and away from our animalistic. Consciousness versus self-actualizing consciousness uh poor body care makes me really quick.

I see we have some of our veterans with us today and while we're on the subject of veterans how many people just by let me pull up my chat how many people buy a show of hands or just type me in the chat uh is are you tuning in for a. First time how many are. First time viewers. First experiences with.

Planet. David all right. Very cool thank and where and tell me type your names and where you're where you're tuning in from the and those of you who are veterans of. Planet.

David who've been bebopping around the channel or the live events for three six ten months 10 years type your names where you're checking in how long you've had uh you if you've been in. Planet. David and the reason that. I asked that isn't just.

So. I can get an accurate census of who's new and who isn't it's because many times as we go through the content of today's webinar uh you're going to have a question right. And that's and. I love questions anybody who's ever watched my.

YouTube channel much to their frustration many times is. I. I just take questions left and right. And left and right.

The problem is is the more questions. I take the more the more squirrels. I tend to. Chase and uh the more sometimes the longer it takes to get to the actionable content that.

I have planned for you tonight. So one of the things that we do is there's if you have a question. I want your question to get answered now sometimes the questions you have aren't directly relevant to the content of the webinar or the portion of the webinar where we're at. So here's three ways that you can get your questions answered within 24 hours or less okay.

And the. First one is uh. Hey keep typing your question in the chat okay. We're streaming to our.

Zoom people as well as our uh our. YouTube family and. So there is a bit of a lag between when. I see a question and.

I answer it through the video versus when. I type it directly into the chat okay. So keep typing the question and if. I do not see it which is entirely possible because a lot after a while the questions start flying by.

So fast. I can't catch them if my veterans see the question and you have a direct experience with that particular technique or or have solved that problem using our. Technologies. I invite you to reach out to the people who asked the question and answer it for them you expect me to tell you how awesome my stuff is right.

You know nobody logs onto a webinar and expects the guy on the webinar saying my stuff sucks you should not buy it at all right. Um. But trust the people that are actually spent time to keep coming back because they keep finding solutions for the problems that they have none of the stuff that. I'm going to share with you in this webinar that.

I invent for you. I'll be very upfront with you uh. I've. I invented it for me there were things in my life that there were problems in my life that.

I had to solve there were things in my life. I wanted and. I was continually frustrated in my ability to get them and. So the things that.

I'm going to share with you. I have proven over and over and over again for myself uh and my students. So uh you know now the final way that you can get your question answered is at the end of this webinar there will be a. YouTube will automatically render a copy of it.

I have a separate copy that. I'll put on my website. But there will be an immediate rough copy of this website or this webinar available immediately on. YouTube if we did not get your question answered uh during the actual webinar if you go to the comments section of this video under the live section in our in our.

Channel and you type your question in. I make it a practice after every webinar for every every single day for the. Next month to monitor that. Web.

Channel. I want my. I'm honored every day. Anyway.

But specifically with webinars. I make it a practice to monitor those comments every single day uh and answer any questions that appear on that channel. So there are three ways to get your questions answered that being said is this in fact the right. Place for you to be today uh.

First of all like. I said like. I said at the intro um this is not a 90-minute webinar. So if you came in if you logged in expecting you know 90 minutes of tease tease tease buy my stuff buy my stuff by myself you're going to kind of be disappointed.

However if you came to get some solid gold nuclear-powered techniques that you can start using right. Away and you're prepared to roll up your sleeves do the drills and get the skills you found the right. Place. So this this webinar is for you if well actually let me start let me start off by just.

So. I'm gonna go out on a limb here most of you know who. I am is that true yes. Do.

I need to give you my my pedigree okay. So for those of you who again because this is for the new people really uh let me go ahead and start with the uh the the all-important question who is. Dr. David [Music] and why should.

I care. So. First of all you should know. I am in fact a an actual doctor of acupuncture in.

Chinese medicine this is a copy of my diploma from. Pacific. College of. Oriental medicine.

I've been a practicing acupuncturist hypnotherapist and neuro-linguistic programmer since 2005. I've had a clinic in. Solana. Beach with my partner and wife.

Dr. Don. Liu where my specialty is specifically is treating physiological illness that is caused by repressed emotion right. And to do that we use a multi-disciplinary approach which includes energy work.

NLP hypnotherapy many forms of. Qigong um and we and homographic memory resolution and we've had astounding success rate with uh with our clients. So that's part of where we come from and why we're here. I've also authored well over 15 different products on various forms of human influence this is a copy of my bio from globalgurus.org and in 2020.

I was named the number one. NLP trainer of the. Year by global gurus. I've been in the top two spots in the global gurus for.

NLP and hypnosis uh since about 2017. So. I've been. I've been right.

Up there uh with the great bandler and and everybody else buy your votes not mine um and what's even cooler. I think is um what you're seeing here is a letter from the global gurus organization now this was actually this year 2022. I'll read it to you really quick because it's directly relevant to what you're going to be learning on this webinar dear. David it is with great pleasure to announce that your training program killer influence has been chosen by global peers and ranked as the number one best program in the world for.

NLP and. NLP of course stands for neuro-linguistic programming we've attached a logo for you to add to your program marketing and recommend linking the logo to the. NH or your workshop and program appears well. So if you go here you'll see that once again these are all the people that the techniques you're going to be learning for beat uh in the running based on my peers this is not something that.

I put in for. I didn't know this was a thing um. So. I'm also a lifelong martial artist.

I have a 10 degree black belt in. Okinawan. Kenpo. I have a 4-3 black belt in.

Xiaolin kuntao a. Second degree black belt in kosho. Kenpo. First degree in funkuru.

Jiu. Jitsu. I'm also a certified instructor in combat. Systema.

Cinco mono. Escrima and modern. Arnis and like. I mentioned before when.

I was talking about my clinical work. I have more energy healing credentials than. McDonald's sells hamburgers uh and. I'm currently in the process of getting even more.

So. I'm a. Reiki master teacher. I've been a.

Reiki master since before. Reiki was cool. I am a certified. Advanced product healer and chronic psychotherapist.

Advanced. DNA. Theta healing. I'm certified in the.

Banksy healing system and many many many many many many many many many many forms of. Qigong and. Chinese energetic medicine. So you may be asking.

So what what do all these things have in common pattern recognition pattern recognition is actually the way you unlock the secrets of human behavior the way you unlock the secrets of human thought and and uh how to influence people everything human beings do has a structure and a pattern to it and once you understand and can recognize those patterns you can start to use those patterns to cause people to think and act and behave and feel in very predictable ways. So what all these what does pattern recognition have to do with human influence pretty much everything guys and gals. So that being said is this class for you if you can and now. I'm gonna this is this is the questionnaire portion of our class.

So if you can answer yes. To any of the following questions just type that's for me or yes. In the chat and we'll go from there how many of you would like to be more attractive to the opposite sex and maybe even make them find you charming fascinating and irresistible yes. Type yes.

In the chat if that's something you want how many of you would like to stop being afraid how would you like to banish insecurity from your life and even radiate true confidence and assertiveness on demand what if there were a way that you could literally flip a switch and emanate a sense of certainty into a room where people just sought you out because you seem to know what the hell you're doing would that be useful how many of you by show of hands are typing that's for me would like to make more money whether it's in your current job starting a new business getting a promotion writing writing copy for your business that sucks people in and makes them want to do business with you if that's something you want. Then you're in the right. Place because everything. I'm about to share with you is directly relevant to that.

But there's more why because we're talking about humans we're talking about getting people getting inside people's heads understanding how they work and pressing buttons. So that they willingly joyfully happily do the things we want them to do is that worth knowing because for absolutely no. Charge tonight you're going to learn the master keys to doing that and. Then if you want more.

I'll show you where to go is that fair cool all right. So um all right. You guys ready to play all right. Here's your.

First free gift how many of you buy a show of hands in the chat would like to be up to 30 to 31 now let's let's let's let's make it let's make it conservative 28 to 31 percent better at everything okay. I'm gonna give you the master key to to doing it right. Now all you've got to do is install and adopt a fun easy going curious playful explorational attitude to everything you do now that particular principle that particular statistic comes from one of the most easy going happy-go-lucky uh no. Big deal kind of uh job there is it's called hostage negotiation and yes.

I was exact. I was joking hostage negotiation what the. FBI researchers and and behavioral and behavioral analysis teams discovered was that when the hostage negotiator entered into the interaction with an easy going laid-back explorational almost playful energy they were up to 31 percent more intelligent 31 percent more adaptable 31 percent more aware 31 more charismatic and what's even better which is again something that. I don't know that they expected this to happen.

But it's what they discovered was that the hostage negotiators counterpart the hostage taker was up to 31 percent more compliant think about that for a moment what if the people you met were 30 percent more agreeable to anything you wanted them to do how would your life change okay. Chris. Voss nailed a lot of this stuff now again. I have tremendous respect for.

Chris most of this. I've been teaching uh since 2006 2005. okay. Uh. So it's nice to see the the confirmation from all these different sources okay.

Um. So here's where we're going to start today it's the. First and thing the. First thing.

I want you to get is that that one principle what you need to do is everything. I'm going to teach you if you can embody if you can take on a playful curious easy going explorational attitude and energy in your body all of these techniques will will be like on stiff they'll be on steroids. Anyway. But you'll be amazingly you'll you'll actually neutralize other people's defense mechanisms.

So that the stuff is even more effective for you does that make sense one of the problems that people have when they try to influence is they get they get too invested in the process and that seriousness shuts off shuts them off from their resources you will find that the more you play and joke around with this material as you're in interacting with people the faster it goes in. But you don't got to believe me that's the beautiful part we've distilled the techniques that you're going to learn in this webinar and the systems that they come from down to core sets of mechanics there's you don't need to believe it for it to work you've just got to be willing to do it with the right. Attitude and if you do and even if you do it with the wrong attitude they have a high percentage of working okay. But when you when you wrap everything that we're going to share with you in this playful energy it's like.

Kryptonite it's it's it really. But again don't believe me um just test it and see how it goes okay. So my personal promise could someone do that with a oh absolutely yeah for those of you who were wondering uh the question in the chat was could could someone do that with a diagnosed narcissist let me tell you something. I just spent five days teaching the uh the.

Second version of killer influence which is called defense against the dark arts which is all about how to use the killer influence system to deal with con artists narcissists sociopaths machiavellians um any form of social or any type of influence. Predator you can name and how to deal with them let me explain. I'll tease you a little bit narcissists are some of the most vulnerable to this technology if you understand it okay. Narcissists are extraordinarily predictable they're extremely easy to manipulate most people who are usually under the the influence of these narcissistic predatory type people are usually very high on the neurotics the neuroticism scale which means they have an overdeveloped sense of conscience which is why they feel guilty when the.

Sun goes down too early okay. It's it's again there's some really good books that you can you can read that will explain this to you. But the bottom line is is that these narcissistic. Predators always choose highly neurotic people as their victims and the reason that these people are victim is because they're not willing to fight back even if they know what to do they don't have the will to influence and.

So when we when we started training our classes on on these defensive skills the. First thing we tell them is you've got to train your will you gotta train your sense of identity and you've got to eliminate the chinks in your armor because it's not the techniques that'll fail it's the person's willingness to use them. But number one. But assuming you have that assuming you have it narcissists are some of the easiest people in the world to manipulate.

But don't believe me develop the will and use it okay. Use the techniques. But here's my promise to you if you said yes. To any part of tonight's uh the content.

I asked about earlier my promise to you is this if you stay until the end of tonight's webinar. I'm going to share with you the fastest most powerful and ethical way to influence anyone to like love and trust and. Obey you okay. And one of the things.

I want to really stress for you right. Now is that your job even though you're going to be able to cause people to believe in you tremendously your job actually isn't about obedience or isn't about belief it's actually about compliance it's about getting people to actively do what you want them to do willingly right. You had me at obey well again obedience just kind of if you do the things that that. I'm teaching.

I'm going to teach you to do or. I've taught you to do in the past obedience is just gonna happen they just won't feel like they're being obedient they'll feel like this is all my idea and. I'm gonna get everything. I want by doing it.

So of course. I'm going to do it that's that's there that's going to be their attitude well this is just normal this is a natural thing to do right. And here's the best part you will never ever ever have to lie cheat steal or coerce anyone ever to do what you want them to do it's never necessary to do that that's one of the cool things about this system um that. I kind of inadvertently developed when.

I created it there's a lot of good people out there teaching a lot of good influence stuff. But a lot of it is derived from criminology or. FBI or military tactics where it's a win where it's a win-lose scenario and you you install these short-term thinking. States in people because you want to get them in that moment to stop thinking about the ramifications of the action and you don't care about a long-term relationship with them.

So you get these people into these short-term thinking. States and. Then throw them to the wolves and. So.

Crossing that line coercing lying uh distorting facts um these are all things that again if there's a line and this is the the dark side of it we're all over here that was. I didn't realize it until. I started hanging out with my good friend. Chase who.

I tremendously respect he studied my stuff. I've studied his. But they're a very different very distinct lines that that our systems take and it didn't. I didn't dawn me that we taught spycraft really uh.

Last year this. September would be a year since we taught that class um that that's what we had developed was a way of completely getting people to do anything you wanted them to do without ever lying or cheating or or blackmailing or any of that negative you know high pressure stuff it's it's really cool. But it was never something that. I directly thought about.

But it is something that does hold a lot of people back from exerting influence back in the killer influence manual if you opt into one of our programs you'll get the 200 plus plates manual one of the things that we talk about is all the reasons why people won't be successful with this material and one of the biggest ones is this idea this fantasy that they're doing something evil or unethical right. And. So one of the things that. I really want to kind of put out there right.

For you guys right. Away everything about the killer influence system which and. I know it's named. Killer influence it's very provocative it gets your attention.

But everything about what we're going to be doing is about moving through the world getting everything you want by helping everyone else get what they want and you'll never have to lie or cheat or steal thank you for. Jack says. I love you. I love your shared podcast with.

Chase yeah he's been after me to do spycraft again. So we might actually uh we might actually collaborate and do a a spycraft too. But that's not the topic of today's webinar. So um.

But. I honestly. I love talking about this stuff. But the more.

I talk about other stuff the less we get to the uh the actual mean. So let me go back to my promises to you. So that's that's just one of the things. I'm going to share with you um the other pieces are how to have people hanging on your every word in fact a lot of these are the same thing how to have people salivating to do what you want them to do how to control your emotions and remove resistance to your influence this is one of the coolest things about some of the protocols that we've got in the killer influence system is that we can actually in a normal conversation figure out what what exactly what exactly will make somebody want to do the thing that they just said they didn't want to do and make it seem like it's their idea it's it's a very powerful very simple protocol uh and if people want to learn it on part three of the webinar tonight.

Then. I'm happy to share that what we're going to do for the. First part of tonight's webinar is. I'm going to teach until about uh five or five ten.

Then we're gonna we're gonna segue into part two of the webinar and. I'm going to share with you the packages we put together for you people really love those and how to upgrade and level up your skills. Then when that's done we're going to circle back and we're going to pick up where we left off in part one and build on the foundations that we laid and that's going to include how to control your emotions and remove resistance your influence and the exact steps you need to go from interesting information to maximum transformation in minimum time. So this is not going to be a short webinar folks.

So. I. I really hope that you've kind of settled in for for the duration uh. I will try to keep on track as much as.

I can. But uh this is material that is worth its weight in gold it's proven itself over and over and over again and if you just come away with one or two things they can make all the difference in your world. So here's what we're going to talk about as part of that agenda we're going to talk about the secret back door into the human nervous system a system for. Unstoppable influence and maximum attention focus and concentration these are literally the most powerful words any human being can hear at any given moment and.

I'm going to explain why that's true. I'm going to teach you the secrets of emotional bonding and attraction. So that you can take the emotional hot buttons that anyone has link them to you your product or your service and have people salivating to want to work with you. I'm going to teach you and talk about the four pillars of irresistible hypnotic influence we won't have time to really go deep dive into those because each of those is a whole field of study in and of itself.

But will teach you what they are how they work together and what some of the. Dynamics of each one may be and which ones you may want to focus on as you go through our curriculums and. Finally we'll talk about how to remove resistance to your influence a little known formula for getting people to want to do the things they just told you they did not want to do. So that you can take control and get the life you want the way you want it start mastering yourself inside and out starting today does that sound like a good program for today yes.

Or yes. Okay. So what you're seeing in front of you right. Now is the diagram that started it all this is known as the.

CPI this is the core of the. CPI and killer influence systems it is known as the universal persuasion protocol. I. I developed this for myself uh in the early 90s.

I didn't teach it openly uh to anyone until probably the early 2002-2003 and. Then. I only did that to my groups in. Los.

Angeles this is an algorithm that you follow if you follow this formula you will be able to influence anyone anytime anywhere for any reason everything from the classroom to the courtroom to the bar room to the to the treatment room to the bedroom it does not matter if you're at a networking function it'll work if you're doing a zoom call it'll work if you're talking to an auditorium of 10 000 people it'll work okay. It does not matter what the situation is if humans and language are involved this will carry the day. So we're going to do a brief again each of these is you know we have whole segments in the training on this. So.

I don't have time to go into deep deep diving. But. I want you to understand if you just follow this algorithm using whatever skills you already possess you are far more likely to get your outcome okay. So the.

First thing is you never and you should probably write this down you never ever enter any persuasion situation without defining your outcome. First in other words you need to know what it is you want to accomplish before you engage with that person once you know what your outcome is you've got to get control of your own psycho-emotional. State okay. There's we divide.

State. Control into two forms you have what we call physiological. State. Control what you do with your body and your breath to access certain emotional states and we have volitional cognitive.

State. Control what you do with your mind and the and your imagination to generate. States or modulate the emotional states that you have you must do physiological. State.

Control. First and the reason for that is if your physiology is in chaos you do not have the cognit you can't access your cognitive resources. So we would spend this a ridiculous amount of time training you on how to do this and. Then what we do is we get it we move you to the.

Rapport phase report phase is about tapping into the power of another person's neurology connecting with their neurology at a deep level. So that you can transmit emotional states back and forth okay. Now if you're if you've studied classical. NLP you know that if.

I copy someone's gestures or. I copy someone's breathing. I can get. Rapport we actually divide report into three different levels of.

Rapport and each one is used for a very specific purpose once you get rapport with your subject. Then you use whatever language patterns that you have okay. So if all you know like let's say you're coming from the therapy world and the owner or from the suicide prevention world and all you know is active listening well that's what you use right. Or if you know if you're from the.

NLP world and all you know is the. Milton model oh that's what you use uh. Jennifer which state oh three levels of report yes. There are three levels there's classical we call it classical.

Rapport coherence and vibing or the the the the scientific term is actually activity level. But viving is actually the term that the seduction. Community used and it's a little bit more um all inclusive. But again we cover these in depth in killer influence.

So if you want to learn them our interaction. Mastery is actually where we talk about the vibing stuff mostly. But yeah there's. Jack there's three levels of rapport right.

Uh and. Then you use whatever language that you have now the beautiful part is certain aspects of your language about never entering oh you never enter a persuasion for. Jennifer and for those who didn't get the. First part about outcome you never enter voluntarily you never voluntarily enter into a persuasion situation without.

First defining an outcome for yourself in other words the basic question is what do. I want to what do. I want to get as a result of of doing this process of interacting with this person you have to start thinking very very goal specific in other words we don't just talk to me flapping our gums everything about what we do is to get a result okay. Now if that that result can be as simple as creating a new friend it can be as complex as talking somebody through out of a trauma right.

And all points in between. But we have to know what it is that we want to accomplish and have a reliable way of measuring if we're moving towards it or away from it because that is the single most important piece to behavioral engineering if if you don't have a way to if you don't know what you want you can't you can't. Define if you're moving towards it or not and. Then secondly if you don't have a way to measure it you don't know how to change what you do to get your outcome okay.

So that's my little blurb on on the. CPI. Universal persuasion protocol you use these three. I mean let me get my annotation stuff going on here you use these three to manage the state of the subject okay.

We have many different ways that we can utilize those those three components to manage the state. Then we're going to jump into whatever cognitive process they use that allows them to make the decision we want them to make and we're going to bond to their emotional values now if you look. Over here you notice that this whole thing is kind of set up like a. Target this is visually to tell you that everything on the outside of the circle works on anybody who can hear your voice or read your texts.

As you move towards the center of the diagram each level amplifies the levels that come before it at the center of the persuasion bullseye is what is known in. NLP as criteria and values in our systems we call it the emotional bonding checklist these are the emotional reasons that people have for everything they do these are the emotional rules that they govern their life by and if you understand what those rules are you can effectively link anything that you want to talk to them about to those those that those lists and they you will have their undivided attention and their heart will go pitter. Pat and they will actually if you do it long enough they will actually tend to do what you want simply by default okay. That's the all the power.

Just from emotional bonding and. I'm we're going to do some drills together where you get to experience the power of this for yourself within yourself does everybody understand these these six steps control your state get. Rapport use your language manage their state jump into their process. Bond their.

Criterion values you guys with me type type if uh if you if you're with me. So far type. I got it cool all right. So if you haven't written this down or you haven't taken a screenshot why the hell not.

I just gave you the roadmap for everything okay. If you combine this with a fun playful. State you get into a persuasion situation you have no. Idea how to go about influencing the.

First thing you're going to do is set an outcome the. Second thing you're going to do is control your state the. Third thing you're going to do is you is get. Rapport the fourth thing you're going to do is use your language you're going to use all that to manage the state of the subject you're going to jump into whatever processes they might be doing or needing to make that decision and you're going to link to their.

Criterion values you're going to link to their emotional triggers it's that simple right. It cuts through all the. BS for those of you doing any kind of sales would. I teach you to talk about 27 different features and hope one of them sticks you'll never have to do that again all you have to do is talk about the aspects of your product or service that directly meet their emotional bonding checklist use their words to do it and they'll automatically tend to want to buy from you it's just their own selfish enlightened self-interest.

So we're cool with this we're good yes. Type yes. If you're with me and. I know.

I'm talking fast because. I want to. I want to get as much into you as humanly possible cool the more guesses. I see the more excited.

I get the more. I teach he's extorting us all right. Uh one. Second why is that not working now hold on a.

Second. I mean you stopped sharing and. Okay. So here's our.

First drill in the chat what. I want you to do. I want you to. First thing.

I need to get a pen or a pencil a piece of paper when you've done that type got it okay. Now when you saw me advertising for this webinar promoting this webinar there were certain things certain problems in your life that you wanted to use this material to solve true not true this is our. First our. First big drill okay.

Here's what. I want you to do. I want you to write down on that page exactly what you want to be able to do as a result of the webinar tonight of being able being on the webinar and following my instructions and getting all the information what is it you want to be able to do when you've done that type done in the chat okay. Good.

French says good damn good all right. Now underneath that statement or what you want to accomplish close your eyes. From unless you're driving. Don't.

Close. Your. Eyes. If you're driving right.

But imagine for a moment that you've followed my instructions on this webinar you've gained the techniques you've gotten whatever programs. I recommended whatever and you've applied them even if it's just the techniques from tonight's webinar you've applied them and you're winning you're getting it you're getting what you came here to learn how to do. I want you to imagine what that might be like what might you see when you have it what might you hear what might you smell what might you taste because when you do that when you're that person who had can have it when you see what you see and you hear what you hear and you smell and you taste what you smell and you taste there's an amazing feeling that you get and that feeling has a name write the name down of that feeling and. Then as you live in that space write this question down what's important about that and right.

Write the answer to the question. So whatever comes up. First. I want you to write that answer out okay.

This is this is an important drill and. So. I want to make sure that we have it okay. When you're done when you've written out what's important about it type done that's level one that's the.

First level of this process okay. Good good excellent now level two assume for a moment that once you've answered what's important about imagine you've had you've got that. Next thing if you had that what's important about that. So you're going to ask that what's important about question again.

So. Jennifer says when. I'm solid. I can help others and.

Jennifer when you know you're solid when you re when you when you when you've seen all the ways that you've applied this material and you've become solid what's important about that now you don't need to type it in the chat. But that's what. I want you to think about for all of you what's important about that what's it going to do for you what's it going to allow you to experience or be able to do what's important about is the magic question and. I want you to answer it.

First impressions pay attention to the exact words that you use pay attention to the exact words that you use and when you're done when you've done that type done in the chat feeling centered okay. Good and if you're feeling centered if you had a way to do that on a consistent basis what's important about that. So once again you have three levels to this what's important about level one what's important about level two what's important about level three. I'm going to show you a template in a minute.

So you can screen capture it and practice this. But. I want you to have these answers written up for yourself and when you've got them all written out type done in the chat. So.

I know and we'll do the. Next level of the drill okay. Cool. So here's the.

Next piece. I want you to take that piece of paper if you wrote it on a piece of paper. I want you to stand up and all. I want you to do is.

I want you to hold it let me get a piece of paper really quick um this will work. I want you to hold that piece of paper up at about a 45 degree angle and. I want you to just read your answers to those three questions those three what's important about questions read them out loud five times out loud five times when you've done that type done in the chat okay. Ellen's done.

Mitchell's gone good. Philip good. Kathy. Susan.

Bill. Good. Maurice. Ernesto.

Jose good good good good all right. We're getting there all right. So what happened to the feelings in your body when you spoke those three sentences are those three answers out loud what happened type in the chat what happened peace within tingling fear okay. Shift in the brain felt powerful felt the.

Warmness in my heart how many of you noticed excellent how many of you noticed as you were writing these things you started to get emotional yes. Yes. Or yes. If you like it happen yes.

What you've just experienced for yourself is your own emotional bonding checklist in the context of learning the things on this webinar how do you feel really motivated right. Now right. This is how you can tap into your own emotional checklist your own emotional triggers and this is what you're going to learn to do with everyone you meet what if you could move through the world making everyone you interact with feel like you feel right. Now positively what would that do for you yeah lots of smiles and.

Angel faces right. You want to learn how to do this there's two techniques that we use together with this the. First one is the secret back door to the it will absolutely make you value in fact there's a part of this there's a there's a version of this we call the interview. Crusher that's used during job interviews that will have any potential employer salivating to hire you even if you're not quite even if you're not actually qualified for the job that's why you have to be careful because while it's never necessary to lie you can very much cause people to do things that are not in their best interest if you choose to cross that line it's not necessary.

But. I've had. I've had it happen many many times where people you know there was a job and. Then they went in and they just did this process and they got they there was a three interview process they got called on the way home and offered the job after the.

First interview right. Even for jobs they weren't really all that qualified for. So here's the. First set of principles we need to understand this is what drives every single human being on the planet and you just tapped into it and it's called feelings feelings nothing more than healings right.

Everything human beings do is in response to a feeling it's either a feeling they want more of or a feeling they want a whole lot less of as you go through the the techniques and the principles in this webinar and you see the pathway to getting everything on that list in front of you and more you'll rapidly realize the power of what you truly have and you'll be excited about taking every advantage to enhance and build on those levels okay. The. First part of it starts with understanding feelings everything human beings do is either feeling they want more of or a feeling they want a whole lot less of when you tap into that they become highly motivated in whatever. Direction and in the buttons that you press.

So the fastest way to do this is to use the fastest way to get anyone to do anything is to activate their body feelings the fastest way to change another person's body feelings is to change yours. First okay. You remember that. CPI model.

I told you control your state get report um use your language that whole process of getting. Rapport and and controlling your state is is a meter as a mirror neuron effect if. I'm connected with somebody and. I initiate an emotional state change in myself their mirror neurons will pick it up and reflect it now because it's being reflected the person doesn't often realize that it came from outside of them does that make sense and.

So their reticular activating system their perceptual filters shift and. So they become more predisposed to wanting to do what you want them to do okay. It just seems natural for them now um the. First technique that we're going to talk about is the echo technique how many people here have never heard of the echo technique hold on a.

Second. I am predisposed to the internet stuff's flying faster than. I can read it. I'll have to read it.

Later. Anyway um. I'm predisposed [Laughter]. Anyway um.

So. I'm getting confused. I'm getting. I'm getting uh let me turn that off the chat.

So. I don't get too distracted all right. If you have not heard of the echo technique this is the. First the.

First most powerful nuclear uh technique. I want you to have it's the simplest one and it goes like this the fastest way the most important words that any human being can hear at any given moment are the words that just came out of their mouth now you don't have to believe that for it to be true in fact. I challenge you to go out and try to get caught using this many many years ago in the early 90s when. I had my karate school in.

Coral. Springs. Florida my understanding of this technique was not near what it is today. But.

I still used it almost religiously to book. The vast majority of students for my class and that and that that process would sound an awful lot like rain good afternoon. Coral. Springs martial arts academy this is.

David how can. I help you hi. David my name is. Brenda and.

I'm. I'm looking for. I'm interested in karate lessons for my 10 year old son. Josh oh hey.

Brenda. So you're you're interested in karate lessons for your 10 year old son. Josh yeah and don't don't laugh it's sound they'll do that you'll say exactly what came out of their mouth and they'll say it's like oh my. God how did you know it's weird.

But yeah yeah. I'm looking. I'm really um concerned that you know my son is is very intelligent he's a sweet kid uh and he's really smart in fact he's. So smart that uh his his teachers have moved him up a grade and.

I'm a little concerned because the kids are a bit bigger than him and uh you know. I heard that that martial arts was a good way to to develop confidence and focus and to kind of protect yourself from bullies oh. I see. So.

Josh is a really sweet kid he's very smart. So smart in fact that his teachers moved to. Mumba grade and if. I if.

I hear you correctly you're concerned that uh the bigger kids might pick on him and you would heard that martial arts was a way to develop confidence and self-esteem and focus and a good way to deal with to protect yourself against boys yeah. David is it do you think this is something that would help. Josh you know. Bernice.

I think this would absolutely help. Josh in fact one of the things that we know for a fact is that for for centuries martial arts has been a a proven way to help young children develop focus and confidence and the ability to protect themselves against bullies um in all walks of life really and. I think as you as you go through our program as. Josh you know gets further and further into our program you'll start to see the benefits of that you'll start to realize that he's moving through the world with more confidence more self-esteem he's able to to carry himself in a way that takes him off the bully's menu.

So to speak and you'll find. I think that. Josh is really just a happier healthier more more focused and confident kid as a byproduct of coming to uh coming to our classes wow. David that sounds amazing uh well can you tell me more about your program sure the best thing to do is let me tell you a little bit about our programs the best thing to do is to bring.

Josh in and let him experience the class for himself we have special programs just for kids who are brand new like. Josh who's 10 years in in the 10 year old range to help them develop more confidence and skill and focus and give them some basic self-defense it's a it's a it's two free group lessons in one private class and it comes with a free uniform and. I have a uh. I have a slot today at 5 30.

But. I also have one tomorrow at 6 00 p.m which do you think would be the better fit for you and. Josh let me think um you know what let's let's let's do it tomorrow at six because they're not gonna you can eat his dinner and get his homework done and. Then he can just come in and uh and and if he likes it.

Then we'll we'll we'll see what we wanted. Next excellent. I'm gonna put you and. Josh down for tomorrow at 6 p.m and we'll see you.

Then you have a great day click nine out of ten of them showed up okay. Now how much of what. I said was original assuming that. I'm playing you know.

I'm two different people how much of what. I said came out of. Bernice's mouth oh he's asking questions 10 was mine yeah the rest was what. Bernice is because when somebody calls you and they start talking to you about their needs they don't want to hear what you have to say they want to hear you say what they just said in a way that lets them know you can give it to them okay.

This is and again you can believe this or not it doesn't really matter to me all right. I. I've written my own ticket in life using this technique and thousands of people on this on these channels are doing the same thing every day you don't got to believe it you just gotta do it in fact if you've used the echo technique successfully more than once type it in the chat just. So people can see right.

It is literally it is literally the the the back door to the human nervous system and even in our advanced classes people are amazed at what this thing can do. But let me give you just a brief rundown of all the things that are possible using the echo technique okay. First and foremost this is the fastest way to get anybody to pay attention to you okay. It literally forces a person's neurology to pay attention to you to the exclusion of everything else it eliminates the problem of small talk and eliminates boring conversations how many of you hate small talk or when you you see someone interesting and you want to talk to them you have absolutely no.

Idea what to say right. What if what if you could say a few words and. Then have them carry on the rest of the conversation and tell you everything you ever want to know about them and like love and trust you the longer they talk that is the side effect the byproduct of using the echo technique with people it primes your target to keep talking and it gives you and give you more and more and more information and you have they will by the way they will think you are the most fascinating conversationalist they've ever met and 80 or more of what you said is what just came out of their mouth okay. Don't believe me just use it okay.

It will it will. Prime people to keep talking give you more information it will send powerful signals of sameness to. The. Listener and it will cause them to become progressively more connected attracted and positively disposed towards you right.

It makes the listener feel heard understood accepted we call that validation and the byproduct of that is it raises your social status in the minds of the listener okay. I don't understand what that question is. FJ. I don't know um.

So. I'll come back to it. So and it's really simple when. I train my students how to do it the.

First thing we learn is how to do it verbatim okay. Just use as many of the words that came out of their mouth and as close to the way they used it as humanly possible okay. Then you can. Then you can hide those same words in statements in the forms of questions in the forms of commands and you can also use them in fragments you can use pieces right.

And again there's here's a whole again we don't have time to do this right. Now. But this is part of what my. Advanced students in the killer influence students would be getting.

So this is the. First technique and it's built into the. Next technique that we just you just experienced which was the emotional bonding checklist. So the emotional bonding checklist allows you to to reach into somebody's heart and emotionally connect them to you your product or your service and literally makes them want to do what you want them to do okay.

Now you can you can simply talk about those things or you can find ways to embody them which again we'll talk about um in the killer influence live training or in the actual programs the emotional bonding checklist relates to a category of beliefs in. NLP known as. Criterion values okay. Here's the most important piece to take away from this people have emotional have personal and unique emotional bonding checklists for every decision they make and every action that they take now what does this really mean for us what it means is they have a set of rules that.

Define the perfect or ideal anything okay. Now when those rules are met they go into a profound desire and pleasure state connected to you for your service that's how it works and they give that feeling a name right. Now some people might call it security some people might call it. Freedom some people might call it.

Bliss or peace doesn't really matter right. Right. Yes. It um.

John. David is teaching you how to pay attention you got it one of the byproducts and the side effects of using the echo technique on a consistent basis is it will train you to pay deeper levels of attention to everyone you interact with and the one thing that you need for those of you who have an energetic or metaphysical background even if you don't this is something you should write down where attention flows energy goes right. You've all you've all encountered the proverbial uh energy vampire right. You know these people you walk up and all they do is monopolize your attention they monopolize your time and when you leave you feel like a dried up prune inside why because.

Then because by grabbing and holding your attention they can suck the energy out of you. But the inverse is also true when you beam attention at other people the bonding and the think of it all plants follow the sun when you start giving attention to people and you give it to them in a way that they can actually consume it and recognize it they bond to you they don't want to give it up because no. One has ever made them feel that good that quickly right. You've all met people right.

Who just made you feel good for no. Freaking reason maybe you are a kid in elementary school maybe it was. High. School they were just people that just lit you up the minute they walked in the room right.

I'm teaching you how to be that person be the person that lights people up. But understand the underlying mechanism where attention goes energy flows now your job once you've got that is to give people the attention they need in the way that they most easily can process it and that is by using their exact words when you use their exact words there's a perfect message to internal motivation list match there's no. Possibility of being misunderstood or mistranslated okay. When you connect that to the emotional bonding checklist now not only are you you're giving them the words they need and the older they need to hear them you're passing through every single filter that they have and playing a song on the strings of their heart that links what they want to what you offer does that make sense if it makes sense and you're with me.

So far type it in the chat. I am right. I don't know what. I don't know what that means okay.

So let's go back to the the screenshot really quick. So here's what. I'm going to give you guys right. Now uh a template for using emotional bonding now this is called you notice it says through the emotional motivation checklist and the emotional bonding checklist it's the same thing the difference is you can't see the shot can anybody else not see it okay.

So. First thing you want to do let me let me get this out of the way. So all right. So the.

First thing you're going to ask is what do you want and you're going to answer that question. So maybe you want to make more money right. Then you want to ask the question what's it going to do for you. So that's the.

First piece how many people can see my stuff. I'm just. I want to make sure because it might just be with you. Jennifer.

I don't know okay. Kathy can. Alex can okay. All right.

Good okay. So you always want to find out what do you want there's a there's always going to be that initial question. So and that question can come in any form of sex. So what can.

I do for you today or how can. I help you or. But the bottom line is what is it that you want that's where you enter the. Next thing is going to be what's it going to do for you or what's important about it okay.

What's important about. X let me see if. I can find a better template because this one might not be quite as clear as. I like um here we go there we go all right.

Take a screenshot of this one this gives you the literal tree that. I want you to follow see what what's important about getting or having it what's it going to do for you write your answer what's important about that write the answer what's important about that what's that going to do for you ultimately what's important about that write your answer now notice it's the same question repeated three times applied to the previous answer when you do this on yourself when you do this on yourself we call it the emotional motivation checklist when you do it with others we call it the emotional bonding checklist it's the same process with this process you can literally reach into a person's psyche find out what their rules are for what defines the perfect anything and we're using their exact words link it directly to you your product or your service okay. And right. Below here you'll see exactly the drill we did earlier if you got the tools you wanted to learn from this webinar what would that do for you right.

You. Echo you validate you soften you ask again that's called the master. Echo sequence we didn't have time to talk about it in this class. But we've talked about it in other webinars and other trainings and you'll definitely learn it when you take killer influence.

So the whole idea for you. I wanted. I did this drill with you for two reasons a. I wanted you to link everything that you want to get to following the instructions in this webinar.

I'll be very transparent. I want you to get these systems. I want you to have access to this material. But.

I want you to find it as directly relevant to what you're doing yeah yeah values elicitation. NLP yes. The problem is is it's the that one process that one super solid gold nugget is buried in 10 tons of crap um and. So people never really realized what they had.

So this is the core of what we do all right. So have you taken a screenshot of this have you guys can we move on. Salah says you can raid anyone's soul with this yes. Yes.

You can. I'm not gonna lie to you this is why. I say. I'm not a personal.

Asian cop. But let me let me give you guys a couple of um caveats and rules of thumb. First of all the whole idea behind using the emotional bonding checklist is to find out exactly what somebody wants for the purpose of actually being able to give it to them when. I say you can move through the world getting anything you want by showing other people how to get what they want this is the process that will let you do that right.

Now every now and. Then by the way he said. Has. This.

Been useful. So far have you guys learned some cool stuff okay. Good excellent part of this process and by the way if you use this properly you'll never have to sell to anyone you just find out what they want to buy and you talk about only those things okay. But part of the process is finding out what it is they really want and how they know they're getting it now if during that process you make the determination that what you have isn't a fit for what they need you're now at an ethical.

Crossroads here's what. I mean because you know exactly what to say and how to say it you could mislead them and they will buy. However when they discover that you have used their values against them you will have an enemy for life you will have massive buyer's remorse you will have all kinds of horrible scathing. Yelp reviews these people because you've violated the deepest core of their trust they will move.

Heaven and. Earth to get. Payback okay. I'm just going to let you know these are when you violate somebody's values that's a pain that sticks.

So if you got somebody that's in your life that you want to get rid of. I also gave you the master key for getting rid of them violate their values they'll leave they'll leave like a rock. However because we are the good. Jedi because it's never necessary to lie or coerce or deceive to get what you want when you may if you're in a situation when you make the determination that you cannot fulfill that need all you have to do is tell them that and say look.

Based on what you're telling me what. I have is not a fit for you at this time. So. I recommend you go see this person or that person or go talk to.

XYZ company because. I think what they have is a better fit for you now it seems like you're giving away business let me tell you what actually happens. I call it social boomeranging because you were absolutely honest with this person there's their their your social status your level of. Integrity in their world goes through the ceiling and.

So what happens on the back end is as they take your recommendations they will start recommending and referring people to you hand over fist and they will look. For a reason to work with you in the future. So if you could put the whole instant gratification thing get it now or it may not come back tomorrow thing out of your head and control your state and you do this properly you will have business upon business upon business they'll just keep finding you because those people will tell people and if they and if you keep doing this it starts to exponentially grow is that helpful type in the chat excellent. So here's what.

I'd like to do we've reached part two of the webinar we've laid some foundations for you in the part one what. I'd like to do now is. I'd like that the pieces. I've shared with you are absolutely nuclear they can stand on their own.

But they're part of a complete system that we teach and we have supplemental systems that go with that that primary system. So with your permission if this is the scope of everything that there is to learn we have time for this much. I want to show you how to take your skills to the. Next level if that's okay.

With you is that a fair trade can we spend some time talking about how to go even higher and. Then. Circle back and pick up where we left off cool all right. So without further ado let's talk about how to take your stuff to the.

Next level with your permission. I'd like to talk to you about one of my favorite programs or combination programs of all time this is called the secrets of human influence. Ultra persuasion. Mastery home study course this is actually not one course.

But a series of courses that. I've put together to help you learn the secrets of human influence for any reason you want from the privacy of your own home. So there's a. Core.

Curriculum and. Then there are supplements that we've put together to help you really get the biggest bang for your persuasion. But. So what we're going to talk about.

First is all about everything you want from living in society it's all about making more money closing more deals helping more people getting more dates feeling more confident and powerful and literally like. I mentioned earlier winning the game of life because when you live in a society the only way you survive and thrive in a society is to move through the world getting people to want to do the things you want them to do this is the fast track to doing that in the most ethical honest and. Powerful way it'll allow you to instantly become more. Charming charismatic and ultimately irresistible this offer does expire today.

September 7th at 11 59. PM. But don't worry each of the products are available on our website most of them are available on our website at full price and it's worth it if you want to do that. So here's what you're going to get it's a 17 video course that teaches you the seven stage.

Universal persuasion protocol that's that. Target diagram that. I started with that gives you the core system of influence right. We're going to teach you even deeper levels of that we're going to teach you how to think like a master of influence it's a 297 value you see masters of influence masters of persuasion in fact.

I just did a module on this uh. Last night of my my coaching program masters of persuasion and influence think differently than the average human being okay. Remember earlier. I mentioned that everything you you don't talk to people just to be talking everything about your communication is to give you a result we're going to teach you step by step how to install that thinking process in your mind.

So you can move through the world getting everything you want by helping everybody else get what they want it's a 297 value we're going to teach you how to control your own psycho emotional state. So no. One can push your emotional buttons ever again we'll teach you how to go generic powerful emotional states that you can. Then transfer through your.

Rapport skills into other human beings that makes them think the way you want them to think and think it's their idea it's a 297 value. Then we're going to teach you power. Rapport skills now in our world we divide the skills of. Rapport into three different types or categories of.

Rapport and each one is used for a different set of applications if you've been through. NLP or. Eric stoning hypnosis or sales you were taught what we call classical report classical. Rapport only gets you frequency it only gives you the wavelength the person is on it doesn't give you emotional amplitude it doesn't amplify the strength of the signal you're sending out it doesn't cut through the noise between you and the communication in the communication lines between you and these other people and it doesn't generate attraction it generates connection or a general it'll put you in the friend zone now a lot of times being in the friend zone is useful.

But a lot of times it isn't there's you sometimes want a little bit more juice and that's where the other two levels of connection or. Rapport that we talked about earlier come in we're going to teach you all three it's a 297 value. Then we're going to teach you the seven most irresistible hypnotic language patterns that exist okay. One language.

But what let me ask you a question. I want you to imagine this for a moment what if you had the hypnotic power the magical ability to make anything you want seem to cause anything you want in the minds of your listener would that be a useful skill to have we're going to show you how to do that what if you have the ability to make anything you want mean anything you want in the minds of your subject what could you do with that what if you had the ability to systematically redirect subliminally a person's focus of attention. So that they automatically focused only on the things you wanted and ignored everything else and you could literally automate processes in their mind that would run on autopilot and have them respond to it as if it's their own idea that's all that's three language patterns there's seven what if you had the ability to make a person's internal mind movies be exactly what you describe without zero chance of failure or mistranslation what could you do with that that's only four of the seven language patterns that we're going to teach you and that doesn't include the echo technique okay. There are seven of the most powerful language patterns that exist they are such fundamental building blocks of your neurology that you cannot use them and you cannot listen to them without being affected by them they control everything and if you understand these.

Then everything you say and right. Becomes an irresistibly compelling pleasurable hypnotic induction okay. And becomes. Ultra charismatic really really quickly okay.

From there we're going to teach you how to take all of those skills and strategically manage the emotional states of other people. So that people think in the directions you want them to think they process and and and reference their own emotional states the way you want them to and. Then we're going to teach you. Finally how to emotionally bond to anyone's deepest desires.

So they literally want to do what you want them to do and in many cases especially in a sales context they'll literally ask you to buy it each of these is a 297 value. But if you think about what it lets you actually do it's really priceless we're also going to include the 200 plus page killer influence mind control. Manifesto now this particular manual has the entire seven or six stage. Universal persuasion protocol in it.

But it also covers five to six different other types of influence that have nothing to do with language that you can use to amplify and magnify everything in the. Universal persuasion protocol one of those modules is known as proxemic hypnotic operators this is the way to use spatial relationships in the room between you and other people to psychologically position yourself in their minds. So they automatically think about you in the most positive way possible for example. I'll give you one or two quick examples if.

I stand on a person's dominant side they will tend to view me more positively than if. I stand on their non-dominant side if. I position myself below eye level they will feel more comfortable with me than if. I'm standing at or above eye level.

So different ways that you can place yourself and utilize the spatial relationships for you and other people that can significantly modify what you do with your words. I'll give you one more real quick just where you sit at a conference table can systematically amplify your. Authority or a completely neutralize it and make you the low man on our low woman on the totem pole. So if you ever find yourself in meetings where you have to be taken seriously where you have to to win knowing these positions could be the difference between getting what you want or getting thrown out of the meeting okay.

Are completely ignored that's just one that's proxemic hypnotic operators we're going to talk about meta programs we talked these are filters to your perception that when you present things to people in specific ways they automatically process and do predictable things. Then we have social hypnotic operators these are triggers that society and culture have programmed into you that the minute. Society presses a button you just do it you all know you've all heard about the scarcity you've all heard about reciprocity. I'm going to show you what they are how they work how to do it and how to inoculate yourself.

So that nobody can push your buttons using those triggers without your permission ever again we're going to talk about cold reading and facing this is how you develop powerful personality profiles that tell you what types of influence are going to have the biggest bang for your buck uh with a particular subject and how to talk to them. So that they view you as the ultimate. Authority in their world that's all those are all the appendixes there's a few more lie detection is part of it. I mean there's like five or six different appendixes in this manual on top of everything that.

I've listed here. So it's a 418 value and it's going to come with access to a special online community over 210 people that. I'll talk about in a minute total price for this if you were to try and buy it would be 2 497 dollars. But we're gonna bundle some really cool things along with this to make this an even more powerful and comprehensive package for you.

So if you grab your course today you're going to get these special exclusive bonuses and the. First one is one of my uh this is one of my most challenging courses right. As. Weapons of mass mass instruction you know for 20 30 years when.

I was. I was coming up through the ranks and. I was studying. Eric.

Sony hypnosis. I was studying sales and marketing and. I was studying. NLP everybody would tell me how powerful stories are and every time.

I tried to learn how to do stories to be hypnotically irresistible. I got met with the same tired old stuff that. I couldn't understand it did. I did.

I didn't understand how how to get it to work and after going through yet another course on storytelling that this basically taught me the hero's journey. I realized if there was a course that. I that. I wanted to take on how to neurologically persuade people using stories.

I was going to have to create it and that's what weapons of mass destruction is all about after studying the. Neuroscience the social psychology and all the other sources that went into this program. I can tell you without being a shadow of a doubt that storytelling is by far the most powerful most universal persuasion tool that we have it's. So powerful in fact that the entire course of human history has been based and changed by it.

But there are stories are never actually perceived as a means of persuasion and influence it actually changes people's minds in the background. So this course is divided into five or six different types of stories the. First one is what we is the science behind storytelling why it works neurologically the elements that have to be in it and how to tell power the type the five types or six types of stories that you absolutely have to tell. Then it's going to talk about how to use stories to connect with people these are little short stories that you could tell in online at.

Starbucks and the line in the movie theater where maybe you don't want to make small talk. But you want to bond with people and these stories have that ability to do that the. Next module is all about what we call. Alpha stories.

Alpha stories are all about how to use stories to persuade people more powerfully in in the. Amplified push to your persuasion. So you can use these for this is these are people used in leadership motivation inspiration um redirection reframing things. But they're very powerful let me explain let me see if.

I can show you the difference because probably the best way to understand this is by contrast think of alpha stories which are persuasion pushes if. I have this big heavy filing cabinet that. I want to look. That.

I want to move. I get behind it and. I get some friends and. I push really really hard that's what most sales stories or seduction stories are they're.

Alpha stories there are stories that are designed to make people want something more okay. And. So those are the stories that most people learn. But there's another kind of story they're called.

Omega stories. Omega stories are different. Alpha stories have add more push to the persuasion engine right. So if.

I have this big heavy filing cabinet if. I get enough strength behind it. I can push it. But there's friction it's going to drag on the floor.

Omega stories have the ability to reduce the pers the the resistance to persuasion. So think about having this big heavy filing cabinet that. I've got six guys helping me push across the floor or. I can take some ball bearings or.

I can take some oil and. I could spread it on the floor in front of that file cabinet and now as. I push it it's really easy to move that's what. Omega stories do and there are key elements within.

Omega stories that dissolve and neutralize and make your stories irresistibly compelling there's two elements that go into that and a whole series of sub elements that you can actually use with focus groups and test audiences to pressure test your stories to figure out if they are as neurologically compelling as you need them to be that's all part of the. Omega story module the. Next module in the series is called ninja stories and ninja stars are kind of what people in. NLP and.

Erickson hypnosis think they're doing. But don't really understand the full scope of what's possible and. So this is about using stories as a delivery mechanism for other persuasion techniques. I call.

I used what. I call the. Terminator matter how many people here remember movie the original movie. The.

Terminator type in the chat if you remember that okay. So you guys remember that the. Terminator was a machine right. But machines couldn't pass through that membrane between the times.

So what did they do they had to wrap it in human tissue right. They had to wrap it in something. So it would pass through that aperture that's exactly how stories work in the human consciousness within the bubble of a story human beings automatically go into a trance state. But you could embed within that story just like the.

Terminators wrapped in human tissue you can embed up to 14 different types of techniques inside of a story that can dramatically amplify and and navigate the influence that you want to to deploy and. So one of the things that we do in that particular module is we show you what that kind of influence actually looks like when it's used by real people in the real world in other words we take transcripts a very high level influence professionals people who are not teaching. NLP or hypnosis or conversational gnosis. But are using it within their stories and as part of their pre their stage presentations to get people stampeding to the back of the room right.

Or to install things in people. I'm going to show you how it works all the different techniques that can go into it and how other people are using it. So you can a inoculate yourself against it you can become aware of it. But also if you're somebody who makes their living presenting to humans and you want to be able to help them learn faster motivate and.

Inspire them you can use these techniques to ethically have them level up with you right. That's what weapons of mass instruction is all about it's about the. Neuroscience of. Storytelling and metaphor the different categories of story and how to do and build each particular type.

So you can understand okay. So that's that's a free bonus that we're giving to you just if for grabbing a hold of uh the package we're talking about tonight um let me go back to sharing my screen really quick it's a 1997 value we're going to give it to you free. So the combined value of uh the actual uh secrets of human influence program plus this one bonus is 4 487 bucks if you register now before the end of the webinar right. We're also going to throw in one of the most powerful covert conversational belief changing tools.

I have ever come across this program is called. Renegade reframing and it's how to overcome any objection or change any belief in seconds stop for a moment and think about this if you could what if you had the ability what if you had 14 different ways to overcome any limiting belief in your head or in other people's heads or win any argument or overcome any objection that you're facing what if you had at least 14 different ways that you could individually change it in a few seconds before you even started combining them what could you do with a power like that. I'm curious what would you be able to do with that do you think do you think you get more of what you want. I'm getting a message that some people aren't uh yeah right.

That's what this is this is based on a series of language patterns used by. Richard bandler and codified by a man named. Robert dilts that. Richard would regularly use he one of the things that.

Richard bandler the founder of one of the founders of. NLP would do is he would teach the meta model and he would teach all these other techniques to his practitioners and. Then he would challenge them to try and overcome or change his beliefs using the tools he just taught him and. Richard would use these 14 different patterns to completely wipe the floor with trained neuro-linguistic programmers and.

So uh one of. Richard's oldest students. Robert dilts after watching this several times started identifying and isolating the patterns and the problem with with a lot of old school. NLP is it's really not user friendly uh.

I. I make a joke as much as. I love. NLP um.

I often make the joke that to air is human to really complicate things you need a neuro-linguistic programmer and. So the problem that a lot of people had with this particular material was that it wasn't taught in a way that people could grab a hold of it and actually start using it. So. I got my hands on this and.

I said okay. Well how can we make this fun how can we gamify this all right. And. So what we did was we created templates for each of the patterns with some samples and how to build a pattern an attitude that goes with each of the patterns and.

Then we created a card game we call it the reframe game where you literally you have like five or six people you can make a drinking game out of it if you want you literally uh point at someone name a belief and throw a card at them and they have to use that pattern to overcome or reframe that belief and you can just play games and get super good at this in in just a couple hours and just have this on demand anytime you want. So we include all of that plus the manual with this course as a free bonus when you grab the secrets of human influence home study course it's a way to round out you're training because you really only need this stuff if you screw up level one which is the universal persuasion protocol. But if you just if you have limiting beliefs or things that hold you back if you write down your limiting belief and. Then use these 14 patterns what will happen is your brain will literally let go of that belief because now it has at least 14 other options of how to think about it and.

I'll and you can't go back to the old way of thinking. So as a personal transformation tool it's amazing. But it also gives you the skill to win any argument overcome any sales objection and change any belief anybody presents to you that's what it does it honestly it is it is crazy. But there's other things that it does as well that.

I can't talk about on a public webinar. But believe me when. I say these things are again you will become. Unstoppable right.

Now the only thing that. I recommend is when you get this package you start applying the techniques and the concepts don't go broadcasting to everybody what you're doing it's okay. To talk about this stuff. But only talk about it to people who you think would benefit from having the information because if you move through the world telling everybody what you know and bragging about it you've just shot yourself in the foot right.

People are automatically suspicious of any form of persuasion no. Matter how benevolent it may seem. So don't you avoid shooting yourself in the foot keep these things to yourself share it only with select people. But use it on everyone to move through the world making everyone you want more empowered happy more joyful and getting everything they want by giving you what you want okay.

Yeah again take that advice or not it's up to you it's a 1997 value we're going to give it to you absolutely free okay. Total combined value is six thousand four hundred eighty four dollars when you register before the end of the webinar okay. Third bonus this is the one that um was actually the very the. Third influence course.

I ever created this is the one that. I. I learned um from many different people and put it together mostly for myself. Then.

I started teaching it to my students this is charisma and conversion hypnotic presentation skills for presenters and public speakers this is a complete course in charismatic influence everything from how to design a talk that's subliminally hypnotically and enthusiastically primes people to want your product or service to install the information that you want to teach at the deepest level and to create stampedes of people rushing to the back of the room to level up with you okay. These are all the things that. I. I do these are all the things that.

I teach my persuasion and influence students who who make a living through presentation. I was very proud this year to have almost 10 of my students actually selected as presenters for the they had no. Thoughts life hypnosis convention that once once the the people who run the convention found out they had been trained by me they were automatically. I don't want to say they were automatically accepted.

But. I don't know of any single one of my people who applied that wasn't. So. I had a very big proud papa and they all got rave reviews um from their presenters right.

It really was it was and and. I. I could talk. I could dish on my students for hours.

I'm super proud of all of them because they they proved this more than. I do you expect me to be on be good you expect me to be good at it and you expect me to have an agenda when. I present it they're the ones that prove this stuff by going out and just doing it right. This will teach you everything you need to know how to stand on stage how to hold a microphone how to design a talk on paper that subliminally hypnotically motivates and primes people to do what you want them to do how to do back of the room sales how to take and repurpose that content for your blog for your.

Instagram post your. Tick. Tock. Channel your.

YouTube how to leverage meetup.com to create hundreds of hours of free content that you can get a repurpose and use it's all in one big bundle we're going to give it to you free it's a 1997 value uh total combined value on the package. So far should you decide to accept it is eight thousand four hundred eighty one dollars if you grab yours before the end of the webinar. So let's just review what we've talked about. So far again when people come to me to learn.

I always say get your asses to the live event and. Then use the videos as your supplement. But some people can't get to the. Live.

Events and. So when faced with that conundrum my question was how can. I create a program that will do all the things. I can do for people in a live event from home what what course what's the core course that they need what are the supplementations that they need and this is what we put together.

So you're going to get the secrets of human influence package it's a 17 video seven stage. Universal persuasion protocol and the. Unstoppable killer influence mind control manifestation manual it's a 2497 dollar value you go to http colon backslash www.killerinfluence dot com forward slash go um it's 2 497. Value.

Plus the manual you're also going to get the weapons of mass instruction neuroscientific storytelling. Secrets recorded live comes with a manual as well it's a 1997 value you're going to get. Renegade reframing how to instantly overcome any and or change any objection in conversation in seconds 1997 value we're gonna give it to you free and you're gonna get. Charisma and conversion hypnotic presentation skills for presenters and public speakers is a 1997 value all combined total value on this program is eight thousand four hundred and eighty one dollars and the best part is you're not going to have to pay 8 481 today.

I want you to have these skills. I want you to have the best deal humanly possible. I want you to have everything you need to go out into the world and create your ideal life to do that you're not going to have to pay eight thousand four hundred eighty one dollars you're not we're not even going to drop it down to six hundred six thousand four hundred and eighty one dollars we're not going to charge you five thousand three hundred forty seven we're not going to charge you 33.47 we're not going to charge you 23.47 heck you can get it all every single thing. I've talked about the universal persuasion protocol the met the.

Mind. Control manifestation manual the uh. Renegade reframing and how to change any belief in normal conversation. Charisma and conversion and of course uh.

Weapons of. Mass instruction get it all for one low investment it's just 9.97. and if you need a little help all you need to do is go to w or you can break that up into three easy installments of just 397 and to grab yours now which. I recommend because they go quick it's gonna the link in your chat www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go www.killerinfluence.com forward slash g o killerinfluence.com forward slash. Geo uh mm says using only the free stuff.

David shares. I got my practice as a therapist to an incredible level that is fantastic. I love hearing that thank you. So much for sharing all right.

Go to w to get started go to www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go okay. Now some of you especially if you're. First timers maybe went well that's a it's still a sizable investment. I don't know if.

I'm if. I'm ready for the risk well there is no. Risk all you have to do is take a like grab your course today at www.killerinfluence.com material play with it take it out into the out into the world and see what happens for a full 60 days if after 60 days you're not on the fast track to making more money to closing more deals to moving towards. Financial.

Freedom feeling more secure more confident more socially attractive and comfortable if you're not a hundred percent satisfied just pick up the phone send us an email and we'll refund your money if this course doesn't deliver more than what. I'm talking about and you're not satisfied you have absolutely nothing to risk pick up the phone within 60 days give us a call if you have sticky points call us. Anyway and let us know. So we can help you right.

Give us 60 days to get you up and running and on. The. Fast. Track and if after 60 days it's not it's not doing what we need it to do let us know we'll make it right.

Okay. 60 day 100 money back guarantee. So go to all you got to do to get yours is go to www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go that's www .killerinfluence.com forward slash. Geo.

I mean um. Brandon can you post that in the chat all right. Here. I'll copy the link here oops that's not what.

I wanted. But that's all right. Okay. I'll list the.

Brandon handle that because. I'm obviously not equipped to uh to do links all right. Um. So yeah really excited um.

I'm excited for you actually because. I'm telling you this stuff will completely change your life awesome uh let me put this in the chat once again it's. HTTP colon backslash www.tillerinfluence.com and. I'm just actually just cutting and pasting it.

So. I can keep posting it for people because inevitably people ask for it all right. My trusty assistant. Brandon is.

Manning the. YouTube channels and if you have any questions my amazing all-powerful administrative. God is. Stephanie.

Scala who is also on the call her line is open if you need help you have questions you can just email her directly at. Stephanie nlppower.com or you can call her directly at 858-282-4663 that's 858 -282-4663 now when you call you may get her voicemail that's because the floodgates have opened and people are calling left and right. Here's what you need to do you must leave a message and your contact information if you don't leave your contact information we can't call you back and you don't qualify for the bonuses if you do leave your contact information and we call you back you will qualify for any of the bonuses we talked about and if there are more hint you will also get those as well. But only if you call and you leave us your contact information if you know you want this and you know it'll change your life you realize you have absolutely nothing to risk click that link go to www.killerinfluence.com forward slash.

Geo and get on the fast track to getting everything you want from the society we live in okay. Now if this wasn't an amazing enough deal already for those of you who are the fast action takers and you know who you are. I have some special offers or some special extra bonuses just for you if you grab your course before. September 7th 2022 at 11 59.

PM that's today 11 59. PM. Pacific. I'm going to give you the following special bonuses now here's the thing the bonuses.

I'm about to tell you about are only good are only available while. I am physically on the webinar right. Now the moment. I log off the webinar for the night these bonuses go away okay.

So you can still get the original package that. I talked about. But if you're a fast action taker. I want to give you.

I want to reward you here's for one of the. First rules of influence you'll learn in killer influence the behavior that gets rewarded gets repeated the behavior that gets repeated gets reinforced okay. I'm repeating and. I'm reinforcing your behavior because.

I want you to be action takers in life not just on tonight's webinar. But everywhere there's tremendous tremendous power in going. First check double check your email reach out to. Stephanie sometimes it goes to spam option.

So you get these fast action bonuses hey one of the most important things that you can have in your corner when you begin to practice these skills is people to practice with. So what you're going to get as a special bonus to take your skills to another level is you're going to get a three-month trial membership to our. NLP power. Mastermind mentoring.

Practice. Group okay. This is a group that meets on the. Third.

Saturday of every month and in that group in that group. I literally go around the room and. I say what do you want to learn today. Deborah what do you want to learn today.

Chris what do you want to learn today. Holly what do you want to learn today. Allegro what do you want to learn today. Lillian and.

I write it on my screen and. I look. At where all those things connect and. I create a lesson plan on the spot and for the.

Next three hours four hours five hours. However long it is from 11 to 4 pm we drill you on those skills until you can do them in your sleep you won't get a certificate from the. NLP power. Mastermind mentoring program what you will get is access to me a tremendous community of people who want nothing more than to practice and get better at this stuff and to get all of your exact sticking points and questions answered we this is the longest running skill building program of its kind we began it in.

October of 2010. So this coming. October it'll. I think it'll be 12 years that we've been running this program right.

And we what we have done is we have videotaped every single session and archive them on the. NLP power website our private. Facebook. Group our diamond and platinum level.

YouTube channel as a member of the. NLP hour. Mastermind mentoring program you get unlimited access for 90 days to every single video in that 10-year archive everything from dating and attraction to the. Law of.

Attraction and manifestation trauma and regression work uh how to write copy how to use hypnotic language. NLP belief change uh. Reiki. Med you name it accelerated learning memory retention you get access to all of it stuff that's never seen a light of day on our.

YouTube channel or in any product or service you can binge watch it to your heart's content if after 90 days you don't think it was worth it just let. Stephanie know we'll remove you from the group nothing if after 90 days you realize that the people are even more amazing than. I'm describing and you really love it let us know we'll show you how to you can. Pro extend your membership and get an ongoing access to an amazing community of well over 300 people who all want the same things you want to do the drills to get the skills and have people that they can actually talk to about this stuff plus you get the access to me right.

So if you look. At everything that you get from that alone right. You're looking at a 1597 value. But we're going to give it to you free why because this is this thing this is the difference that makes the difference it's not buying the course by itself that makes you good it's having people to practice with and getting feedback from that takes you from access to the information which is what you get when you buy the course to ownership which is what you get by actually doing the drills to get the skills and once you have these skills it's something no.

One can ever take away from you and they will serve you everywhere and every time you choose to use them. But like. I said before you have to have the will to influence you have to be willing to actually use these skills and if you have that you can write your ticket in this life and. I'm going to help you do it it's a ten thousand seventy eight dollar value.

But we're not stopping there you're also going to get because. I know a lot of you want to get started fast you don't want to take six months or even 60 days to to get good at something you want to be good now and that's what this. Next course will do for you this is my stealth instant conversational hypnosis crash course. I have taken the key language patterns from the the original system distilled them down to a two sets of videos that will install these language patterns in you can literally watch these two videos do some drills and be able to hypnotize people tonight.

But not only does it come with the the seven key language patterns it's going to teach you the three magic questions protocol which allows you to go from stranger to intimacy boarding bordering on love in as little as 20 minutes it's going to teach you how to do instant and. Rapid inductions it's going to teach you um how to use hypnotic anchors to get people to go into certain. States on demand and much much more it comes with men it comes with transcripts it comes with manuals and it comes with audio and video installations and uh other materials that will supercharge your learning in the shortest amounts that possible. I'm and.

I'm not sure. But. I think it also comes with a couple of mini courses on lie detection. So that's a total of 997 value we're going to give it to you free if you grab your course before.

I log off this webinar okay. It's really that simple if you know this will change your life and you like the. First four bonuses. I talked about this is just going to make you better faster right.

Code combined value for everything. I've talked about. So far is eleven thousand seventy five dollars. But we're not done.

Last and certainly not least for those of you who really want to take your life to the. Next level who want to embody these skills at the deepest most powerful most profound level possible for the. Next 21 people to register today you are going to get a free. VIP ticket to our.

Next killer influence live in 2023 secrets of covert hypnosis certification boot camp it's a five-day. Deep dive into the. Art and. Science of covert hypnosis starting with the universal language or the universal persuasion protocol and just getting deeper and deeper and deeper.

So that you can come out of there exuding and embodying these skills is going to allow you to systematically get five it's five full days not four of. Hands-On training how to control your emotional states at will how to emanate. Charisma on command how to make people like love and trust you in as little as 20 minutes sometimes even faster how to hypnotize people during normal conversations to read anyone instantly and much much more everything. I talked about and a whole lot more uh this is.

I this is. I am. So proud of course. I'm amazed every single day how it changes lives if you're ready to be one of the elite to move through the world helping people just by talking to them by getting everything you want by helping other people get whatever they want.

I encourage you to grab this now while it's still available. But it's only available to the. Next 21 people who grabbed this offer before. I log off the webinar it's.

January 24th to the 28th it will be live in. Las. Vegas. Nevada it's a two thousand two hundred fifty dollar value total value of everything.

I've talked about today is 13 325 dollars. So it's just review a little bit shall we secrets of human influence home study course two thousand four hundred seventy nine dollar value that gets you the that's the initial. Outlet. Weapons of.

Mass instruction 1997 value we're going to give it to you absolutely free we're going to throw in uh this is actually supposed to say. Renegade reframing uh 1997 value we're going to give that to you free. Charisma conversion 1997 value absolutely free three-month trial membership to the. NLP power.

Mastermind mentoring program it's a 1597 value absolutely free the stealth instant conversation hypnosis crash course and by the way in case you were wondering stealth actually does stand for something it stands for strategic suggestion through emotionally. Amplified linguistically transmitted hypnosis. So that's the stealth instant conversation hypnosis crash course it's a 997 value we're going to give that to you absolutely free and the cherry on the. Sunday the way to absolutely embody all of these skills and take it to the profoundly professional level the killer influence.

VIP super ticket five-day certification boot camp. January 24th to the 28th and this will be in 2023 uh the dates are wrong. But that's all right. Um now let me uh while we're on the subject is total package value is 13 325 you can get it all for just one installment of 9.97 or you can break that up into three easy installments of just 397 each all you got to do is go to www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go go to www.killerinfluence.com forward slash no.

Get yours now before they're all gone www.killinfluence.com forward slash go now while you're doing that. I want to take a moment if. I could and just elaborate a little bit on some of the benefits of this. VIP super ticket that you'll be getting.

First and foremost this ticket doesn't expire. So let's say you you grab your package and for some reason uh the boss won't let you off uh there's another round of restrictions the inflation won't let you travel whatever you can use this ticket for another live event a live killer influence event it does not expire you have it until you use it okay. Let's say uh you were you're not planning on going and. Then all of a sudden at the.

Last minute your schedule frees up the funds become available because you actually use the stuff in your course. But we're sold out if you have one of these. VIP tickets we will make a space for you we will find a seat we will create a seat for you. So even if we're sold out if you have one of these.

VIP tickets you can get in let's say that you can't come to a training or you don't feel like you need the training. But you know somebody else who would benefit from the training you can gift this ticket to them and they can come and get trained in person by me okay. Let's say three months from now we raised the price of our killer influence seminar that goes from 2250 to 37.50 well you don't pay anything extra you get to walk right. In as if it was 22.50 the price points don't matter doesn't matter if we're in.

Australia it doesn't matter if we're in the. UK it doesn't matter if we're in. Cyprus or any other part of. Europe it doesn't matter what inflation dictates if you have one of these tickets you don't pay because you you got you got the ticket okay.

So again for the ticket alone foreign do the math right. If you want to get in a room with me for five solid days and be drilled and skilled until you can embody the most powerful influence and persuasion skills on the planet this is a no-brainer all you got to do is go to www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go click the link pick your your your chosen method of payment or investment and just grab it www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go one more time with feeling www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go now while you're doing that. I'm going to give we're going to take an eight a seven or eight minute potty break um. So you guys can kind of get the stuff ironed out when we come back we are going to circle back to part one of our training and we are going to actually start teaching you more persuasion skills based on what we've taught you extra skills that you can start to do based on the echo technique based on the emotional bonding checklist and we're going to customize the rest of our webinar to the application or applications that you guys most want to learn and practice does that sound like a fair trade type yes.

If you think that's fair okay. Perfect. So let's go ahead take a uh a seven let's take an eight minute bio break you guys finish up uh you know finalizing your packages and whatever and. Then we're going to come back at 601 and we're going to start training and drilling the.

Skilling again go get him guys all right. Well. I got done with my break a little early. But.

So what. I'm what. I normally do is when. I get back from my break what.

I like to do is. I like to ask do you have any questions that. I can answer um before we get back to the main body of the webinar if you have questions about the program do you have questions about applications uh what questions do you have if any guys are all quiet foreign. ER been uh useful.

So far have you learned some powerful things some useful things cool excellent. So um we got about two minutes left on the break. So again. I'm not gonna um excellent.

So. Royce is asking would like to have learned to learn proximal connection don't remember the proxemic influence proxemic influence um you have to all right. Proxemic influence is all about managing and manipulating the spatial relationships between you and another person. However there there is a way to hack it if you're not in the same room and that is to use the spatial language pattern if you'll learn it and killer influence one of the one of the most powerful seven language patterns that exist is known as the spatial hypnotic language pattern and what it does is it causes it causes very.

Vivid three-dimensional imagery in the minds of the subject and. So if you use the spatial pattern effectively you can stimulate similar effects as if you were actually standing in a certain relation to the person that is not what. I would consider it to be a basic application um. But it's possible.

So proximix is is best used in the room with the person um. But another thing you can do and this actually goes more towards um. Zoom calls do you mind briefly detailing the. Renegade reframing content in what respect.

PB there are 14 different specific patterns or reframe techniques that you can use to change the meaning the cause or the effect of any argument or belief system that somebody presents to you some of them involve. Spa to use proxemic words moving before the actual belief moving after the belief moving uh. Glo globally chunking up or chunking down um there's a whole map that we give you that kind of uh visually represents this. So it's hard easier to understand.

But they're all perspectives they're all points of view or ways of thinking about things that are different from the way the person who is giving you the the belief is thinking about it and by giving them options it creates much more flexibility of thought okay. So that being said let's go ahead and get back to training if we shall. So here's where it gets fun okay. Because now you've learned some of the most important principles hey everything human beings do is in response to a feeling it's either a feeling they want more of or a feeling they want a whole lot less of the fastest way to change another human being's feelings is to change yours.

First okay. These are things we covered verbally at the beginning of the webinar uh we said that the most powerful thing you can do to be thirty percent up to 30 or more better at everything is to be fun playful and curious and to wrap everything that. I'm teaching you in that energy now there's this a really powerful phenomena everybody has defenses that go up when they perceive influence. So the more playful and non-threatening and curious you are the more rapidly you you neutralize or turn off those defenses which makes your job of influence that much easier it's a body.

State when you learn it in state controls one of the very. First things we teach you. But it really is really really important you can you can pull a lot of these things off without it. But if you had a choice between having it or not having it.

I would rather have it right. And life becomes a lot more fun when you do. So that from there we went to this idea that the most powerful words any human being can hear are the ones that just came out of their mouth right. And.

I demoed in actual phone conversation that. I've had with many of my my martial arts clients and. I believe it or not with many of my. NLP power clients when they would call me many many years ago before.

I had a. Stephanie. I actually answered my own phone and. I would have conversations just like the one you saw with them and get them salivating to jump into a program or to become a client because.

I talked only about the things that were important to them remember if you want to be a master of influence the more important you make the other person feel the more important you become to them it's a catch-22. But it is true. So um from there we went into the emotional bonding or the emotional motivation checklist. I guided you through us.

I had you think about what is it you want to be able to do as a byproduct of tonight's webinar right. What do you want to be able to do as a byproduct of tonight's webinar right. And. Then.

I add and. I had you write it down and. I asked you to write down another question what's important about that and. Then what's that and.

Then what's important about that and. Then what's important about that if you have that template and you take it out into the world and you use it people will tell you exactly exactly what to say and do to make them do whatever you want it's literally that simple okay. Are you guys with me. So far yes.

Or yes. Str. Macker would say this is the uh interactive portion of tonight's webinar cool all right. Sheila.

I haven't seen you in forever right. Um. So from there we from emotional bonding checklist we transitioned into talking about how to level up right. So this is where we make this webinar really yours and here's what.

I want to know what do you want to know about today what if we have time for one or two techniques where do you want to focus that time and energy what do you want to know about the most type it in the chat let you know about now normally. I give people a choice. I say we can talk more about the echo. Technique we can talk more about resistance removal we can talk more about three magic questions protocol those are usually the big three.

But if you want to learn about one of those type it in the chat if there's something else you want to learn about or specific context or application you want to learn about type that in the chat and we'll spend the. Next hour or. So drilling down on it three magic questions. NLP okay.

Nlp's two general three magic questions storytelling magic questions. I think. I know where this is going resistance okay. Resistance resistance storytelling reactants avoidance okay.

Three magic questions storytelling oh you guys are starting to loan me up here maybe. I'll have. Brandon or. Stephanie actually hypnotic language patterns that's a new one okay.

Anything else getting. Rapport against resistance uh in our world getting resistance is futile we're going to get you one way or the other okay. So it looks like the the pecking order is is going to be three magic questions resistance removal and. Then it looks like storytelling and maybe hypnotic language patterns are kind of tied.

So. I don't. I don't know if we'll get to all of it. But all of it is covered in the killer influence system okay.

It's all there all right. So let's start with um three magic questions protocol now what is the three magic questions protocol well let me start off by asking a question what if there was a way that you could start a conversation with perfect strangers and in as little as 20 minutes have them liking and connecting and trusting with you bordering on love what if it were easy because they were going to do 80 of the talking. Anyway would that would that affect your life or your social life or your business life in any way shape or form type yes. In the chat if you think that's true okay.

Now the three magic questions protocol has a really really interesting uh history to it the the original inspiration for this particular framework and it's and it's and three magic questions is a code for three categories of question the book. That it was derived from was a book. Called love trances by by a gentleman named. Craig rovinsky okay.

Uh. Jack's asking yes. If you can teach to ask. I've taught this to people with ask.

I've taught face reading to people with autism and. Asperger's and they became able to read social cues and their social their social. Acuity went up dramatically. So this stuff has massive massive um effects on people okay.

Three matches okay. So again um the the. YouTubers are. Finally getting the message.

So they're telling me basically three magic questions and resistance removal and. Michael thank you for that comment on how we really take care of our customers. I. I really.

I really because we think of you as extended family you know we we treat you how we want to be treated you know and. So it really is important to us that you feel like you're part of something important and that you matter. So let's talk about 3mq three magic questions started um based on a framework found in. Love trances by.

Craig ravinsky. I highly recommend that you support. Craig's work and buy his book. Uh it should be available on.

Amazon many of the techniques that. I teach to the. General. Public.

I have versions. I teach to the general public and. Then behind closed doors. I give you the the.

Next level of the stuff right. For people who who qualify to get that level of information. But. So much of that book.

Has been dramatically useful. But one of the things. I want to. I want to kind of qualify for qualify you for is that when.

I. First learned this this is embarrassing for me when. I. First learned this.

I taught it and. I. I modified it a little bit. So men and women could use it.

But it was originally designed for women to use on men to do two things at the same time it was designed to cause men to divulge everything about themselves in a in a really short amount of time while at the same time generating tremendous attraction in the other person it was designed to help a woman profile create a personality profile of the person in front of them and screen out the ones that are the hell knows to the one and and start for the ones that are the hell yes. That's what the original intention of this this particular technique was for when. I got a hold of it. I said well this this is kind of one-sided.

So how can. I modify it. So men and women can use it equally and. I just made a few tweaks to it and that's we'll talk about that and.

I taught it for attraction purposes and. Then in 2015. I was teaching a killer influence class and for some mysterious reason like 12 freaking personal injury attorneys descended on my training and they were all sitting together half of them didn't know each other. I called them my legal department because none of them wanted to be on camera and.

So. I start teaching and. I'm teaching the three magic questions protocol uh. Brandon that's.

Craig rovinski r-o-v-i-n-s-k-y. So. I teach them this three magic questions protocol one guy was. So into it he took.

80 pages of notes came when it became one of my most prolific students and. So. I teach the class we go through the four-day training they go off into the world to apply their skills a couple weeks. Later.

I start getting emails and they're talking about how they use three magic questions during jury selection they used it on depth in depositions they used it on hostile judges and these people are just falling all over themselves to to give them whatever they want and. I'm leaving these you know one case report after case report after case report and. I'm thinking to myself stupid stupid stupid stupid because. I was blind.

I didn't. I. I didn't connect something. I've been teaching for years and that was that in my world all social applications are variations of the.

Romantic archetype men woman or man and man coming together or woman and woman coming together to create a family our. Third one it didn't occur to me that this three magic questions thing could have applications anywhere. But with an attraction. So here's the thing even though it was designed and originated in the attraction and pickup world it's actually gonna it's like.

Kryptonite in any form of networking function any form of bonding for business or professional purposes. I had one gentleman one of my personal injury clients used three magic questions and the extended. Rapport skills and and. State.

Control skills that you learn in killer influence to persuade a expert witness for his opposition to waive his attorney-client privilege to answer my guy's questions. I actually. I didn't believe him when he told me that he showed me the video it's crazy right. This thing creates such powerful.

Connections in people that they won't give you up and it's an extension of the echo technique. So you're going to be using the echo technique within the three magic questions protocol okay. So. I want you to keep that in mind that it's it's a it's it's built from this idea now a lot of you are asking about.

Brandon says could. I use this enhanced negotiation yes. Theoretically you could you'd have to set up the context. But yeah it's a really good.

Icebreaker um. But you'd have to probably set it up a little bit more expertly. But yeah you could use it for sure um in fact in fact. I am a very famous body language expert who is.

Big on interrogation has actually used three magic questions during interrogations and interviews he told me about that when the camera was off um. But. Anyway um. So let's talk about the three levels of question any questions about what.

I've talked about. So far you're all good okay. So let me find my uh my little sheet here and let's jump in. So what you have here is my primer on the three magic questions protocol.

First and foremost it's important to remember that the three magic questions protocol is a conversational framework it's not three specific questions it's three categories of question okay. So again it says here 3mq is a code for three categories of question each question stimulates a more primal and deeper level of the subject's mind. So it starts with very superficial very non-threatening types of questions okay. It allows the operator to simultaneously attract and analyze the subject to make a qualifying determination as to the subject's suitability or unsuitability for deeper intimacy and relationships or interactions in other words it's going to generate attraction it's going to trade comfort and trust.

But it's also going to. Prime this person to give you more and more information. So you can decide what to do with them. Okay.

So a couple of things that we want to understand going into this no. Matter what level of question you're at you never ask a question that can be answered with a simple yes. Or no. Okay.

Those questions are off the table you always ask open-ended questions questions that require an explanation an opinion or a story right. So if. I'm walking into a wedding reception and. I see somebody who's attractive that.

I want to start a conversation with. I don't walk up and say do you like the band why they could say no. Or they could say yes. But the conversation's over right.

We never ask a question that can be answered with a simple yes. Or no. You could walk up to that person and say. So.

I'm curious what do you think of the band what do you think of the. DJ right. It's a question that requires an explanation an opinion or a story okay. Now as you go through the different levels of this what's going to happen is when you ask your question they are going to answer that question when you when it's your turn to talk you are going to use what we call the master.

Echo sequence you guys remember. I talked about this uh for those for you guys who don't who aren't familiar with the master. Echo sequence it starts with ask a question pay attention. I want to say.

I'm going to make this longer hold on again it's being finicky ask a question pay attention validate the response or validate the answer. Echo the words ask it ask another question this is called the master. Echo sequence okay. If you don't know what to do in a conversation that's what you do when in doubt ask it out okay.

You ask your question. So. I'm curious what do you think about the band the answer well you know they kind of remind me of a band that my sister had at her wedding about 10 years ago was doing a lot of 80s coming man oh that's. So cool.

So the band reminds you of a band that was at your sister's wedding that did the 80s cover music yeah. I'm curious what is it what what which songs do they do that you really liked right. So if you go back on the replay and you listen to what. I did.

I asked a question. I paid attention to the response. I found some way to agree or acknowledge or approve of what they said and. Then.

I echoed as many of their words as. I could remember and. I asked another question that's all you really need to do through every level of three magic questions now there's other things that you can do. But this is where it starts right.

Are you guys are you guys clear on this on clear on this. So far does this does this make sense or do you have any kind of confusion about it okay. Again this is one if you haven't written it down. I would write it down and.

I would tattoo it on any piece of jewelry that you that is in line of sight whenever you're going to talk to another human because this is pure gold this makes your job. So much easier and the side effects of it the byproduct of it is that you'll be able to remember longer and longer and longer strings of dialogue which allows you to analyze what they say and connect with them even more deeply. So let's go to the. Next piece it's called.

The. Master. Echo sequence yes. I usually cover this at the beginning when.

I teach. Echo technique. But we uh we treated the echo technique a little bit differently this time around. So.

I just wanted to make sure that we got the we got this in because it really does play a fairly big role uh in any form of interaction going forward now you'll see all these little lines over here that. I just erased when human beings move through the world they can be in one of four distinct. States or categories of. State they can be in their head we call that internal they can be paying attention to what's going on outside of them we call that external they can be associated which means they can be fully present in the moment or they can be dissociated which means they're not present they're thinking about something in the future they're thinking about something in the past at any given moment humans most humans are moving through the world in a state of internal oops they're moving through the world into in a state of internal dissociation what that means is they're in their head thinking about everything about what's going on around them the sole purpose of level one questions is to change that.

So the level one questions are always about location occasion right. These are superficial questions about the venue or the subject's reason for being there or who they're with right. So you might say. So.

I'm curious uh what what brought you out tonight right. That's the question about why they're here oh. I'm with some friends we're here to watch the band oh cool uh did your friends show up are you waiting for them right. Um it's always superficial right.

Why because there's really only one reason to ask these kinds of questions a is to get them from an internal dissociated state they're in their head paying attention to everything. But you to an external. Associated state where they're out of their head and they're in real time paying attention to you okay. Another thing you want to do is you want to soften your questions.

So you could say what do you think about the band which is an unsoftened way to do it or you could say. So. I was wondering what do you think about the band right. Notice how putting a a pre-frame in front of your question makes it less invasive and less like an interrogation.

So you can take what do you think of the centerpiece two. I'm curious what do you think of that centerpiece right. Is this are you guys kind of getting this is this making sense you want to soften everything you do okay. You don't want you don't want what you say to sound anything other than conversational one of the problems that a lot of people who study neuro-linguistic programming have is that.

NLP is actually too powerful the way they're using it what that means is let me go let me change my my angle on my camera a little bit uh oops okay. What happens is people use an. NLP technique or an. NLP style language pattern and the person may not have any clue about.

NLP right. But they feel the effect of what you said very very strongly this has a visceral impact on them they don't know what you did they don't know how you did it. But some part of their neurology realizes you did something and their defenses come up the reason that you soften is. So that anything you say goes in and it just feels very comfortable right.

It doesn't send off any bells or. Warnings or red flags and one of the things that we've we've found from training people in this kind of influence for years is that when people get stressed out when they get nervous when they're not sure about what to do the. First thing that falls out of their language is the softener. So the.

First thing you want to do is create a list of softeners words like. I'm curious. I was wondering just. So.

I understand you better let me ask let me ask you this just a quick list of five to six little little frames that you can tag onto whatever question you're going to ask that makes it conversational and and lubricates the interaction right. You don't have to do it now. But if you want to use this protocol in the most seamless and and organic way possible. Then you want to have those softeners in place.

But level one questions are always location occasion they're always questions about the venue why you're there who you're with one of my students came to one of my attraction classes this is probably back in 2017 or 2018. and. I was teaching this program and he went out that night to a local sports bar walked up to an attractive woman that he thought might be interesting and your. First question out of now. So.

I'm curious what are the drink specials tonight they got married. Last year two years ago. I think they got married right. Simple question why what does it do it gets them out of their head and into the world you have and when you approach people you have to take any kind of carnal agenda of of any carnal desires off the menu because when you approach a stranger especially a man approaching a woman the the approach uh defenses go up and.

So being playful being curious asking non-threatening uh superficial questions is the fastest way to get through those defenses and get the person interacting with you okay. But the sole purpose functionally for level one questions is to get you um to level two questions just to get them out of their head and to be fully present and paying attention to you once that's done you're ready for level two what is level two level two are open-ended questions that require an explanation story or an opinion about a careers passions or. Pleasures okay. When.

I. First learned the three magic questions what. I call what. I came to call the three magic questions protocol it only talked about career and why do we talk about career because in in the world of neuro-linguistic programming we have these maps of how people work that may or may not be true.

But they work. So we use them right. It doesn't really matter if it's true. But they work.

So we use them right. And one of the maps that. NLP teaches us is called. The.

Logical levels of belief and at the very top of of this hierarchy of beliefs that people have is the spiritual level which almost always entails some form of spiritual religious conversion that's that's the level of uh belief change that we're talking about and right. Below that is the identity level and the identity level is right. Between spirit and values when people in our in our culture in our society people are what they do. So if.

I say what do you if. I ask you what do you do for a living the. First words out of your mouth almost always start with. I am.

I am a therapist. I am a coach. I am a neuro-linguistic programmer. I am an accountant.

I am a fashion model. I am a football coach anytime you hear the words. I am you are hearing a belief and that belief is at the very. Pinnacle that the.

Apex of of power in that person's world. So when people start talking about their career they are talking about their favorite subject themselves remember what happened when we did the emotional bonding checklist you guys with me. So far type in the chat if you're still with me because. I don't want to make.

I don't want anybody get lost okay. Good. So you guys remember in part one of the webinar we talked about the emotional bonding checklist and what did we say we said that when people start talking about the things on their checklist they go into what a profound pleasure state or state of desire you guys remember. I said that yes.

Or yes. Okay. Well if that's what happens at the values level what happens when you go to the. Next level and you talk about their identity it's even more powerful okay.

So these people will dish about their life for hours and they will tell you things they wouldn't tell people they've known 20 years and they'll tell you things that would make you just immediately disqualify them as a date or a business. Prospect and they'll have a smile on their face they'll have they'll have a ball doing it they'll feel more attracted to you as they do it that's the byproduct of questions that that tag into the identity level right. So everyone you meet has an idea for a book. Or a business.

So the questions you might ask are. So. I'm curious. I'm curious what you do for a living right.

Um if you know any of uh any of. Chase uses work like uh the elicitation patterns of. Jack. Schaefer or.

NCAA guys you could say. I'll bet you're a fashion model right. And. I can say no.

I'm not a fashion model. I work at. Starbucks down the street oh wow that's cool. Starbucks.

So did you just like wake up one day and decide. I'm gonna do coffee. I'll bet there's an origin story there have you decided to wake up and and work at. Starbucks now that particular question and the way.

I approached it is actually how. I do it on the street right. But there's some things behind it that. I want you to understand and that leads to the other aspects of level two question remember.

I said level one question the way after a level two question when. I. First learned it was all about career. But.

I added passion and pleasure for exactly this kind of an example if you're talking to somebody who works at. Starbucks chances are their life ambition is not to serve you coffee right. But. I guarantee you that they have something that they are absolutely passionate about that they would talk about and do at the drop of a hat you want to know what that is why because you want to use their words to link those feelings to you.

So you can ask them what they're passionate about or you can ask them what they do for fun what they do for pleasure. So career passions pleasures you may meet somebody who works at. Starbucks. But their passion is volunteering at a homeless shelter or a soup kitchen or working with you know a behaviorally challenged kids right.

That's a passion and they will talk and talk and talk about those things for hours all you have to do is what type in what you think you have to do this is this is the this is the classroom part where. David says how much are you actually paying attention and thinking about what. I'm doing ask listen to repeat. Echo okay.

Nobody has yet to type in the master. Echo sequence. But this is close enough it's a good start all you do is ask your question pay attention validate the response. Echo their words ask again and they will run off at the mouth for hours and hours and hours don't believe me go test it okay.

Now here's the best part the longer they talk the longer they talk the more attracted and connected and trustworthy to you they become now if you've ever been on a date or out with a friend there's a phenomena that happens when your friend tells you a story maybe they talk about a great vacation that they went on the. First thing that happens is you start running through your brain looking for a similar experience type in the chat true if that's true if you've ever had that experience go ahead and type that in because some of you are asking about storytelling. I'm going to give you a freaking nuclear power way to supercharge your stories now in my world we call that phenomena analog matching and it's one of the key areas where most guys screw up a. First date because um person the woman across from you tells you about this amazing experience that she had and.

Then you start riffing about all the amazing experiences you had you spend. So much time talking about your she loses she pretends interest. But is actually wanting to gnaw her arm off to get away the way you change that dynamic in any normal conversation this person is going to tell you a story about something that happens something that they're passionate about something in their business life something in their career life something that they give they do for pleasure your brain is going to go through its memory banks to find a similar experience you let them talk you find your similar experience and when it's your turn to tell your story you use their words to tell it let me repeat that when it's time for you to tell your story you use their words to tell it. So the question here is how to learn how to repeat words without them starting to realize the echo technique or.

Echo sequence hi. Alex try to get caught try to get caught. But before you try to get caught embody this attitude echoing people is actually the most secretly desirable organically biologically evolutionarily desirable way to communicate with another human being it actually gives them the feelings that they have been desperate for. But didn't know how to get.

So if you significantly want to to signal to the person that you actually are interested in them that their opinions and ideas matter that they that you approve of them and you want to generate deeper levels of connection and you choose not to do it you're the now are people desperate for it and don't have yes. They are desks before thank you for echoing my words yes. Uh. But yes.

They don't realize that people are desperate for this kind of connection and be and feeling understood okay. And again a killer influence when you go through the course you'll see all the different ways that we use this. But here's the thing the the place to come from with this technique is not a trick to use on somebody it's a methodology that allows you to to connect more deeply with a person and signal to them that not only are you paying attention. But that you truly want to understand them now if if somebody calls you on echoing their words and you tell them that and they still have a problem with it the problem isn't you okay.

You can use this as a way to trick people. But you don't need to because this is the most powerful way to get to know another human being in the most desirable way that they can imagine right. Off the bat okay. And.

So embody this attitude of just wanting to use it to get to know people better and. Signal validation and now go out and try to get caught and let me know how hard you have to work to get caught okay. Okay. I want to say there's some really cool things in there killer influence is the best.

I've done it twice and it completely transformed my life yes. Very cool very cool. Pizza thank you. So much for that all right.

So that's level one level one is location occasion its job is always open-ended opinion based questions that get you out of your get the other person out of their head and into the world with you the other other reason for that is to neutralize your defenses and get them to level two which is is going to happen fairly quickly it could be quite honest okay. Once you hit level one level two questions what you want to do is you want to ask open-ended opinion based story promoting questions about what they do where they think they're going uh what do they love about what they do what they hate about what they do where they see themselves in five years and you just want to use the master. Echo sequence to pay attention to their words validate their response. Echo their words and ask another question and they will cycle and they will they will riff for hours now here's the best part this works on.

Zoom this works over the phone this works in video this works in chat this works in email this works in any form of texting any place human beings are processing language this works it's deadly in marketing all right. So for those who do any kind of marketing copy this is a fast way it is zero it's your ideal customers okay. All right. Benoit says thank you.

David. I love you. I love you back thank you. So much all right.

So listen we're gonna go we're going to talk about level three questions in just a minute. But before we do. I want to remind everybody that we have a special program that we've put together for you where you can get everything. I'm talking about and a whole lot more it's the secrets of human influence uh home study course it's a two thousand four hundred seventy nine dollar uh program.

But we're also going to throw in weapons of mass destruction for 1997 we're going to give that to you free we're going to give you. Renegade reframing the art of conversational belief change it's a 1997 we're going to go to absolutely free we're going to give you. Charisma and conversion 1997 absolutely free we're going to give you the three month trial membership and the 11 year video archive to the. NLP power.

Mastermind mentoring program it's a 1597 value we're going to give that to you absolutely free you're gonna get the stealth instant conversation. I know this is. Crash. Course 997 value download it tonight hypnotize people tomorrow or even sooner we're going to give that to you free and of course that's special.

VIP super ticket to our. Next killer influence live five day covert hypnosis certification boot camp live in. Las. Vegas.

January 24th to. January 28 2023. I apologize for the typo there it's. January 28 2023 total package value is 13 325 dollars you can get it all for one teeny installment of 9.97 and if you need a little extra help we can actually give you a payment plan we can help you break that down into three easy installments of just 397. ladies and gentlemen there has never been an easier powerful powerful faster more bulletproof way to get everything you want from the social life from your business life from any place where human beings need to do what you want them to do including yourself your friends your family this material has changed the course of my life it has changed the course of literally thousands of other people's lives there is nothing better on the planet and it will change your life and you have 60 days to put this stuff into practice to play with it and if after 60 days it's not delivering pick up the phone send us an email we'll make it right.

For you with a refund you or we'll walk you through the sticking points or we'll make sure you get the help that you need to make this work okay. You have absolutely nothing to risk all you need to do to get yours is go to www .killerinfluence.com forward slash go www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go don't wait okay. Half of these bonuses disappear when. I log off this call.

So please if you if you any of the things. I've talked about resonate with you please click that link get your course get one of those few remaining. VIP tickets and let's do this let's get together and party and play and become as powerful as humanly possible. Stephanie says there's only a couple left oh okay.

What would now be a good time to do that. Anyway while you're doing that uh reach out to. Stephanie she will tell you exactly how to access your course um do you have do you have any questions about three magic questions protocol up to this point that we've covered. I know the the.

YouTubers they have a little bit of a lag. So. I may have to. Circle back and uh and help them oops [Music].

So blue says what if you want to get something out of them don't they become cold as soon as you stop using the technique and stop giving not if you're using the emotional bonding uh blue. I don't know if you were here when we talked about the emotional bonding checklist um. But no. If if again unless you're going to be narcissistic and just cut them off you're gonna mean the idea is to build um you know healthy happy long-term relationships.

So the idea is they get what they want by doing what you want. So there's always there's always a win-win if they don't get cold at all they get excited because they feel gratified that you actually shared something with them. So. Stephanie is saying the operations team will add the courses to your account if you do not have an account one will be created for you tomorrow midday specific time.

I will send out a welcome email with a bunch of information for you regarding the live class and membership and if that's not enough harass. Stephanie on the phone and call her at 858-282-4663 because we love her and we want everybody to know how awesome she is she is my administrative goddess. I couldn't find my feet with my hands with both my feet with both hands without her and of course our amazing techno. Dude uh.

Brandon the. Burr is out there pretending to be me on our. YouTube channel. So um.

I'm actually on my. YouTube channel. But. Anyway.

So any other questions um regarding. Rich. Gaffin is asking is that considered attentive listing. Echo technique is actually the most attentive listening that you can do it covers the most amount of bases with the least amount of possibility of failure in fact if you're in an.

NLP class this one technique would actually cover seven different distinct processes that. NLP teaches its practitioners to do individually it is such a powerful shortcut that one of my my friends late. James. C2 actually hated this this technique because it was.

So powerful and it was too simple and that's again one of the biases that that you'll see a lot of times in some of the more linguistically heavy applications is they tend to think of. Advanced. Techniques as being more complicated that's not how. I judge a an advanced technique in my world and advanced technology should make your life easier not harder it should be easier to use not harder.

So as far as. I'm concerned your version of the echo technique and the three magic questions that you're using is actually a more advanced version of. NLP it's a better version of. NLP because it's more user friendly it does more with less energy and it's more reliable and consistent.

Okay. So. But don't believe me don't take my word for it just do it go out into the world find humans in their natural habitat. Echo their words and do a 3dq process with them now we're going to segue now into level three of the three magic questions protocol before.

I do. I want to give you a few more caveats to pay attention to for most relationships it is never actually necessary to move. Beyond level two. However if this person that you're using this process with has passed all of your tests and you feel that this person is worthy to hold a more intimate dominant place in your world.

Then. Segway to level three questions and the reason for that is is that if you move people into level three questions they will bond with you very very powerfully and if you don't vet them carefully you can wind up with a stalker or you could wind up with somebody in an intimate part of your life that has no. Business being there okay. So remember that's three magic questions has a dual purpose whether you're man or woman regardless of who you're using it with a to.

Prime people to become attracted connected and trusting of you. But at the same time priming them to divulge more and more and more information that allows you to decide where they deserve to be in your life always be testing you understand me the purpose of 3mq is to screen and profile the person in front of you if at any time you lose sight of that you run the risk of a generating a very intense relationship with somebody you shouldn't have generated that level of intensity with and. B um if they have any kind of weird quirks you may wind up being a therapist instead of a partner or a victim in many cases right. We no.

Longer when we use three magic questions protocol we no. Longer date people or or enter into relationships with people and. I could be a professional relationship with somebody who has potential we only work with people who are actualizing their potential are we kind of clear on that type yes. So.

I know you're with me okay. Good now level three questions if the person has passed all of your tests you feel a connection you feel this person is trustworthy the. Next level of question is always about write this down early positive childhood experiences early positive childhood experiences okay. Now it may be as simple as wow you have a really interesting accent.

I'm curious where did you grow up who are your friends what did you like to play at when you were a kid right. Now the idea here is you want them to access the earliest most positive childhood experience possible the reason for that is how many of you have ever met somebody and even though you've just met them you feel like you've known them your entire life it's like some part of you from deep inside reaches out and recognizes something about this person that makes it feel like you've always known them like they've always been a part of your world how many of you ever had that experience type it in the chat okay. Alex says yes. Jennifer says yes.

Philip says yes. Yeah okay. Some of the earliest some of the most powerful foundational memories that a human being has are their earlier memories their childhood memories. So when you nope avoid it like the plague well avoiding it like the plague means you recognized it.

So you could avoid it. So that that tells me a little bit more about you. Jack right. But.

Anyway too much responsibility yeah. So here's the thing the further back in a person's memory you go the more malleable their personality becomes the the early memories create the platform and the foundation and the direction of subsequent personality traits and memories when you ask somebody about their earliest positive childhood memories if they don't have any run yes. That's absolutely true. Jennifer 100 we'll get to that in a minute what literally happens is they go back on the wings of time they find a memory they open that memory up and they start re-experiencing and reliving the memory as they're telling you about it all the feelings that they had including the sense of time passing come up too now who are they looking at who are they looking at when they're re-experiencing and reliving all these things type it in the chat who are they looking at a me me me me me right.

Exactly they're looking at you guess who all those feelings get linked to you guessed it you now here's the hack not only do the positive feelings that they're experiencing get linked to you you literally get inserted into that memory and that sense of time let's say they're they're experiencing a memory that happened 30 years ago well all of a sudden you get associated with that 30 year old memory and now they feel like they've known you since that memory was created you instantly. Hack. That sense of. Timeless connection that people move through the world looking for are in in.

Jack's case running away from yes. It's called pseudo-orientation in time or conversational age regression now just like level two questions they're going to tell you a story guess what you do type it in the chat what you think you do you got it you you. Echo you listen you validate you. Echo you ask again when it comes time for you to share a story you use their words to tell it used their words to tell your story and.

Then ask them another question. So they can tell you another story it's the same process yes. Jennifer. So if their childhood sucked you're now linked to it.

But you know what if you ask now here's the thing always be testing if if and one of the things you test for does the person actually follow your instructions if you ask about an early positive childhood experience and they tell you about their. Uncle. Jack took. Him out back behind the barn to show him a special kind of wrestling that involved.

Vaseline and. Cutlery warning right. For two reasons a they obviously got some quirks that you don't want to know about. B they didn't follow instructions okay.

That's a therapeutic codependent narcissistic or aggressive relationship waiting to happen. So one of the things that you're always testing for is do they actually give you the information that you act that you asked for that yes. That would be the eject button right. Because again if you proceed with that level three questions you're going to create a very powerful very intimate relationship that that person is going to fight to keep and you will fight to get out of.

So unless you're unless the purpose behind your communication is to be their therapist or their caregiver get the out right. Again the idea behind these tools is to give you the information. So that you can make the right. Decision based on data not on the state you're in at the time because you will feel attraction you know because again you have.

Rapport and and connections flowing both ways. But that connection needs to be managed and it better be being managed by you because if it's being managed by the other person you're probably going to wind up in a place you don't want to be in unless you get really lucky okay. Does that make sense. I want to say here let me see this.

So. Alex is asking. I've seen videos from you about three magic questions. But.

I'm struggling to learn how to do it properly especially for the. Third stage most of the time it's hard for me to relate to their memories and find a proper question. Echo to respond just do it verbatim some people seem like they don't want to access their memories or they can't do to traumas again what's the purpose of your conversation if you're if you're there in a dating context and they start bringing up traumatic memories or relationships that went. South they're not following their instructions that should be a flag right.

Remember in killer influence and you learn about this uh a lot we divide we divide the segments of training into three basic areas you have i1. I2 and. I3 i1 is all about identity it's all about who you are as a person what your values are what your ethics are what attributes and and skill sets you have that make you more powerful as a. Persuader and what aspects and attributes you have that actually limit you it's about taking an inventory about how you perceive yourself how you want to perceive yourself how other people perceive you and how you want to be perceived and making those all fit that's that's level one that's.

I want you'll learn about that in killer influence level two is all about intelligence gathering in other words how much information can you acquire about the target of your influence because the more precise information you have the easier you your job is. But you can't lose sight of who am. I talking to. What's.

My outcome and who do. I need to be to get this person to do what. I want them to do right. And if the person in front of you is demonstrably not the kind of person you want for the role you need them to fill you need to eject and find somebody more suitable okay.

You can theoretically get anybody to do to pretty much anything you want the problem is is the baggage that comes with it may not be worth the investment your job is to eliminate baggage nobody logged on to this webinar to get less to get more. Randomness and less control in your life true or not true. I would go out and live here type in the chat if this is true most of you logged onto this webinar to get more control and influence over your life true or not true. Beth says.

Beth. Holly says a lot. I certainly could have used this information three years ago ironically and as crass as it might sound hot. Beth you probably weren't ready my experience has been people come to this information when they're actually ready for it not when they wish they would have had it you know if.

I had a dollar for every time somebody said. I wish. I'd had this 30 years ago. I.

I'd be an entirely different tax bracket. But the truth is is that we just weren't ready for it for whatever reason we just weren't when you come to it is when you're ready for it. But you have to decide you deserve it you're worthy of it right. And that means click the links get the.

Last few remaining courses and join me for the live and get on the phone with us and let's play the masterminds and do all kinds of cool things while we're on that note uh let me do this really quick one. Last reminder um. Jennifer says. I'm worthy.

I agree with you click the link um once again just as a quick reminder secrets of human influence home study course 24 2 479 value has a seven stage. Universal persuasion protocol the weapons of mass instruction hypnotic storytelling. Secrets 1997 value we're going to give it to you free. Renegade reframing in the art of conversational belief change 1997 value we're gonna give it to you free.

Charisma and conversion hypnotic presentation skills for presenters and public speakers 1997 value once again free to you the. NLP power three-month trial membership with the 11-year video archive 1597 value absolutely free the stealth is the conversation of nurses crash course 997 value absolutely free and the free. VIP super ticket to the. Next killer influence live five-day covert hypnosis boot camp.

January 24th to the 28th in 2023 live in. Las. Vegas. Nevada 2450 value it does not expire if the price goes up you pay nothing you can gift it you can keep it you can hold it until the cows come home and show up when you're ready absolutely free total package value goes away when.

I log off thirteen thousand three hundred twenty five dollar value you can get it all for one teeny investment of just 9.97 and if you need extra help we can break that up for you into three easy installments of 397. all you need to do to get yours is go to www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go www.killerinfluence.com forward slash g o if you know you deserve it if you're ready for a change let me help you help yourself okay. Help me help you okay. All right. Let's um jump back to three magic questions um any other questions about the three magic questions protocol please yeah if you have any questions let.

Stephanie now ring the phone off the hook. Email her out the ass she loves to answer questions just don't waste your time uh. Alex says. Last question if they don't follow your instructions what should we do leave or again thank you for explaining it again here's the thing don't be an ass all right.

Remember if you've got if you've gotten to that level three question if you're about if you're ready to segue into level three questions this person has already passed a lot of your tests. So at this point you need to make a. Command. Decision where do.

I want where does this person fit in my life and and here's how. I look. At it right. If you think of the.

Continuum of out here is the hell no. People right. Then you have acquaintances. Then you have um superficial friends and.

Then you have um everyday run-of-the-mill friends and. Then you have your inner circle of friends and. Then you have besties right. And.

Then you have friends with benefits and. Then maybe you have boyfriends or girlfriends right. And maybe that you have a fiance and maybe even a life partner. So if you think about all these different places where you could slot them where are you most comfortable keeping them right.

You finished the day you finished the night maintaining whatever boundaries you've set and you just explain where you're at right. Now you could do what a lot of people do is have a bailout phone call like you know 45 minutes into the conversation your phone rings and goes oh oh my. God. I'm sorry.

I. I have to go my parakeet's having an existential crisis. I need to get home before he molts all over everything. I'm.

So terribly sorry we'll do this again sometime email me right. And you're gone you could do that. But. I just recommend you keep it cordial keep it social and just maintain your boundaries now some people have wishy-washy boundaries and if that's the case there's another course that you need to get it's called identity by.

Design or self. Mastery supercharger which is all about transforming that in regain the state control training and killer influence will go a tremendous way towards making you like a moth to a flame and being able to function in any environment. But at the end of the day when you have to confront somebody you need to bolster your sense of identity and boundaries and for that you need identity work. Eileen.

Carey says. I went to my live training just. Last week and. I have to say it truly changed my life sounds too good to be true.

But being immersed and doing the practice drills makes all the difference. But like. David said you have to be in a place where you believe you deserve it and it starts by taking action if you found if you found your way to this webinar the universe is sending you a message it's up to you how you choose to interpret right. I'm just a messenger.

I'm showing you a path are you ready to walk it if you are click the link we'll get going okay. Anyway that being said in the words of the immortal. Carol. Burnett.

I'm. So glad we had this time together just to have a laugh or sing a song since we just got started and before you know it comes the time we have to say listen if you're ready to level up. I'm ready to help click that link go to www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go call. Stephanie at 858-282-4663 or email her directly at.

Stephanie nlppower.com this is your chance let's make it happen. I hope you had a good time good night and. God bless take care.
