Title: xvpsDBCOOps.txt
Video Id: xvpsDBCOOps
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xvpsDBCOOps

In reverse on your eyelid. So you can see it when you sleep at night people will forget what you said many times they will forget what you did they will never forget how you made them feel okay. Every single one of you in this room is not here because of a voice in your head telling you how shitty your life is you're not in you're not here because um there's a picture in your head that's bugging you you're here because there's a set of feelings that you want more of in your life and a set of feelings you want less of would that be true or not true exactly everything starts and goes back to feelings how do we control our feelings control your body control the size and shape and location of the pictures below the threshold of conscious awareness and you're well on your way. Then we have to be now that's being self-aware that's becoming aware of how our minds and bodies create our feelings and our experiences.

But we have to take that awareness and we have to direct it outward we have to see the people around us differently we have to sort for different kinds of information information that has always been there. But because we're in our head we're looking for our own checklist we don't see them how many people here have ever heard of a show called lie to me okay. If you haven't go to. Amazon rent every season curl up with a good book.

For the. Next 60 days and go through every single one and. Then when you're done with that go look. Up.

Paul emman at. Paul ekman.lk uh book. I'm referencing. I'm going to tell you to go pick up is called emotions revealed the one he wrote with the.

Del. Lama. I. I don't.

I don't remember it off the top of my head. But the one. I want you guys to get is emotions revealed when. I do my lie detection workshops when.

I do my attraction and relationship workshops when. I do my. Law of. Attraction workshops my manifesting workshops you'll always hear me reference this book.

The reason is is because you have a behavior that your nervous system does it's called the emotional refractory period okay. Not to be confused with another kind of refractory period oh we got serious all of a sudden pull the stick out what stick in that in that book. Emman defines a behavior known as the emotional refractor period let me ask a question how many people here have ever been in an argument with somebody cool how many people here have ever been in an argument with somebody they resolve the argument and. Then for the.

Next 10 15 20 minutes anything you say pisses them off again it's like he knows exactly what to say to piss me off don't you hate that why does that happen remember the three brains when you experience an emotional shift your nervous system changes okay. It starts the reptile brain goes to the emotional brain goes to every other part what happens is each of those emotions that you have is like a little life form and it wants to go on as long as it can it wants to exist in the body as long as it can and. So what your nervous system will literally do is it will tweak your perceptual filters it will tweak what you consciously and un un consciously pay attention to and will only bring your attention only bring into your conscious awareness the things that reinforce or re-trigger the state the emotional state you're already in okay. It h each each emotional state that you experience has a half life for lack of a better word during which time the person you're dealing with is highly predisposed to finding anything that will reactivate and reinforce the state that goes for love as well as anger every emotion works this way okay.

You don't get a two-minute warning that you're about to get pissed off somebody does cut you off in traffic you get this little 30. Second warning warning you're about to get pissed off warning warning doesn't work that way you don't realize you've had an emotional shift until you're in it by. Then it's sometimes too late okay. But if you understand the.

Dynamics that are at play when these things happen you can make better choices on how to behave you can make better choices on how to manage yourself. So you do the things that aren't going to make the situation worse and can significantly make it better guys. I'm going to teach you how to double the intimacy connection and many often times the sexual frequency in your relationship whenever your wife does something and she gets pissed and she gets pissed off at you look. Look.

Her right. In the eyes. And with the absolute highest level of sincerity say honey. I'm sorry.

I was wrong okay. We're going to get into the. Dynamics of arguing in a minute. But by and large that'll go a long way okay.

For those of you who want to really practice some serious relationship conversational ninjitsu pick up a book. Called talk to me like. I'm someone you love now think about this play this. Mo play this movie in your head you and your significant other are having a knockdown drag out fight at one point when you're about to reach your emotional.

Crescendo she looks at you and she says or he he looks at you and says please talk to me like. I'm someone you love it'll piss them off because it'll take the steam right. Out of it right. Out it's a conversational reframe okay.

That changes the perspective changes the dynamic that's one example of some of the things you'll find in that book. And they have them listed by uh by context keep in mind that when we're in the throws of the emotion and. I've never taught this part when we're in the throws of the emotional refractory period we need to change contexts we need to change the perception our perceptual position in the in the communication phrases like please talk to me like. I'm someone you love because for all intents and purposes if they're in a relationship with you shouldn't they right.

But we don't sometimes we treat our significant others the worst of all the people we know just weird that way okay. I'm no. Different you know my. First marriage was a lot of practice and a lot of mistakes right.

But we learn. So keep keep in mind that emotional states are it's all it all comes down to feelings and it all comes down to awareness. I threw that out there just to kind of because. I talk.

I wanted to tell give you guys some insight into. I'm going to give you one more neuro. Neuroscience tidbit for relationship management neurologically this is not. David's chauvinistic side coming out my misogynist side although.

I have one it's back here somewhere. But um neurologically speaking when a woman gets stressed out wom gets stressed out she gets progressively more detail oriented the technical term is picky. Nar nasty right. We she makes big deals out of little from our perspective they all do it they all do it it's just a question of how they express it okay.

So here's the thing you want to do and we're going to we're going to be talking about body language very very we're actually getting into body language and the. First thing the. First principle you need to understand when we start looking at body language is you have to be able to measure change. First thing you need in order to be able to measure change is hey you got to be looking for change means you need to be aware you need to be out of your head and in the world paying attention to what goes on in front of you okay.

Not waiting for her to stop talking. So you can say what you were going to say. Next or vice versa because we both do it both genders manipulate each other get over it it's just how it works. But what you also need is you need something to measure against you need a baseline you need to know is it getting better is it getting worse what am.

I measuring against that's the fundamental principle of kinesic interview and interrogation which. I studied you know when. I was back when. I.

I'm a licensed acupuncturist here in the state of. California. I'm a master trainer or a master practitioner and trainer in neural linguistic programming. I'm a master hypnotist.

I've. WR. I've aled over 15 different programs on various forms of persuasion and influence in communication okay. My specialty in the clinic is uh like.

I told you before dealing with physiological illness that has as its root repressed emotion. I was joking with the lady back here that she says she's going to fill my quote up for weight loss patients well actually. I did have a quota. But.

I. I. I lifted it just for her because she's special that way. But.

I don't get those smoke sensation that's not what comes to me. I get everything else. I get the really cool stuff right. But nobody's in my chair because of feelings they're expressing nobody's in my chair because of feelings they're consciously aware of okay.

I. I have a little bit of experience dealing with this stuff. I'm also an energy healer okay. I have a master's degree in.

Oriental medicine. I'm a certified raike. Master. I've been doing raiki since before raiki was cool right.

I'm a certified pronic healer and psychotherapist this is the part my daughter hates this is where the laundry list comes out. I'm a certified. DNA and advanced. DNA.

Theta healer and. I've just got certified in uh the bangston energy healing method which is amazingly cool and. I'm probably going to do some workshops on that bangston energy method it's don't get me started on that. I'll do a different meet up on that.

But uh um you you've heard my pickup pedigree right. I'm also a high level martial artist. I've been doing all kinds of chiong martial arts for most of my life um one of the yes. Somebody had a question that practice.

I do. Systema is the most recent one okay. But. I've been doing.

II. Jiu-Jitsu qo uh. Jitsu which is an art that deals with attacking and manipulating the acupuncture points of the. Body for self-defense you can also use them for other things too.

But that's a different class well this is actually closer to the class of martial arts. But my point. I guess is is that you need to be aware you need to to kind of see the. Matrix and that's kind of where.

I want to go um. So this is what. I bring to it when. I when.

I was deciding to go to accupuncture school. I was torn do. I go into healthc care or law enforcement. I my my my dream was to be a criminal profiler.

I. I just wanted to be the guy that that got inside people's heads and figured out. So. I aced my kinesic interview and interrogation classes and as.

I continue to do my research in how much money. Healthcare people make the life expectancy of the average law enforcement person. I chose. Healthcare.

But. I never lost my passion for observing humanity and and trying to understand them for me turns out that a lot of the stuff. I solve for me. I can help you with here's where we're going every human being on the planet man and woman has what.

I call hardwired within them the mating dance okay. Their body language falls into two basic categories in the world according to. David you have genetically hardwired body language cues and. Then you have socially programmed culturally programmed gestures you walk down any.

Street in. America and do this show them your driving finger and you will get a specific response you go to other countries you do this this it doesn't have the same effect true not true right. I don't waste my time not they're not that they're important not that they're irrelevant. I don't waste my time on culturally specific gestures because they're not nearly as useful as the ones every human being on the planet has the process.

I'm going to share with you now is hardwired into every human being on on the planet and there's a lot of. Mojo going on. I'm going to. I'm going to ask one of the ladies to come up and assist me in not yet she's a little excited we're going to walk through these stages and.

I. I actually have a a video clip from another. Meetup where. I taught these stages and one of the interesting things that.

I started the. Meetup off was. I taught you about feelings. I taught you about being playful right.

I told you everyone on the planet has a checklist right. Starts with being aware starts with understanding what you're seeing um we started with a state control exercise now in in the world according to. David in all of my courses you can't get to my. Advanced courses until you've been vetted on your ability to go in and out of any emotional state like that okay.

I gave you a little tiny taste of it we have a a 3-day attraction. Workshop coming up we will go very very deep into that okay. But when we assume a certain physiology the brain pays attention we go into the feeling. States we go into the perceptual filters that emotional refractory period.

I talked about remember. I said when your emotional state changes your perceptions change you ever try to talk somebody who's in love with somebody out of it right. You ever try to point out all the flaws that that person has. Bing binging not.

So much right. Welcome to the wonderful world of the emotional refractor period for those of you who may not be able to relate to that. I'll ask you another qu give you another quick example how many people here have ever bought a car cool how many people here actually bought a new car like really new oh. I got to teach you guys how to make more money okay.

But maybe it was new for you right. That's me it's new for me right. But you you you you figure out kind of car you want you read all the reports you read all the reviews you go from dealership to dealership to dealership making sure they have the exact car you want in the exact color you haggle you haggle you back and forth back and forth and. Then one day you make that decision to purchase and you buy your car you get in the car you're driving home maybe you got the radio cranking and you look.

Around and every on the planet bought the same car on the same day what's up with that emotional refractory period okay. I used to play a game called punch buggy you guys remember that game that's where you got to you got to get to honestly beat up your friend you drive around in the back seat looking for all the. Volkswagen. Beetles and every time you saw one you saw it before your friend did you get to smack them and for the.

Next 20 minutes after that game's over you're seeing punch bugs everywhere right. Slugs bug right. It's the same process what we see our reality the things that we pay attention to the things that we ignore are based on our emotional states if you want somebody to see only the best in you put them in a really freaking good state right. But there's a flip side if.

I can put you in a certain physiology for a long enough period of time you will go into the feeling and the interesting thing and. I'm frontloading it. I don't know if it'll happen this time. But um the.

Last one of the. Last times. I demoed this. I had a lady up and we're talking about the seven stages.

I call it the mating dance and as you watched the video you systematically see her falling in love with me as she as we're describing. And discussing each of the body language positions and every female in the audience was cheering for her one of the ladies said says this is the best chick flick. I've seen in weeks right. My point is is that we have a feedback loop between our emotions and our body we can use one to affect the other if you're if you're one of those people who suffers from chronic depression look.

At the physiologies and the postures you spend the most time in. I guarantee you rock your shoulders back you put your head up it's impossible to stay depressed. But we sit in cubicles most of the day we drive for a living. So we're kind of like this what's the body language of depression who knew it's right.

In front of you the whole time nobody showed you you weren't paying attention to it. So if you want to come on up and. I need two. I need two cups can someone give me two cups please this you can sit am.

I going to fall in love with you now you're already in love with me you just haven't realized it yet how did you know me me me it was a clue what's your name again sweetie yena. Elena oh. I love that it's. So.

Russian is it. Russian orian belarian. I stand corrected all right. So if.

I go to bellarus and. I'm sitting in a bar this will work if. I go to to. Mexico and.

I'm sitting in a bar. I'll need a machete and an. M16. But it'll still work if.

I go to. Africa in a grass. Hut where they're serving. Grog or something it'll work why these processes are hardwired into us.

So there are seven stages. I call it the mating dance they are body language stages that take you from stranger to intimacy once you understand them you can look. At any couple understand their posture and orientation and know what stage of the relationship they're at on their way from stranger to intimacy once you understand it you'll know what to do when because this is where guys screw everything up not because they want to. But because they don't understand the psychology that drives this in 80% of this process that you're going to see me acting out with.

Elena we're not acting out we're going to we're going to dissect it and. I'm going to explain it 80% of the time she's leading the dance okay. Now there's a few key things oh. I didn't finish that open loop about the uh the the pickiness part right.

The more stressed out a woman gets the pickier she gets ladies the more stressed out a guy gets the more. Global he gets the more vague he becomes this is why you have these knockdown drag out fights it's because you're getting really specific because you're stressed he doesn't want to hear it and he tells you stop making such a big deal out of okay. The way you work with that is you have to calibrate a. Bas line you have to know what the average pickiness level of your spouse or significant other is and calibrate the change and if you notice a level of pickiness going up you'll know right.

Away that they're more stressed without ever having to say anything and you can change your behavior accordingly none of this information is going to do you any good unless you do two things pay attention and do something different everything. I teach comes down to that okay. Pay attention pay attention pay attention now. First thing that's going to happen when we go to approach once we get past our.

Terror of approaching another human being face forward please. So this is the average hunting posture for the man in a bar right. She's sitting never done bars. I don't go it's my.

First time oh. First time yes. So. Then she's more right.

But this the average now again we're going to talk about some fundamentals if you can imagine that if two people are back to back these are their backs their back to back what we have here is a case of zero. Rapport these people are moving away from each other got that fact. Atlanta come on up here come over here we'll do this we'll just act this out real quick. So you can understand it oh.

I got hooked on you no. Pun intended. So if we're back to back this way this is zero. Rapport this is no.

Connection whatsoever we're moving in different directions okay. As we go through the mating dance two things changes orientation and proximity. So when the mating dance starts we may be in this position more often than not we'll either be like this which is always a bad idea. But more often than not it'll be like this why is this important the orientation tells you who the.

Seeker in the process is when a guy approaches a woman at the bar who has more frontal orientation me or her you you. Therefore big picture she has more value in the relationship than. I do already because. I'm seeking her now whether she's because she's attractive she's wealthy she's blah blah blah blah it doesn't matter for whatever the very natural aspect of this orientation tells us who the.

Seeker in the relationship is if a woman if. I'm standing this and a woman comes up to me it's the same. Dynamic right. It's the posture and or it's the position and orientation that are important as people move from stranger to.

Friendship to intimacy the proximity will change they will not be linear. So you will see you will see this you see this this this this this that's the big picture and. Then that you all are naughty d. I didn't not you understand why you said more value more value because what happens is we are hard ired to seek people who make us feel good about us.

But on a a reptilian or or. Primal level we are trained to sort for people who have greater. Health greater resources or the potential for it okay. The way of.

The. Reptilian. Brain of a male judges health is beauty certain height weight ratio okay. Ladies have different criteria neurologically you sort different okay.

Um in fact while. I'm while. I'm doing this at the risk of distracting you maybe we can have. Tracy hand out the uh the workshop handouts and.

Then we'll talk about that. Later. So go sit down again. So that's the big picture.

But now we want to understand the nuances if she's s facing directly forward this is what's usually going to happen if this were a bar or a cocktail table or something at a like a wedding reception or something she's more or less going to have this orientation. However as she sees me approach this is going to be fun. But she actually did she actually did the. First stage it's called acknowledgement she went from this to this see the subtle shift when she looked at me she turned her body her shoulders just a teeny bit that's the acknowledgement stage when she looks at me and dis me the acknowledgement stage there's something else.

I'm going to look. For a does she give me positive eye contact and. B does she give me an unconscious hello or the death gaze the unconscious hello is an eyebrow flash if. I look.

At you go hey how you doing he want to see you see that that go like that every mammal on the planet does it okay. It signals friend if you ever walk up to somebody say hi and they go you're like oh things shrivel right. But when they walk up you go hey how you doing or you go up to them and they go hi how you doing and they go like that back you feel better it's unconscious it happens in a a fraction of a. Second it's a micro expression that all mammals share.

So as. I approach. I'm going to look. Around in the eyes.

There's a smile you can always tell the real smile see the little turn sideways see the little crinkles it might be hard to see in the back of the room. But that's how you know it's an honest smile if and trust me this is a big one you walk up to a woman and she goes hi how you doing she's either had way too much. Botox or she's just pretending brother when you make an approach when you approach anyone the. First thing man or woman doesn't matter the.

First thing you want the. First thing body language cue that you look. For positive eye contact positive eye contact has to be looking in the eyes. Has to be a genuine smile the genuine smile always has a duchaine it's called a duchaine smile these little muscles in and around the sides of the face will crinkle up okay.

That means come talk to me doesn't mean. I'm going to sleep with you doesn't mean from the guy from. Guy. Speak doesn't mean.

I'm going to bang you like a screen door no. It doesn't work that way it means it means okay. Come talk to me show me what you got right. Now if she looks at me and gives me the death gaze she like.

I'm walking towards her and. I see this like there'll be a tendency to stop you'll pretend things didn't just shrivel right. Guys ladies deal with it you make a shrivel it's just the way it works okay. You just do that and we're done right.

But let's suppose that this is a a very average no. Offense very normal interaction as. I approach she's going to look. At me she's going to give me a slight turn she'll probably smile that's stage one means okay.

I see you. I she's acknowledged your presence come and talk to me if she gives you to the the positive eye contact and the the honest smile you're golden okay. The. Next stage and again and let me just.

I'm gonna. I'm. GNA go through my notes. So.

I don't miss anything for you is that okay. Um thank you glad you approve um actually. I just covered it all didn't. I.

I'm better than. I thought all right. Um and by the way the other thing you can add in there if you if you're close enough to see do our pupils dilate. But regardless of whether her people's dilate when you approach as you approach now you notice.

I'm in. I'm still in a relatively safe space. I'm not in here not in bubble. I'm not in her bubble because.

I haven't been invited in she will invite you you just got to know what to look. For remember from the acknowledgement stage forward the woman is leading the dance you got to get the coones up to actually get to acknowledgement you get acknowledgement you go to stage two stage two is called the pivot stage in the pivot stage now let's say. I have a drink. I'm going to be.

Joe. Cool okay. As as. I move into.

Stage. I'm going to set my drink see what she did already see how she moved her drink closer oh almost like. I planned it that the pivot stage she turns a little bit she orients her drink a little bit closer that's that's stage two. So if.

I did not like it would if. I did not like you it would be still here somewhere right. It's more yeah more likely you would be more like mhm cuz remember what we said about the orientation you can always tell if someone's into the conversation or not or whether they're just fighting on fighting the urge to chew off a limb to get away and the reason yes. Is it the same for a guy like if she was the guy and you were the girl.

I'm gonna say yes. Okay. But the man will still have to follow the lead this is one of those things where. Nature has decided that this is the gender's job and that's what they got to do right.

Now if a woman approaches me at a bar. I'm more likely to turn in facer and. I'll probably rock it through the the pivot stage really quick because. I'm a guy and that's that's how we do it right.

But a woman has got to have a few more barrier no. No. Pun intended barriers to entry. Then uh.

Then um. Then the dies and and and and it's important to understand this okay. There are much there are many more social ramifications to her sexuality than men now a lot of that's changing. But.

I'm. I'm going to be very traditional very. Humphrey. Bogart you know.

Red. Butler is deal with that that's just my generation yes. And by the way guys especially if you're under the age of 30 go watch those old movies and you will will be attractive like a rock star because our culture is systematically emasculating our men and women are starving starving yeah well. I guess.

I'm done okay. So she. I. I move.

I move to to communicate with her she she orients to me see she's that's all it need that's all it is it's that subtle just often it's that subtle okay. Now she even moved her glass closer do you know she actually moved to closer she went to stage three on me now you didn't you probably didn't see it. But basically what happened is she actually moved her physical body over and reached and touched me a little bit. I did you you watch the video you'll see it did you guys see it you guys saw it okay.

So now this is the key for stage three it's called the reaching stage now in reaching stage you're going to see this come in very in a few different varieties sometimes she'll just move her drink closer sometimes she'll pick up her napkin set it down and as she sets it down she'll move it closer she'll adjust her handbag she might adjust her sweater and move in here's the secret guys a woman will never make this obvious it will never be accidental. But it may very well be unconscious she will do these things and not consciously realize many times like you saw. Elena. Elena here she didn't realize she did it you have to you have to be paying attention because this the speed at which we recognize the cues that tells us how well we're doing and the speed at which ready for this we do them back that determines how fast you create intimacy connection and communication okay.

It's all about paying attention knowing the stage knowing what to do nine times out well five times out of 10 five times out of seven. I'm sorry because there's seven stages it's just doing it back exactly the same way at exactly roughly the same time give or take a few seconds. So you're mirroring yes. That's how your nervous system is wired watch two people who are in deeper report they're standing the same way they're right.

Next to each other they're oh. I'm glad. I'm. On video okay.

But again the whole point is is that now stage three is critical because it's when you have the reaching stage that you start to have genuine attraction up until. Then it can be curiosity it can be politeness. But when you get reaching that's the. First sign that there's actual attraction being generated okay.

You get to go to stage four. Next um and again what you'll see and again. I um she has her drink. I have my drink she'll just start to they'll just start to move closer and closer together right.

Now it's interesting she's having ball you're having fun with is she having a ball or what right. And all we're doing is mimicking stuff right. She's all giggly right. My point is my point is is that that's what we want to do we want to match we want to mirror and.

I had a student in my one of my very. First. Mastermind groups. I run a a professional.

Mastermind skill. Building. Group it's not a certification track. But it's for people who want to use advanced communication skills persuasion.

Technologies to come in and kind of spot troubleshoot aspects of their life we do it on the. Third. Saturday of every month. Cynthia is a member.

I think. I's been to one of them uhhuh and um who else is. I don't see anybody else who's been there. But we get together and we work for four hours to make sure you leave with the skills that get you the results you want.

I had a student her named. Tammy she owned a wine bar and. I started teaching the seven stages and she looked at me like oh my. God you are.

So right. At that. I watch people when they come into my bar and at the beginning of the night she's sitting on one. B he's sitting on the other other and by the end of the night their glasses are like that remember guys you got to pay attention to subtleties a woman is going to go out of her way to not appear like she's doing anything deliberately it's always deliberate it may not always be conscious their job their lifestyle is subtlety.

Okay. We're crom magnon. Men. We.

Beat things over the head till it stops moving okay. We're. Incredible. Hulks.

Black. Widow. World. Anyway.

But just mirroring just mirroring as we talk look. At her see the head tilt right. Now when you reach stage four this is where uh you're going to get into a trouble spot for guys and that's the touching stage she's already touched me. So.

I'm we're actually actually technically pass stage four. But we're not going there yet you just touch me see what she just did. I went like this she went like that yes. I touched her she touched me back.

So. I guess the answer to your question is yes. It works the other way too. But my point is there will be reciprocity to what you do the problem is is here is where guys lose it they think that the moment they have some kind of a physical contact it's okay.

To go for the kiss or as some guys think go for the boob no. Not a good idea okay. The secret to this if you watch if you watch what. I did when.

I touched her and she touched me do that again. I did like that. I did exactly like that back oh what' that feel like good. I like you.

I like you too see now she's mirroring my words right. This is the secret it's hidden you've seen this a million times hell you've probably been through it a million times and not realized it the secret here now is at the touching stage all she's really done is said. I like you. I'm comfortable with you.

I think there's something here let's see what happens when. I touch is are you safe to touch the secret here guys is you've been given permission to touch only the way she's touched you and where you see her melt when. I gave her her touch back that's what she's sorting for guys you're sorting for it too we're just a little bit more brutal right. So the whole idea here now is she feels much just from the touch she feels tremendously more more comfortable with me okay.

So. I have a question. So what if she did not tou you back. I don't do anything.

I stop and stay where. I'm at until it changes you see the problem isn't that it's not working it's the variable is time the variable is always time you may even notice you're going back down the arousal scale you may notice at some point she actually kind of sits back and gives a little distance guess what happened should the guy ever touch. First huh should the guy ever touch a lot of pickup artists will tell you to do that because you're forcing you're trying to accelerate a natural process. I'll say no.

Not at this point you there are there are ways that you can trick people into doing. Keno. There's ways to. Alpha people you see the thing about about social status is it gives us the ability it gives us the ability to pass people's boundaries without as much resistance and.

So when a pickup artist is teaching you to go for the touch what they're actually teaching you to do is demonstrate. Authority in that person's. World okay. And that's okay.

That's a very very powerful attraction generator. I don't want to go there because it can blow up in your face right. I want to make it idiot proof. I want to make it safe.

I know that if. I happen to touch her and it does happen by accident that you you you brush and she brushes you or or something like that and she doesn't jump or whatever or she mimics it back we're connecting we're going forward right. But this is again where you'll see the. Next transition.

But this is one of those places that. Last one of the times. I. I was teaching a a full hypnotic attraction.

Workshop. I was. I was walking through these four stages. I says and now the woman's touched you what do you do and every guy in the place goes kiss her.

I said no. You it's no. It's not time. But this is the biggest sticking point a guys try to touch too quick they touch in the wrong place and they think it's time to kiss no.

What you've been given is you basically have the acknowledge okay. I feel comfortable relatively comfortable and safe with you now the touch is to see what you'll do right. Right. Sometimes a woman will drop a sexually explicit remark just to see what you'll do about it take sex off the table you do this right.

She's going to put it back on why you're matching her criteria you're matching her rules you're me you're figuring out exactly in her world what makes it okay. To feel that way and about somebody and act on it instead of saying a ramrod no. Pun intended ramrod your tell your criteria and what you want into her life and hope it fits right. You want a match key to lock she's going to show you exactly what to do she's going to show you can't not happen and you may you may stay at this you may stay at the the reaching stage for 10 15 20 minutes you may you may rock it right.

Through them. I guarantee you if you aware of these stages and you do them properly you will move through way fast yes. How does the hand shake fit in there a handshake you have to again same principle if if she's shaking your hand it's a very formal thing right. I'm.

I. I watch groups all the time when strangers meet and boys and girls don't usually shake hands unless there's some kind of a formal thing going on right. Yeah. So there's a there's an aloofness there right.

But once you get in the conversational. Dynamic this stuff will start to happen it can be actually work in a business context as well even if it's not a seduction as somebody feels more and more comfortable with a with a client or with a coach or whatever these stages will start to manifest to a greater or lesser degree the seduction. Continuum the movement from stranger to complete intimacy is the model of all social interaction we start at zero. Rapport face not having any connection whatsoever and we seek connection right.

That's the model whether it's a sales confr a sales interaction a teaching interaction we got to connect human beings are hardwired to se search for connection and it leaves cues it leaves indicators it's just our socialization our level of preoccupation we don't see the. Matrix. But we are the victims of it okay. I'm teaching you to see the.

Matrix that rabbit hole goes really deep. But if you just. UND if you just did nothing. But take the playfulness aspects.

I'm. I'm sharing with you and understanding 60% of all approaches are initiated by females and they're going to do it by proximity you know to sort for positive eye contact you're going to be much more confident when you go up and talk to him because you're going to know before you get there she actually wants to speak with you ladies if you realize that we're dumb as rocks we don't understand the things you're doing are very very obvious to you the things you're doing are very very obvious to. The. Other.

Women around you they are not obvious to us. So you have to change because we're stupid and. I'm when we're stupid in the best ways. I'm.

I'm going to go out in the limb here and say pretty much 99% of the guys in this room are good people they're deserving people they're loving people they're people that you would like to have in your life. But the behaviors and the rituals that you've been working with will keep most of them at day unless you're willing to become more aware unless you're willing to do something different it starts with just understanding learning to see and being willing to do something different okay. So one of the things that we've gotten through the touching stage. So now we're kind of a pair almost.

I can still screw it up trust me. I've done it okay. Um. I'm.

I'm really good at like doing all my notes from memory it's pretty cool now the. Next space is where the guy kind of has to man up a little bit right. How many people ever watch like. National.

Geographic right. You ever watch those stupid documentaries on birds where the freaking male bird spends all summer building a nest beautiful. Nest steals everything from every house in the planet got a few shoelaces some tin foil little shag carpet got the little. Matchbox little like.

Barbie stereo in the corner going. So what does he do he hangs out outside the nest right. Waiting for. Barbie.

Bird come scooting by what does. Barbie bird do does she go rushing right. In and move in she goes no. Let's see what you got see you got a bathroom that bedroom looks kind of big what do you got in mind boy you know kitchen's not bad you know what oh wait wait wait is that a.

Mercedes in the garage and she moves right. In seen that on. National. Geographic or something similar right.

Anybody here ever remember those old 1950s movies probably not you're not as old as me right. But you know how they spoof the old dating the old dating scenario guy takes a his girl out to a movie for the. First date and they're walking down the aisle they sit down they got the popcorn the movie go down she's like please please she's like right. Oh my.

God. I couldn't. Telegraph it anymore see what see your move it's called. The.

Snuggle space what do. I do at this point this is where you have to man up this is where you create a space and she either moves in or she doesn't she's she's actually you're fighting it aren't you what you're fighting the how do he know she's actually fighting the urge to no. I'm not no. You're not no.

No. See you're blinking that's a lie. But that's one of the few points in the process where the man has to do something different if. I create the snuggle space she moves in we're off and running now she's basically said okay.

I'm with you yes. Oh no. I'm. I'm any touching is incidental.

But basically all. I'm doing. I'm just creating a space and seeing how how quickly or how slowly she moves into it she may not move into it very fast which means she's not ready doesn't mean you take it away it means you continue the conversation now you notice most of the time. I'm spending talking to you.

But what happens when. I actually. Focus my attention you see this she knows it's a demo are you sure you sure there it goes the snuggle space this is where you got a man up okay. And this is what actually shows you're the right.

Kind of alpha okay. You're socially aware you're socially. Adept that gives you status in her eyes. Okay.

Okay. We're we're coming in on 9:30. I got to rush a little bit. I guess.

Next phase and you actually she started to do it it's a little rough because of the the the way the table set up. So just stand up for just a. Second sweetie no. On the floor yeah.

So just give. I'm going to give yourself a little bit of room. So just sit back a little bit now what'll happen here is once we were back in the snuggle space she she's right. There what will actually start to happen now is her orientation will start to change the blue it will start to it will start to move this way this would be the minor synchronization stage now what'll also happen here she's like jumping up and down under the table if.

I take a drink she'll take a drink or she'll try right. If. I. I adjust or she'll tend to mirror and mimic my movements.

But we're almost facing she's actually still a little bit more forward because of the. Orient like something like that not doing yeah that's exactly right. See how we're almost facing one another this is minor synchronization minor syn minor synchronization okay. We're we're we're if.

I were sitting we'd have the same basic physiology and almost face to face okay. Now. I'm in. The.

Snuggle space we're here see how she wants to turn right. And now she wants to go to. Stage six or stage seven now the disco music plays and and that's full synchronization that's and at this point at at pretty much any point after the snuggle space it's a little bit of a a judgment call when to go for the kiss. But what you look.

For massive pupil dilation head tilts okay. The lower lip will protrude like. Angelina. Jolie on boat on the whatever that is they put in there okay.

She the collagen shots you'll see the this proudy look. She'll tend to look. At your lips by the way too these are all things that let you know no. It's time of course that begs the question what do you say to the woman to get her to go through all this stuff right.

Do you need a microphone no. There's actually a very very explicit system that. I teach that takes you no. Pun intended from.

Soup. To. Nuts everything both men and women need to know in fact. I was.

I'm probably the only the only trainer now that's actually teaching attraction workshops that are designed to be men and women in the same room together practicing not that that's a different class. But what we got coming up. February 6th 7th and 8th just in time you think ver 6 7th and 8th we have a three-day rapid attraction. Secrets.

Workshop we're going to take you not just through these seven stages we're going to teach you exactly how to approach how to be approached how to make sure that the image that you're sending out matches the one you have inside how to interpret the body language of the opposite sex. So you know what those gestures mean. So you can make the best decision possible we're going to teach you two separate conversational. Frameworks that will generate attraction in a man or a woman in 20 minutes in as little as 20 minutes and keep them hooked on you for as long as you want and that's just the beginning of what we're going to do okay.

Um it is not fair. But all is fair in. Love and. War right.

And the. Beautiful part is is not only will you get all your crap handled. I'll show you how to blow out limiting beliefs. I'll show you how to get all those pictures in your head of the people who broke your heart and left you to die.

I'll show you how to get rid of that once and for all and uh and we'll go even deeper into to how to make sure that the image you convey your personal branding you'll have more confidence you'll have more awareness you'll have more understanding you'll become you'll learn how to become the most fascinating person in the room now if you look. At your rapid attraction sheets. Workshop which. I don't have.

So. I'm just going to by the way give. Elena a big round of applause she was wonderful it's okay. For you to be on video right.

Yeah yeah you ma uh question. So the situation in the bar and a guy a woman doesn't like a which is a polite way to kind of like. Get depends on the degree of the interaction a lot of times you can go oh there's my friends. I have to go you can say you know what.

I. I this is a really great conversation let's continue it give me your email now why because you want to turn the guy down. But you don't want to destroy his self-esteem like most guys are nice guys most women are nice women they don't want to be. But they don't have any other choice cuz they don't know anything different.

So find ways to say no. Without destroying their self-esteem you want more guys to approach don't destroy them when they do right. And it's again it's not that you mean to do it and correct me if. I'm wrong it's not that you mean to do it some of you.

But it's that there's a gap they're not getting the message they're not getting the hint. So you need to up it step it up a little bit right. But you can ask them you can say they're my friends excuse me. I want.

I need to go get my drink you can anything that extricates you my friends let's take this on let's continue this discussion in email that's a very very easy way to put up some safety get some distance and not be a and still maybe they'll do something. Later that vindicates thems you know little things that you can do does that help thank you give a round. Applause big round of applause for. Elena um.

So yeah normally what. I do when. I'm when. I'm creating a workshop or a product line.

I do a lot of business on the internet internet. So you guys are my guinea pigs. I test a lot of things. I see the results that people get and we're getting ready to to launch the rapid attraction.

Secrets program on a much larger scale and when we do that program is going to be $2,000 for the same three days. So what. I'd like to do because you guys are my friends because you sat through my amazingly boring conversational persuasion uh. I'd like to give you guys a gift you'll notice if you if you look.

All the way down at the bottom of your sheet it says if you yes. David enroll me today for the special uh and again save $200 you get the entire workshop for $ 750. I'm going to go one better nah maybe. I won't here's what.

I'm going to do anybody who sees. Tracy tonight and enrolls in that. Workshop. February 6th 7th and 8th you get the entire three days the entire training and.

I trust and there's a couple of guys here. Jim just been through it uh. Stephen has just been through my uh. Beyond hypnosis personal they'll tell you it's intense the things they come out you you'll wind up with superpowers.

I mean you really will um you get the entire three days 350 bucks. But you got to sign up tonight before you leave when what the. Next one. I won't you call uh uh if you want to know what other trainings we have coming up you can go to.

NLP. I'll put it on the board. NLP power.com events that has my tenative training calendar for the entire year and. I teach everything from hypnotherapy.

I certify people in neural linguistic programming one of the things. I'm a little stupid sometimes. I'm a little slow. I was.

I was offering workshops for like two or three years before. I realized that not everybody wanted to be a hypnotherapist. I do one and in a room of a hundred people right. And.

Then. I realized that the people who come to my workshops fall into one of three categories. First of all. NLP power.com and by the way the video for tonight's event give me a few days to edit it it will be available for you to watch online at.

NLP power.com that's my gift okay. If you want to join the the site there's no. Charge you set up your free account and. Then you'll have access to some extra videos and stuff like that okay.

Npower.com events this video will be available for everyone or just this group well for a while it will be available to everyone and. Then will go into the members only section and only people who actually have created their account will be able to access it that's usually what. I do is. I leave certain videos free to the public others they're free to the public for the certain amount of time and.

Then they go into the members only area others never go to the public they go right. Into product that's kind of how. I do things okay. Uh.

So npower.com events. So my my demographic falls into three categories obviously the. First one is people who actually. I do it like this there's people who want to fix their own right.

These are people who want to do it themselves. I create courses and trainings for that that's what. Beyond self hypnosis secrets of. Personal.

Mastery was this past weekend it was about people who wanted to learn how to use the. NLP hypnosis and other energy modalities to fix their own life to do it themselves that by and large is most of us there's a smaller segment who wants me to fix their okay. For that come see. Tracy got 30 minute free consultation if you're a match for what.

I do and. I'll be honest with you not everybody is if you're a match. I'll tell you. I'll outline some strategies about how we can go about getting you the results you want in your life if.

I can't. I'll tell you that too and. I'll point you in another. Direction.

I'll point you to some resources some books another trainer another coach another therapist whatever it is you need. I'll do that because that's what. I do. I'm here to do two things in this life to eliminate as much suffering as humanly possible and to show you what's possible for you to show you what's possible.

I have to be willing to demonstrate what's possible that's just the way. I roll. So if you fit in that area see. Tracy get on the schedule uh for those of you who want to fix other people's which.

I like to call a special kind of stupid uh we have a whole bunch of certifications and trainings coming up you're more than welcome to ask about those the. Next big one uh that. I'm promoting and. Then.

I'm we're starting early bird enrollment for is the real world hypnotherapy hypnosis and hypnotherapy certification it's a 5-day training it'll be here in this building in the room. Next door it's 9 to 6. Monday through. Friday or not.

Monday. Monday through. Friday. I don't know it's uh 20.

March 17th through the 21st 9 to6 and you will learn some of the most amazing ways to help other people on the planet this is stuff. I use every day clinically. So if it's something you know you want to do. I'm happy to answer any questions we're doing an early bird for that right.

Now again my regular classes are anywhere from $2,000 and up if you want to enroll in that it's 950 and that expires on. February 15th. I do ask a couple of things hey if you had a great time if you learned a lot please post good things to the meet up if you didn't have a good time if. I boarded the pants off you please post to somebody else's meet up thank you very much we'll see you.
