Title: Healing Manifestation Meditation: Kabbalistic Meditation, Spiritual Healing Energy Healing ASMR
File Name: YaN74ZZi2hc.txt
Video Id: YaN74ZZi2hc
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YaN74ZZi2hc

I'll tell you what we're gonna do. Then um we're gonna do one more meditation um and. Then we'll call it a day this one is going to be uh healing meditation. So um let me just change my background again this is called the men hey.

Sheen and traditionally this is the the name of. God used to summon healing let me read this to you really quick [Music] foreign keeps going behind my screen. I can't read it okay. Um the memes.

Sheen healing and neutralizing all diseases provides a healing energy at the deepest level the name helps to achieve. Better. Health counteracts any type of illness heals the body and mind protects against pain chronic fatigue and dysfunction and strengthens the mental health promotes cleansing taking responsibility for your current situation and transferring healing energies to strengthen other people now in our in the coaching program we actually taught you how to create thought forms uh and impregnate thought forms using this particular process. But that's not the purview of this particular uh training.

So we're going to do the kabbalistic meditation. So this particular meditation can be done a lot like a. Reiki meditation where you go into. State you create the symbol and the energy beams you beam the state the the symbol through you and out into the world.

So this can be used for. Hands-On healing this can be used for distance and remote healing. But the idea once again uh as in just as now and one of the interesting things about about the. Kabbalah that.

I was trained in is there was only one other discipline that was allowed to be taught in the in the. Kabbalah. Center where. I was and that was.

Reiki and that was because the structure of. Reiki was. So. So.

I. So similar to the kabbalistic systems that they were almost the same thing. So we can take for those of you who have a. Reiki background you can take your.

Reiki meditation mechanics apply this symbol and funnel healing energy that way okay. So um let's go ahead and close your eyes. Take a deep breath in foreign deeper and deeper. With.

Every. Breath. You. Take and every beat of your heart.

I just want you to relax and let go listen to the sound of my voice any sounds that you hear other than the sounds of my voice are simply the sounds of our natural environment they're not going to disturb you or distract you in any way in fact all they're going to do is signal you remind you reinforce inside your mind body and soul the fact that you're completely safe that no. Matter how far inside you travel no. Matter how deep inside you go you will always always always be able to hear my words follow my instructions obey my commands because you realize that everything. I say and everything.

I do is for you to give you the life and the lifestyle that you want the way that you want it by your standards and your definitions now in a moment not yet. But in just a moment. I'm going to ask you to focus all of your attention on the lids of your eyes. I'm going to ask you begin to relax those tiny muscles in your eyelids.

I want you to continue to relax them more and more and more until they're. So relaxed they just don't want to work anymore and when you are satisfied you're convinced they're. So relaxed they just don't want to work anymore all. I want you to do is give them a quick test just to be sure now when you're satisfied stop testing allow that level of relaxation to flow from the top of your head all the way down to the tips of your toes deeper and deeper.

With. Every. Breath. You.

Take and every beat of your heart. I just want you to relax and let go now in a moment not yet. But in just a moment. I'm going to ask you to begin to relax your mind just as deeply as we've been relaxing your body we're going to do that in a very special way in a moment not yet.

But in just a moment. I'm going to ask you to begin to imagine the. I'm sorry to uh yeah to imagine the alphabet backwards starting with the letter z from each and. Every.

Breath. You. Take and each and every beat of your heart all. I want you to do is relax those letters completely out of your mind allow them if you will to become smaller and darker harder to see turn the volume all the way down down deeper and deeper down down yeah now obviously.

I can't do this for you only you can allow this to happen and when you know they're gone and you're as deeply relaxed and your mind as you are in your body all. I want you to do is allow your head to nod with honest unconscious movements to let me know and we'll continue with the. Next part of our process drifting dreaming flowing smaller darker harder to see turning the volume all the way down yeah yeah deeper and deeper down down that's right. Now in a moment not yet.

But in just a moment. I'm going to ask you to begin to use that amazing imagination of yours that. I know that you have and. I'm always wondering.

I'm always curious if you could imagine a place place that was. So nourishing some nurturing. So protective. So transformational.

So forgiving. So absolutely safe that no. Negativity of any kind could exist there for even a fraction of a. Second without being immediately vaporized turned into its opposite.

I'm curious. I'm wondering if you could imagine what a place like that might be like what might you see in that amazing place what might you hear what might you smell what might you taste because when you do that when you're in that place and you see what you see you can hear what you hear smell and you taste what you smell and you taste there is an amazing wonderful transformational feeling that you get a feeling that lets you know they're truly safe and there's a place in your body where those amazing wonderful feelings start to grow spread from take a moment went to where you feel that now you may notice that there's a color maybe even a series of colors connected to those amazing feelings. I'm curious what color of colors that might be for you. First impression whatever those colors are imagine a brilliant ball of that energy floating above your head notice how the feelings in your body shift and change is.

With. Every. Breath. You.

Take and every beat of your heart that amazing ball of energy begins to grow begins to expand begins to fill the entire room from floor to ceiling from wall to wall and all points in between notice how it wraps itself around you like an amazing blanket safety protection forgiveness a cocoon a shield a suit of armor insulating you protecting you from all threats all dangerous real or imagined. But at the same time flood in your mind flooding your body flooded your spirit and everything it most wants everything it most needs in an infinite ever expanding it's once you know you've got that bringing those amazing colors through your entire being let it fill you up like water fills up a bottle like fluid fills up a test tube like hot air or healing it fills up and. Then anchor it in. So full.

So completely no. Force in the universe turn it off take it away not even you and when you realize it's true test it try to turn it off try to take it away notice what happens instead when you're satisfied stop testing breathe more of that energy through your body as you breathe more and more of that energy into your body you can feel your spirit body beginning to swell up with more and more that energy you can feel your energy body expanding outward you can feel your physical body following your spirit body and your energy body you can feel your soul emanating and radiating outward in all directions with each in-breath that energy gets thicker and thicker in all six directions forward backwards right. Left up down feel that energy flowing deeper and deeper into every level of your mind body and soul when you got that allow yourself to just sit and allow your. Consciousness to turn inward back into that place absolute safety because you move back into that place of absolute safety as you dissolve into it completely you may begin to notice another energy calling to you from that place an energy that radiates brightness healing restoration and transformation if you could imagine a place that was.

So human a place that was. So healing that would allow you to experience stronger mental health and cleansing the healing energy at the deepest level where anything that will become in contact with this energy was immediately transformed healed to its greatest potential curious there were a place that was the source of that energy what might that be like what might you see in that space what might you hear what might you smell what might you taste because when you do that when you're in that place and you see what you see and you hear what you hear you smell and you taste what you smell in your taste there's an amazing wonderful feeling that you get a feeling of absolute transformational healing and there's a wonderful place in your body where those amazing feelings start where they grow where they spread from take a moment going to where you feel it notice there's a color maybe even a series of colors connected to those amazing feelings. I'm curious what color colors that might be for you. First impression whatever that color is.

I. Want. You to. Breathe those amazing energies through your entire game let it fill you up like water fills up a bottle like fluid fills up a test tube like hot air helium fills up a balloon anchor it in.

So fully. So completely no. Force in the universe can turn it off or take it away once you know you've got that once again breathe those energies through the center core of your body down through your heart into your lower. Dan.

Tien where they form the shape of the. Hebrew letters men hey sheep and if you're not sure what those look. Like you can allow your eyes. To open and notice the shapes on your screen and notice how the feelings in your body shift and change as that energy begins to take on that shape to take on that substance begins to emanate and radiate and radiate in all directions filling up your lower dantian within a magnificent reservoir of healing energy and as that energy continues to fill and overflow it moves up your.

Center core into your heart forming another meme hey. Sheen emanating from your heart center front back right. Left up down purging all. Darkness all.

Shadow all disease all ill health all patterns that are not healthy for you in any way shape or form replacing it with infinite brilliant. Divine. Life and when you know you've got that allow that energy to travel up into the center of your head where it forms yet another memoration and notice how the feelings in your body shift and change as the. Divine letters emanate radiate purging all.

Darkness all. Shadow all disease all all negative patterns from your mind your body your soul over spirit and as you allow those energies to flow notice how they begin the pills from top to bottom from bottom to top all three men. Asians vibrate emanate circulating sitting wave after wave after wave of brilliant transforming. Keening energy through your mind your body and as that energy ripples out into the world in an infinite ever expanding and.

Unlimited. Supply. Your. Vessel.

Mind. Body. Soul spirit physical body completely saturated with that energy the more you pull in and share the more you have the more healing you share the more healing you receive when you're ready imagine now beautiful ball of that men hey. Sheen floating up from your heart to your heart from your heart it flows down into your stomach sheds its brilliant brilliant light into your stomach and your spleen and your pancreas oh purging all.

Shadow. Of. Darkness all negativity restoring it to the perfect blueprint that nature intended and when that part of me was completely filled and saturated notice how the feelings in your body shift and change is that energy moves into your lungs permeating emanating radiating filling your lungs with infinite light when your lungs are completely saturated filled with that light the energy travels down into your lower. Don's hand again emanates even more strongly and.

Then it begins to radiate into your kidneys two three three three emanating filling your kidneys with infinite healing light restoring revitalizing rejuvenating and. Then that energy travels from your kidneys into your liver your gallbladder filling that energy filling that space with infinite radiant light purging all rage frustration guilt resentment timidity fear and. Brilliant radiance fills that organ restoring it to perfect health and. Then the energy travels back into your heart from your heart down into your lower dantian and it begins to emanate outward fill in the entire room with that infinite healing energy and as you allow that energy to emanate and irradiate through every level of your mind body and soul allow yourself to.

Simply dissolve into it while. I remain quiet for a while foreign very good now like a snow globe that has been shaken just like all the little flakes begin to settle to the bottom allow all the energy that you've accumulated in all of your bodies to begin to settle to float down your. Center core through your heart into your lower. Dan.

Tien for it all settles and pools forming a vast unlimited. Reservoir of healing energy energy that you can call upon whenever you want to whenever you need to when all the energy is settled into the lower dantean extend your hands out. Palms towards the floor breathe in. Imagine breathing in.

Earth energy into your palms as your hands rise up towards the heavens breathe in heaven. Chi as you accumulate the. Earth in heaven she exhaled down through your. Center core pushing all that energy down into your lower dantian and sealing that healing energy in on tap and on call whenever you need it when you've got that once again breathe in.

Earth cheat. Heaven cheat exhale down into your lower downtown breathe in. Earth cheat haven't she exhale down sealing that energy in a moment not yet. But in just a moment.

I'm going to count from one to five as. I reach the number five you can emerge from this process realizing you can come back to this place to this energy to this vibration anytime you want to anytime you need to to restore yourself to tap into that healing power that you've been resonating with to use it as needs fit number one feel yourself returning to this place we call reality bringing with you a deeper one number two all of my suggestions from me to you from you dear on other than conscious mind now ten times more powerful a hundred times more permanent a thousand times more thrilling fulfilling and satisfying than ever before embraced held locked into that part of your mind body and soul the most wants desires can. Implement facilitate and express these changes in all the ways that give you the life that you want the way that you want it by your standards and your definitions number three because there's always at least three ways to overcome many situation obstacle or circumstance that you may face there's always at least three solutions to any problem you need to solve in your all-powerful other than conscious mind will now easily effortlessly and automatically generate those. Solutions and.

Implement them in the quickest easiest most effective way for the bit of yourself and all concerned number four because it's all for you you've made the investment you've made the journey you've followed the instructions you've obeyed the commands you've tested the results you've certainly earned the rewards and the right. To keep them it's your reality it's your truth it's your life and you get to live it to the fullest starting now on the. Next count you can emerge from this process. I've had clear mind clear heart clear.

Soul clear thinking feeling acting with self-assurance feeling good all over glad to be alive ready to thrive number five take your time come on back notice how good you fit.
