Title: 11Y8p6Ui-zE.txt
Video Id: 11Y8p6Ui-zE
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=11Y8p6Ui-zE

Uh ladies and gentlemen start your engines hey everybody welcome to weapons of social seduction i'm your host for the. Next two three four five hours david snyder welcome to the wonderful and amazing world that is planet david and it's not just because i'm here it's because it's filled with amazing people like you i want to thank you all for coming out i know things are crazy this time of year what with the entire year that we've had you know and uh it being that super hectic time of year where you're kind of torn between frantically running around trying to get all this stuff done and wanting to just kick back and not do a freaking thing anybody here kind of in that place right. Now if you don't go if if you're in that place kind of just type your name in the in the chat and say yay buddy right. This is going to be our.

Last official webinar and class on weapons of social seduction for 2020. So with your help and a little bit of administrative stuff out of the way i'd like to make it as cool and fun as humanly possible uh that being said we do have some administrative stuff and some you know some basic pre-launch things that we need to go over as is our our particular um tradition if there is such a thing you know uh. First and foremost um as uh if i should just start off by saying. First of all welcome to our youtubers we are streaming this to to youtube live some people were asking because it is very late in their part of the world uh where they're at right.

Now if there's going to be a replay there will be a replay um i don't know exactly because we're live streaming directly to youtube um that copy is available almost immediately i may go back and usually i have to log in i log in about 30 minutes or. So ahead of the scheduled webinar just to make sure the feed is stable and everything else and. So what i usually do is i usually go back and edit that. First 30 minutes out.

So you don't have a 30 minute wait waiting for the video to start or whatever and you don't miss any content. However there is because we are streaming from zoom to youtube there is about a you know depending on internet lag anywhere between a 45 to a 90. Second delay between when my video shows up uh i when i answer the question and it shows up on youtube now um those of you on youtube the chat function is in real time. So i as you type it i will see it.

But you may not get an answer to your question um right. Away because a uh there's the lag and. Then of course i may not actually see it because. So many things are flying back and forth.

So this is where my. Next set of questions come in by a show of hands or by typing in the chat because i'm big on interactiveness if you want to get the most out of this webinar simply follow the instruction do what i say if i ask you to type something in the chat type it in the chat if i ask you to write something down write it down because the job of this webinar in addition to entertaining you is to educate you and train you. So that you come away from this webinar with actionable skills things that you can take out into the world right. Away and and use to improve your life in the ways that are important to you.

So. First and foremost um make sure you have lots of oxytocin increasing substances uh caffeinated beverages are usually your favorite stimulant of choices i think i said it in the chat um and. Finally things to write with you're going to be doing writing during this training this is one of those trainings where if you want to if you want to get the the biggest bang for your buck you gotta you got to follow the instructions and do and follow the processes that being said um you don't have to believe anything i'm about to tell you or share with you it's not important what's important is that you actually do what i tell you to do and find out for yourself where the validity of these particular uh techniques come in now going back to uh new people versus not. So new people if you're new type in the chat your name where you're checking in from and.

First time in the chat. So we know how many new people we have and. Then if you're a veteran if you've been be bopping around planet david if you've been to some of our live events if you've taken these skills out into the world and actually used them type your name where you're checking in from and type veteran in the chat right. Because uh as is my won't i i rely on my students the ones who've actually trained personally with me and done uh and done these things um to actually assist me in this webinar see i'm i'm a webinar presenter i'm a youtube personality and i'm teaching you all these things and of course there's going to be an offer at the end of this event as is tradition um.

So you'd expect me to be biased you expect me to be you know protein say my stuff is the best. Then fine that's fine don't take my word for it okay. Talk to the people in the chats who have done these materials who've taken them out into the world and used them right. You don't have to believe a single thing i say if what i say works for you keep it and use it if it doesn't chuck it and find something else it does that being said here's where the most important piece comes in if politically incorrect language colorful metaphors swearing or the word boobies offends you this is probably not the best use of your time okay.

If you're a. First timer and you're checking in with us okay. If you're used to a regular traditional 90-minute format where they they tease you t ut's you tease you give you a little tidbit tease tease tease and. Then they hit you with this 20 million dollar offer uh at the end of the training you're probably going to be disappointed um there is an offer.

But it's not at the end of the training and our webinars are what we call free form webinars and what that means is there's a we're going to be getting the formal presentation very very shortly. But what's actually going to happen is we're going to actually customize the content to what you want we're going to teach as much content actionable workable things that you can go it out into the world and use while laying the foundations for other stuff as much as we can in the. First 60 to 75 minutes. Then we're going to we're going to circle around we're going to show you the the the training package or the offer that we have for today we're going to present that for you.

Then we're going to circle back and. Then for the. Next two three hours or. However long it is you guys can stand me i'm going to continue to teach we're going to take the things we learned at the beginning of the webinar we're going to build on it we're going to functionalize it we're going to add more stuff more techniques that's targeted towards what you really want to learn about does that sound like a fair trade if this is the scope of everything that there is to learn about human influence and persuasion we have time for this much.

So my commitment to you is i will take you as far as i can in the time that we have and i will point you in the direction of where to go for more if that's really what you want to do is that is that a fair trade if you think that's a fair trade just type in the chat all right. So you know how things are going to work right. I'm going to i'm going to i'm going to begin what i lovingly call the david dog and pony show um and i'm going to go through my presentation we're gonna veer off and do the offer come back and continue to teach. So again if you if you've trained yourself to do a 90-minute shot and.

Then you're off to other things that's okay. You'll at least understand what we're offering you won't you'll miss out on the um you may miss out on the other techniques that we train to teach unless you come back for the webinar you know the replay. But at least you'll get something that you can take out into the world right. Away and and start using and by the way i love questions i do um.

But we've got hundreds of people on the webinar and we've got at least 40 something in the zoom room and god knows how many are on youtube right. Now because they come out of the woodwork uh when people find out we're doing we're doing these uh these amas. So um if i if i don't answer your question it's usually because it went by. So fast i didn't see it um.

But those of you who are veterans of planet david if you see a question where you've had field field validated experience of it and you can answer that person's question please feel free to do. So right. We do have somebody monitoring the youtube chat. So somebody decides to troll out on us um we do we call it we call it playing whack a troll we won't even we won't even give you a warning we'll just say banned by right.

Um and most of the time people are pretty well behaved. So i'm pretty cool with with people coming in and i'm not i'm not here i'm not a persuasion cop. So i'm not here to judge whatever applications you want to learn about all right. And the uh you know the the topic for today is weapons of social seduction uh discovering the psychological master keys to have people hanging on your every word how to never lose an argument fail a job interview or miss a sale ever again all without lying cheating or stealing and uh without any further ado if it's okay.

With you i'm gonna go ahead and jump into um the david dog and pony show as i like to call it it's our formal presentation. Then what's gonna happen is we're gonna jump off we're gonna customize the content for today's webinar. Then we're going to circle back we're going to integrate that into the. First set of techniques that i'm going to teach you and we're just going to keep going until we hit that one hour one hour 15-minute mark we're going to do our offer and.

Then we're going to circle back and continue to teach based on what we've we've accomplished in the past or what we've worked on previously is that fair is that cool paul says my beard looks cooler than. Last time i shaved people are starting to give me people are starting to give me a hard time because i don't look. Like my picture anymore you think i should get new pictures or am i cool with with the facial hair should i just go back to being clean shaven what do you think update branding we must have a marketer in the house somebody's saying whack how is there not an emoji for a troll i think a big i think that the poop emoji is usually good enough for trolls says clean shaven okay. All right.

Without further ado let me go ahead and jump into the formal presentation for today and. Then we'll we'll get into this stuff say cool. But i'm amazing now you guys are. So good for my ego it's amazing how my head still fits in the room you guys are.

So wonderful to me sometimes all right. So here we go um weapons of social seduction discovering the master psychological keys to having people hanging on your every word how to never lose a sale uh fail an argument or miss a job interview ever again by the way this is all proven we have a ton of people uh on the call today as well as people in the past who've actually taken the material from this webinar gone out and nailed jobs they've actually been asked to come back for another job a better job that was actually opening up a couple of weeks. Later and they can't talk we can't talk about who it is or where it is. But um if you're on the call and you want to talk about your experiences please by all means do that okay.

I'm dr david snyder the doctor of acupuncture and chinese medicine i'm uh and of course the question probably for most of you new guys is and gals is who the hell is david snyder and why should i care well. First and foremost i am an actual doctor i have a doctorate of uh oriental medicine of acupuncture and chinese medicine from pacific college of oriole medicine i've been a licensed acupuncturist here in the state of california since 2005 when i graduated from los angeles college our southern california university of health sciences formerly los angeles college of chiropractic in the past three years 2020 i was named the number one nlp trainer of the year by globalgurus.org previously i was in the i was in the top two right. Next to the great and powerful richard uh this year we took. The number one slot mostly thanks to wonderful and amazing support from people like you who've really seen the value in in what we train and what we do and and that's our job to help you get the life you want the way that you want it.

But just as a as a bit of a background i've offered over 15 different products and various forms of human influence everything ranging from attraction and dating sensuality and sexuality all the way up to advanced therapeutic applications sales and marketing techniques um hypnotherapy energy healing vibrational influence and we we create these courses specifically to help people who have zero to no. Background become awesome in the shortest amount of time possible it's they're fun they're fast they're user-friendly um and of course we were voted not only were we because they're good we were considered inspirational what's interesting about globalgurus.org is a few days after i got this this notice i got this letter in the mail or in the email and it says dear david with great it's with great pleasure to announce that your training program killer influence has been chosen by global peers and ranked as the number one best program in the world for nlp you can see it here and of course when you click on that link these are all the people who are in the running now what's really interesting by the way all the techniques that you're going to be learning today are actually taken from our killer influence program you can find them in our one and one of our killer influence home study courses in our live events uh and they're very powerful they're practically nuclear um and of course there's a whole lot more in the courses. But these things if you just had these you could pretty much write your own ticket anywhere you wanted to go um. But what's what's what's funny and what's interesting is is we never actually promoted killer influence as an nlp course we we promoted it and we we trained it as a social influence course a way for people who are interested in dating uh interviewing negotiation marketing you know the full spectrum of of getting people to do what you want and believe what you say that's what we promoted it as you know um and people thought well this is the best nlp course well it's nlp derived.

But there's a lot more to it than just nlp which is probably one of the reasons why people like it. So much and i think as you go through the drills today you're going to find out that especially when it comes to the field of influence and persuasion uh a little tiny bit of information you know uh applied the right. Way creates megatons of power and ability in the world okay. So i just wanted to kind of look.

You in the eye and kind of and kind of share that with you uh because sometimes the best things come out you from from unexpected places. So. Anyway um are you guys still seeing are you still okay. Are you seeing this screen i don't know.

But on if i'm sharing the right. One here we go try that okay. There we go all right. Uh just as a way of kind of fleshing out the background i also i've been a lifelong martial artist i have a tenth degree black belt in uh riku kempo karate i hold a fourth degree black belt in shaolin kuntao a.

Second degree black belt in kosho kempo rue and. First we have black belt in fontu i'm a certified instructor in combat systema cinco manuscrima and modern arnis uh in terms of energy work uh this is a short list i've been a reiki master teacher since the early 90s i was a reiki master and a teacher before reiki was even cool i'm going to have an advanced chronic healer product psychotherapy certification advanced dna theta healing of course the bankston energy system which many of you people know me as a big proponent of that many forms of qigong and hermetic energetic practices which we teach in our vibrational influence classes as well. So when you go through this pedigree as a lot many people often ask what do all these things have in common well the term the the big thing and i want you to start to kind of really kind of wrap your head around is a concept called pattern recognition pattern recognition is the ability to see structure and rep repetition of that structure at many different levels of human reality what does that pattern recognition have to do with human influence well pretty much everything you see human beings do everything in patterns they have patterns of movement patterns of thought patterns of behavior patterns of feeling patterns of sensory uh attention that they follow and when you begin to look. At the world this is one of the big things that the nlp really taught me um is that when and this is why i recommend getting trained in nlp.

But doing it in the right. Sequence nlp teaches us to look. At the world not in terms of meaning per se. But in terms of process and structure in terms of is something useful or not useful and when you begin to to move through the world seeing things through the eyes.

And the filter of process and structure these patterns will start to become more and more evident and as you become aware of those patterns they become more and more evident to you if you have the right. Guidance and the right. Teachings you can start to manage those patterns you can start to anticipate what the likely outcomes of certain interventions at certain points in those patterns are and that gives you a tremendous ability to influence and control both yourself your life and the situations around you and that's really where we're going with the material in this in today's training it's it's based on this concept of pattern recognition you don't need to be a neuro-linguistic programmer to do what we're going to share with you today in fact classical nlp training if you apply it to what we're about to teach you can actually hold you back and get in the way. So the less you know about nlp the better off you're probably going to be right.

Now okay. Um i know it's going to piss off a lot of people out there. But it is what it is right. You know like i said if you if you're expecting politically correct like you know correct language and uh you know worrying about offending people well it's never my intention to offend anyone.

But part of my particular style of creating change is to provoke to get people to think and to feel certain ways. So that they have something that. So they know where to explore and if you come to some of our advanced mental training classes and things of that nature. But we'll show you how that all kind of fits together right.

I apologize if i seem to keep disappearing like i'm the invisible man i have a virtual background right. Now because my studio downstairs is under renovation and. So i'm using a virtual background because i miss my bookshelf all right. Let's go back.

So is this class for you well let's ask if any of the if you can answer yes. To any of the following questions you're probably in the right. Place if you've ever fantasized or wanted to learn how to become super attractive to the opposite sex and maybe even make them find you charming fascinating and irresistible congratulations you're probably in the right. Place if you would like to learn exactly how to banish fear and insecurity from your life radiate confidence assertiveness and power congratulations you're in the right.

Spot if you'd like to learn how to use influence to make more money from your job book. More clients for your business get that raise or promotion you know you deserve congratulations you found the right. Place to be if you've ever been on the receiving end of some manipulative son of a if you like to learn how to protect yourself from these manipulators and learn how to handle difficult people if you have to manage teams where people have very different ways of of responding to the things you want them to do congratulations this is going to be one of the best two or three hours you've ever spent if you want to have people thinking feeling and acting the way you want them to think and feel and act congratulations you're in the right. Place okay.

Um if you like if you'd like to know exactly how to cause anyone you meet to like admire and trust you even love you if you follow the process this is going to be a good place for you right. Especially starting the new year if you take the time we have during the christmas and new year's breaks and you start to really drill down on many of the techniques i'm sharing with you you're going to come out on the other side of that with some amazing skill sets that just magnetically draw people to you it's just something that happens. So be warned this works okay. If you'd like to know how to nail two or three job interviews right.

Out of the gate even though you know people coming in have a better resume than you if you'd like to have them calling you up and again offering you jobs that weren't even available when you interviewed for them that has happened to people who've taken the materials that we're going to be sharing with you you know if you'd like to if you manage and lead teams you'd like to learn to inspire and lead and get your children your spouse to actually you know be more compliant around the house this is going to be a really good way if you'd like to kind of fine-tune the relationships that you have with those members of your family this is going to be really important for you okay. There's some new clear stuff in here that's cross-contextual it works everywhere from the classroom to the courtroom to the boardroom to the bar room to the bedroom to the therapy room and beyond okay. And of course we've all fantasized about um you know having this magical svengali like ability to just be charming and enchant people and put them under our spell. So to speak well i can't guarantee that you'll put somebody under a spell.

But you'll come pretty freaking close it'll come pretty close and it'll be it'll be the kind of spell that people really like to be in and i think that's important because you know as ironic as the triangle killer influence is the whole point behind killer influence is to move through the world making everyone unique feel ridiculously good just for having encountered you and by showing them how to get everything that they want by doing what you want is that ethical is that fair to move to be the kind of person who moves through the world making everyone feel good and. Then showing people how to get everything they want by doing what you want is that a fair trade is that ethical in in most people's uh world view and type if you think that's ethical because it's a big and here's why i talk about about ethics. First and foremost there's a lot of people who got their hands on these on on earlier versions of these techniques 10 20 30 years ago and what happened is they were angry at the system they were looking at ways to get back at the system and when they saw when they started promoting these techniques and they started promoting this technology a lot of them did it as a way to to kind of pardon my french. But the system to get back at the people who put you down who held you back they spun it as a way to kind of hack everyone and the problem with that is is that most people that i have met don't actually want to hurt people they don't actually want to feel like they're lying they're cheating or or whatever and one of the problems is that because of that early spin and and kind of the the tank that they established um people came to view these these methodologies as a one as a win-lose kind of a scenario and it's not necessary you can get everything you want in your life you can be the the shining epitome of a good jedi um and protect yourself from these these win-lose people very very powerfully if you just embrace the methodology that i'm sharing with you and you'll you'll be able to look.

At yourself in the mirror every morning you'll like the person staring back at you you'll never have to look. Over your shoulder or wonder if somebody's coming back for revenge or whatever because i will tell you if these things are immensely powerful and if you use them to do a win-lose scenario um that you might wind up with a stalker who doesn't have your best interests at heart right. But it's never necessary to lie to cheat to steal you're going to find that you're the the ability to get what you want in life from doing the the few techniques i'm going to share with you just in various combinations will give you orders of magnitude life will become easier. But it does mean you have to do some work it does mean you have to develop the skill sets and the willingness to go out and play with this and that's the biggest thing i want you to to really um kind of wrap your mind around when we start exploring these techniques the.

First and foremost is the more playful you are playful you are with these techniques the better they work seriousness is the kiss of death seriously just as a quick aside how many people on the call today would like to be 30 to 31 percent better at everything would that be useful type it in the chat if you think that's useful useful absolutely right. Paul saying yes. Right. That's all you got this particular stat statistic comes from hostage negotiation when the hostage negotiated one of the tensest most adversarial forms of communication we have when the hostage negotiator is in a playful easy going uh mood they're 30 percent better at being persuasive they're 30 more responsive they're 30 percent more aware they're 30 more creative and their counterpart this is the important piece their counterpart the criminal the hostage taker is 30 more responsive and compliant to the requests of the of the negotiator now if it works in those kinds of situations do you think it might work at a networking function do you think it might work in a courtroom do you think it might work on a.

First date do you think it might work for asking somebody on a. First date type yes. Or yes. If you think it's it's um if that's useful okay.

So i've given you your v your. First big state control tip for today be as playful as humanly possible okay. If you start to think oh i can't i can't mess this up i can't mess this up you're gonna mess it up okay. Be playful with this okay.

Cool all right. Um let's go back to the powerpoint really quick and by the way in case you haven't figured it out i hate powerpoints. But my personal promise to you if you stay until the end of the webinar which by the way is going to be probably right. Around 7 30 8 o'clock i'm just gonna let you know it's usually right.

About the time we get off i will stay longer if people want. But usually right. About. Then everybody is kind of in uh they're in saturation mode.

But if you stay until the end i do promise you that i will deliver to you the fastest most powerful and direct way to make people like love and trust you in. Second like many times in seconds. But i'll just say in minutes just to be conservative i'm going to teach you how to have people hanging on your every word and it's a and it's a neurological compulsion that they have they just it they can't not pay attention to you it's it's amazing uh how powerful this works i'm going to show you how to emotionally bind another human being to you your product your service and make them want to do what you want them to do and. Finally i'm going to point you in the direction for how to go from someone just collecting interesting information to becoming a master of unstoppable persuasion does that sound like a good plan for today yes.

Or no. Type that in the chat if you think it's a good a good plan all right. Cool get ready. But here's where here's the.

First part of your exercise remember that this is a free form webinar i haven't create anywhere between five and seven different techniques i've prepared for you. But i don't know which ones to teach you until i know what it is you want to learn about. So here's what i want you to do i want you to type in the chat what is and by the way also write this on a piece of paper on the materials i asked you to get earlier write this out on the on the paper that you're using if you want to use a notepad on your computer to do it that's fine i find handwriting tends to make it a little bit more powerful if you actually physically write it out by hand that's just a little stylistic variation. But what is the biggest most important question you have about how to influence others today that you would like the answer to in other words if you came away from this webinar with nothing other than the answer or the the skill the technique to to fix this one problem or at least move you in uh in that direction what would it be go ahead and take a moment or two type it in the chat okay.

So day is asking uh how you influence people from afar you're gonna have to by the way many times if i see your question i'm gonna ask you to restate the question because um many times the question is too vague or there's no. Context and sometimes your technique changes as your context changes. So don't be shocked if i see your question if i do see your question and i ask you to restate it okay. Because the better the question you're going to find that very quickly the better the question the better the answer is going to be uh be more of a leader how to let go of fear having influence of others how to influence people when you're starting out with bad rapport and them not wanting to talk to you okay.

What else we got let's see some of our youtubers over here how can someone become more charismatic and flowy with conversations and new interactions okay. Very cool i have some drills for that believe it or not brenna um caravan is asking i have a question david i can can i can help change people's self in the draft i want to be able to apply it on myself that's not going to help me influencing your procrastinating mind speak from a place of confidence and knowledge using this on the phone how to have good training drills ooh you guys are helping with increasing sales okay. That's going to happen automatically by the way um who asked that robert um if you just take everything if you just take the two or three techniques that like echo technique uh emotional bonding checklist uh you're gonna see a 40 probably a forty to sixty percent bump in your sales if you apply it if you don't apply it it's not gonna help you okay. Um how to have good training drills conquer my inner well i don't know if again this is a human influ this is a persuasion and influence call uh.

But i'm seeing a lot of get attention when you speak in a group okay. We can teach you how to do that there's a lot of state control stuff you guys are asking me about today that was not what i saw coming to influence in a way that is not obvious when others feel manipulated they fight it and do the opposite yes. That is true sue how do you protect yourself from psychic attack okay. Uh let's see using three magic questions to motivate students to take action in their academic okay.

Get people to do what you want them to allow them to stay in what they want most influencing your procrastinating mind okay. You know what i see um interestingly today is a lot of state control questions. So that's going to take us in a slightly different direction. But is it okay.

To start with uh some basic ideas for controlling your state would that be useful transition from rapport to leading how to qualify people as romantic partners okay. How to be dominant a leader in life okay. How to make someone you want hold on a. Second um see here how to make someone want to be honest with you okay.

How to be dominant a leader in life thank you how to qualify people as romantic partners transition from rapport to leading for sure can you discuss the practice of sexual transmutation vision not on this webinar that is not the the topic of this webinar we have other trainings coming up in august for that stuff strength and rapport okay. Okay. All right. I see where we're at how to negotiate bigger discounts when buying real estate okay.

Increase amplitude of influence all right. All right. So. Then based on what i'm seeing here it looks like today is gonna be a state control three magic questions day.

So the four big techniques we're gonna start to play with today we're going to start once again with the the hidden driver behind all decision making that people engage in we're going to start with the hidden pass code to the human nervous system the the one single technique that simultaneously builds accelerates and deepens rapport will at the same time links all of your other techniques together and forces people to pay attention to you. So we're going to start with the the master key of that and we're going to start with the emotional bonding checklist we're going to jump into an overview of the universal persuasion protocol we're going to drill down on some very powerful state control exercises okay. And and. Then we're going to circle back you know we'll do our offer again i will probably get like two of these things out of the way before we have to transition to our offer we'll do our offer we'll come back we'll build on state control we'll build on three magic questions um and um and we'll just keep going to uh good training drills will help you the most in life yes.

Good training drills will help you the most in life. But you have to learn the technique before you can have the drill. So let's start with that does that sound like a does that sound like a good plan for today if you think that's a good plan go ahead and type that in the chat karima's asking how to seduce all personality types you're on just pay attention it all starts here all right. So let's let's let's look.

At the let's take a 50 000 mile um view of the entire system and understand that what we're going to be doing is drilling down on specific aspects of the entire system the entire systems can be found in our cpi modules they can found our killer influence modules there's a few of them scattered throughout youtube you can find them all in nlp power and i'll point you in the direction of where to go to get the biggest bang for your buck with that. But if you're looking for the entire buffet those are where you would look. So we're going to take a sample platter approach today okay. Well i cover the uh projection you're talking about the acceptance rejection projection connection paul uh no.

Not today that would be something that would be more appropriate for mental training secrets or identity by design or hypnotherapy rapid trauma resolution uh workshop it is germane to what we're doing and it does impact self-image. But by and large the techniques that we're going to be playing with today uh will fill the gap for you really really quickly okay. Um again if you do them if you just sit there take notes never do a thing uh it can't help you i'm good at what i do i'm good at teaching people how to do these things even virtually. But i can't multiply zeros if you don't actually do the drills you're never gonna have the experience and you're never gonna voluntarily use the skills out in the real world okay.

These techniques will not work for you if you don't actually use them okay. Um all right. Let's look. At where i need to go all right.

Um sure i got the right. Page here hold on a. Second all right. So like i said before the techniques that you're learning are drawn from a system i created many many years ago for me and i got to tell you up front that 99 of the things i create i did not create for other people i created them for me because i needed to solve a problem in my life and i got tired of being being like that being kept like a mushroom being kept in the dark most of the time and fed.

So i i decided that i was going to do whatever it took. I was going to spend as much money as i had to invest as much time books videos whatever i had to i was going to find what worked i was going to put it together in a way that worked for me and this is what came out of that this is called the cpi killer influence system specifically now known as the universal persuasion protocol oops the universal persuasion protocol is a formula that you follow if and and you literally just go a b c d e f g you know one two three four five six if you just follow this formula using whatever techniques you have that fit the category you will be able to exert influence maximally in any situation or circumstance that you find yourself in like i said before i've tested this system everywhere in 2005 i was named one of the top 10 attraction experts of the year by seductionlair.com and art of approaching it's not in my cv mostly because there was no. Room for it. But one of the ways that i did it was through applying this system to my social and dating life now i went through my entire undergraduate education on writing scholarships i was recruited by both colleges that i work for or both colleges that i attended in my undergraduate education because of this there's i could i could go on and on about all the things this particular system allowed me to do uh.

But this isn't about me today this is about you it's about getting you what you want. So as we move through this process the. First thing we're going to talk about is drilling down on knowing your outcome. So you net.

First rule of influence all right. If you want to take a screenshot of this uh you can. First rule of influence is you gotta no. Matter you never enter any persuasion interaction without knowing your outcome you gotta know what you want and you gotta know how you know you're getting it right.

You've gotta have a way to measure whether you're on track or not in the. First course i ever i've ever created for guys on how to be the best lover any of their partners have ever had there was a chapter in that book. That i called the single biggest reason why most seduction and pickup systems fail and it was basically one small problem it was that the people who were learning and practicing these systems of influences had no. Way to calibrate if what they were doing was having the effect they wanted they didn't know if what they were doing was moving them closer to attraction or away from attraction.

So when we talk about this concept of knowing your outcome it doesn't have to be a big lofty grandiose outcome it just needs to be a simple way to measure if you're moving towards what you want or not and being able to change what you're doing to move towards the goal does that make sense the the the outcome could be as simple as meeting somebody saying hi and finding out if they're cool or it could be something as more more complex as you know meeting the ceo of a fortune 500 company and being hired as you know assistant vice president or administrative assistant and you know at a very high level or again you may have to go through a ton of gatekeepers to get to that ceo level right. That's a very long intricate process. But either way whether it's a very simple thing walking up someone saying hi and actually getting a phone number um getting somebody to come in to do a prospect client consultation or something more long and drawn out right. Becoming the number one nlp trainer in the world for example it doesn't matter what the outcome is as long as you know if you're moving towards it or not is that does that make sense okay.

The you know one of my mentors the the great lisa sasebic uh who is amazing for those of you female entrepreneurs out there and even smart intelligent guys should go study her because she's amazing at pulling money out of people and getting people feeling really good about handing over lots of money for change um. But one of the things that she said and sticks with me to this day is the greatest gps in the world can't can't help you if you don't take action if you don't if you stay in one spot. So knowing what you want knowing how you get there is like the gps coordinate. But actually getting off your ass and doing something and moving towards it is is the other piece of that and as long and and of course the gps tells you doesn't it when you're moving away from the goal or or towards the goal and that's again what we want to think about is we need to uh know how we're getting what we want right.

So before you even begin any other process you got to know what you want and how you're in if you're getting it or not does that make sense if you if that makes sense type it in the chat i know it sounds like it should for a lot of you it's like blatantly obvious right. But some people not. So much a lot of people have a very you know and i'm this way a lot as a ready kind of ready fire aim is like they just start taking taking actions. But forward motion does not equal progress if you're running west looking for a sunrise you're uh you're kind of screwed it's going to take a long time to get what you want right.

Okay. So know your outcome. Next piece control your state now here's i can't hear you on the on the in the rumor yet. But i want you to repeat this after after me out loud this is the six stage universal persuasion protocol in any situation where you need to exert influence the.

First thing you're going to do after you define your outcome is you're going to control your state you're going to get rapport you're going to use whatever language skills you have you're going to use those those poor those to manage the state of the subject that are the target of your influence you're going to jump into whatever processes internal processes they use to make the kind of decision you want them to make and you're going to emotionally bond them you're going to emotionally bond you your product or your service to their criteria and values that's the emotional triggers that drive people to do everything. So let's let's go ahead and with vigor and with feeling let's go ahead and go repeat after me hey control your state get use your language manage their state jump into their process emotionally bond to their criteria and values once again control your state get rapport use your language manage their state jump into their process link to their criterion values one more time with feeling now control your state get rapport use your language manage your state jump into their process link to their criteria and values if you find yourself in a social situation and you want to influence somebody. First thing you guys okay. I want to meet that person what am i going to do.

Next i'm going to control my state. Then what am i going to do i'm going to figure out how to get rapport with that person using whatever techniques i know i'm going to use whatever language skills i have to create that report bridge and build it and accelerate it i'm going to use all those skills to manage that state of the person i'm talking to i'm gonna figure out how they decide somebody's cool what they really love to do which is a process and i'm gonna bond myself to it i'm gonna i'm gonna create a bridge of sameness between me and that person. So that they realize that they're getting the things that are most emotionally important to them by doing what i want them to do trust me liam you were not the only one yelling at your screen and you know what if you were yelling at your screen you're probably going to be awesome at this. So uh once again.

So you can take a screenshot of this okay. Kim is saying i'm anxious there's no. Way i'm going to be able to persuade an autistic student to have a calm body if i don't control my stay. First absolutely you got to control your state now there's a lot of different ways to control your state the fastest most bulletproof way to do that is by controlling your physical posture and your breathing and i would start with that in that order breathing.

First posture. Second if you do your posture changes. First your breathing will will begin to follow. Then your psyche will begin to follow okay.

Okay. Uh james is saying good state control is counting your breasts on the exhale yes. But i would still begin with a postural shift. First okay.

This is again i've seen i've been training people for almost 20 years on this stuff now and um a lot of people default to breathwork as a way to control your state and it works. However if your posture and physiology are not in condition in um in harmony with the breathing pattern you're trying to take on you have it actually you actually get more resistance to the breathing pattern whereas if you take on the physiology. First the physical posture allows the lungs to work in a more uh lubricated way there's a there's an order of precedence to this okay. So again posture.

First breathing. Next now for those of you who want to begin the process of doing state control based on posture and by the way we devote in almost an entire day to state control training at our cpi and killer influence systems it is not a small thing. But most people only pay lip service to stay control if you go to classical nlp classical hypnosis classic state or sales training they'll tell you you need to control your state. But they won't tell you how and if they do tell you how it will be a way that's completely unworkable in a real life situation that's the problem you need to be able to do this out in the real world in front of real people while you're actually doing other things and.

So that's why and you know laura said it very well posture is bulletproof it's almost impossible for somebody to control your state if your posture is if you're maintaining a certain type of posture most of your frame control if you've read it into the books by um let me go back to this real quick if you've if you've read any of the books like uh by oren klaff like pitch anything or anything talks about frame control one of the biggest um linchpins of any form of state control is body feelings body feelings okay. And um if you don't know what i mean by frame control. Then go get go get oren's book. Um pitch anything and and and read it and understand frames um.

But it's the. First thing that happens when people get together is they have a frame of reality they have a certain meaning that they've assigned assigned to the interaction and. Then they place you in that frame and they assign what you mean in their world those states are are actually based on the body feelings a person has. So if you can maintain a body feeling and a posture connected to it it's impossible for somebody to break your frame right.

They always they say in persuasion and attraction and dating and relationships that the person who controls the frame controls the game well one of the secrets to controlling your frame is controlling your body feelings the secret to controlling your body feelings is to control your physiology your posture and your breathing if you can hold that. Then you can own any situation you can actually become a charism magnetically charismatic just by holding a particular posture it can amplify your posture uh significantly okay. People are asking about eye contact yes. We can talk about eye contact.

But that's going to take us in a very different direction we actually have full courses on non-verbal influence that we offer and if we ever do some webinars on that stuff i'm happy to share those things with you. But for right. Now we're going to drill down on exactly what we need to move forward and the. First thing is state control through physiology.

So everybody stand up real quick everybody stand up real quick i want you to close your eyes. And by if you're driving don't do this if you're operating any kind of heavy machinery don't do this i want you to close your eyes. For a moment and i want you to remember a time in your life when you saw something that you really really wanted i mean and i mean on on a 0 to 10 scale it had a lust factor of like 27. and you wanted it. So much that you decided you were going to do whatever it take to get it you made a plan you put that plan into operation and boom you nailed it home run right.

I want you to close your eyes. Remember that moment when you realized you were a winner what were you smelling or what were you seeing in that moment what were you hearing what were you smelling what were you tasting because when you do that when you're in that place and you see what you see and you hear what you hear and you smell and you taste what you smell and you taste there is an amazing feeling that you get a feeling of being absolutely victorious remember that moment of absolute victory and most importantly remember how you were standing remember how you were breathing and stand and breathe that way right. Now for those of you who've never had that experience i wonder if you can imagine what that might be like to just see something you want do whatever it took. To get it and boom you nail it home run 100 what is what might that be like for you imagine a beautiful ball of energy standing of that notice that that place in your body where that feeling starts where it grows and where it spreads from point to where you feel it stand the way you were standing in that moment as you notice that feeling growing in your body notice there's a place in your body where those feelings start where they grow where they spread from and there's a color maybe even a series of colors connected to those feelings what color colors i'm curious that would that be for you you don't got to type it in the chat.

But just know speak it out loud what color that would be imagine a beautiful ball of that energy floating above your head notice how the feelings in your body shift and change as with every breath you take and every beat of your heart this ball of energy begins to grow begins to expand begins to fill the entire room from floor to ceiling from wall to wall and all points in between notice how it wraps itself around you like an amazing blanket of victory of triumph a cocoon a shield a suit of armor insulating you protecting you from all defeat all failures real or imagined while at the same time flooding your mind flooding your body flooding your spirit with everything it most wants everything it most needs in an infinite ever expanding unlimited supply when you know you've got that i want you to breathe those amazing colors through your entire being let it fill you up like water fills up a bottle like fluid fills up a test tube like hot air helium fills up the balloon anchor it in. So fully. So completely no. Force in the universe you can turn it off or take it away not even you and when you know you've got that test it try to turn it off try to make it go away and notice what happens instead and.

Then go ahead and type that in the chat what do you notice you guys with us burst of more power now if you went up to somebody or uh went into your presentations or your approaches with this how do you think it would go can't make it go away very nice. So excited yes. My system is opposition fine it only gets stays there change my state 18 degrees excellent very nice is that a good place to start warm. But also buzzy okay.

If it goes away you probably did something wrong okay. 80 180 excellent perfect excellent now is this a good place to start yes. Or no. Type it in the chat if you think this is a good place to start i feel like i could live 10 times excellent now do you think if you approach somebody in this state that they would receive you pretty positively adrenaline i won yeah right.

This is where we start this is why state control is. So important okay. Now this is a quick and easy way to build a very powerful state and there's other things you can do with it. But this is going to give us the biggest bang for our book.

Anything you can conceive of and imagine that generates a body feeling can be done with this process okay. In our advanced state control modules we'll show you meditations and drills because we were asking about drills that you can use to amplify and magnify this state ability now here's one of the important things i want to get you the fastest way to control anybody's state let me go back to um this particular motion remember we control your state manage their state that means getting them to feel we want them to feel the fastest way to control another human being state is to control yours. First does that make sense in other words we have this thing called mirror neurons in our body that pick up the signals the people send consciously and unconsciously and replicate them in our own neurology some of you are asking about autistic children autism has been linked to mirror neuron issues if you understand and we cover this more in depth in vibrational influence if you understand how this mirror neuron system works from a person an interpersonal perspective you can utilize your mirror neurons to influence the mirror neurons of anyone including autistic children. So this is again again i've never i've never taught this outside of this webinar.

But this isn't an important thing your state control can dramatically create a bridge between you and the mirror neuron system of another human being the only question the only thing that i can't predict is to what degree that bridge will be and how much juice will flow along it. But um this is again for you. First if you practice this every day when you get up in the morning when you go to bed at night use a different state when you go to bed at night by the way. But in the morning this is going to supercharge you anytime you need to go into a persuasion uh situation do you decide what you want you do your color breathing cost your exercise you go in and you hit him with a rapport bridge are you following me.

So far yes. Yes. Liam says i'm assuming the closer you are the easier it is it can be when you get into vibrational influence you can do this from across the street you can go from across the planet right. But everything builds okay.

So that's state control what we're going to work with today right. Control your state get report now the. Next thing that has to happen is we have to approach we have to begin to generate rapport with people the. Next technique i'm going to share with you we're going to do it experientially together is designed it will simultaneously emotionally bond people to you your product or your service while at the same time amplify and accelerate the rapport that you have with that person would that be useful to be able to do that to emotionally bond people to your product you or your service okay.

So let's jump into that we're coming up i'm i'm a little behind. So i apologize um in terms of my timetable. But i needed to we needed to get this state control thing done now a lot of the veterans will tell you the guys on the on the on the on the call here today um that the drill i just gave you has orders of magnitude more applications than just the tiny piece that we're using it for okay. And you can you know and again if you come to trainings you'll get more.

But if you just do this as many times a day as you can you're going to you're going to create a very powerful state of neuroplasticity in your body you're going to generate a charismatic aura around you that people will feel okay. But you got to be in control of it and state control as we define it is the ability to enter or exit any emotional state at will for any reason under any circumstances that's what we call state control this is the. First way to do it okay. Um.

So. Next what i want you to do is i want you to go back to the outcomes the reason you that you came on this webinar today the thing that you want to accomplish from this webinar i want you to take out your piece of paper and if you want you can type in the chat what you want to get from today's webinar again. But i'm going to we're going to do a drill together this is an emotional bonding drill we're going to do this as a solo exercise to feel the power of it right. To link it to the the the the techniques and the instructions you're getting in this training.

So that you become highly motivated to use these techniques out in the real world and follow whatever instructions are necessary for you to amplify and deepen that training is that okay. To do that is it okay. To do that can i can i guide you through that process yes. Yes.

Michael if you follow what i'm about to share with you every sales call you do will be amazing okay. It will dramatically simplify the spelling process because you'll no. Longer be selling you'll be asking people what it is they actually want to buy and you'll make a determination very very early on if you can give it to them if you can give it to them you just follow the protocol and they will buy from you most of the time out of default 50 of the time or better they'll actually ask you to buy it would that be cool is that people just asking you to buy stuff what do you think okay. Here's how we go okay.

So. First thing there was something you wanted to learn from this webinar that would allow you to achieve something out in the world i want you to write on a piece of paper what it is you want to achieve from the tech by using the techniques in this training and subsequent trainings that come write down exactly what it is you want to achieve okay. I'm going to show you the template that i want you to follow this is called the emotional bonding checklist now after the after the break after they do the offer i'll come back and i'll go through all of this nomenclature for you. So you understand this process even more fully um.

But you don't need to understand this entire process or all the little nomenclature things to do the process. So um we'll actually go through the full-blown technique of it uh when we get back. But right. Now we're gonna experience it for ourselves is that is that fair type in the chat if you think that's fair okay.

I'm waiting for my youtubers okay. Youtubers are taking their time apparently all right. So uh question template okay. Here we go can you guys see this okay.

Or do i need to make it bigger paul may is asking as part of report would you say it's important to match their state initially or at least to some extent that's going to happen and depending on what type of techniques you're using it will happen. First or will happen. Second okay. Can you see this okay.

This is your quest this is your um your emotional bonding template in terms of um how you ask this. So the. First thing is you're going to ask the question when you look. At the reason the thing you want to accomplish when you look.

At what you've written right. What you want to accomplish from getting the techniques on this webinar okay. Ask yourself this question what's important about getting it or having it what's it gonna do for you okay. Write your answer underneath that question whatever it's gonna whatever getting the the resultant you want from using the techniques that we're teaching you are write that down and what it's gonna do for you okay.

When you've done that type done in the chat. So i know because i want to make sure that that everybody's with me because sometimes uh every now and. Then somebody gets lost in the sauce and i want to make sure that we're all good my screen's getting a little bright. For me.

So all right. Good now underneath that answer. So in other words you wrote your you wrote your answer here right. Ask yourself the same question about this answer.

So in other words you write your answer here and. Then you go back and you ask what's important about getting this write your answer okay. And again i'm not going to ask i mean i'm not going to ask you what you're writing. So make it as personal make it as be as on and it's politic if he was politically incorrect like let me be on let me let me give you an example if the reason you want to learn this material is.

So that you can get laid like a rock star right. Anytime anywhere for any reason write that the down i'm not i'm not gonna judge you right. If you wanna if you want if the reason you're learning this is. So you can be the most popular person at your family reunion.

So all the people who dumped on you when you were young swallow their tongue in envy that's okay. Write it down right. I'm not going to judge you. But if we really want to tap into the power of this material if you're learning this.

So that you can help someone you desperately love be better or get over a problem write that down i'm not a persuasion cop. But the power in this comes from the honesty you give to the answers not the editing or the socially correct version of it okay. Go with your. First impressions brenna if you don't know why it's important just go with your.

First impressions okay. And it's every now and. Then if you just ask the. Second question what's that going to do for you or what would having this do for you that answers the question okay.

Write the answer. So you write your answer once again and. Then ultimately if you got this ultimately what's important about that and type it down when you're in the chat okay. Write your answer now the magic's about to start okay.

As you look. At those answers how many of you noticed that as you were writing your answers you felt some feelings in your body type it type it into type if you type yes. If you felt something type no. If you didn't yeah okay.

Okay. If you didn't feel something you didn't drill down deep enough you felt hopeful excellent now this is where it gets cool i want you to take that list and as you think about how getting the techniques and following the instructions in this webinar are connected to this i want you to repeat your answers from level a to level b to level c just the answers out loud speak it out loud and notice what happens to the feelings in your body do it at least three to five times and and type in the chat what you noticed type in the chat what just take your time i'm sorry i didn't mean to talk while you were practicing feeling get stronger paul says anybody else feels a little overwhelming in a good way okay. Huge difference right. Another strategy change for the excellent yeah in a good way perfect it's like peeling an onion yes.

Okay. Anybody know anybody can anybody start to tear up a little bit anybody notice that happening i get my respect back very good jeff me this is exactly what you're going to learn how to do with other people when you engage people in this process it will automatically link every single one of those things to you you will have you will know exactly what to say and exactly how to say it to make this person believe at the deepest level of their mind body and soul that you can provide everything they're asking for and it accelerates it amplifies and deepens rapport luis lewis says i want to jump up and go do it yes. You do here's why this works every single thing human beings do is in response to a feeling it's either a feeling they want more of or feeling they want a whole lot less of. But your neurology and your unconscious mind have rules rules that determine what is right.

And proper in the world for you and the reward for doing the things that are right. And proper in the world for you are these good feelings in nlp parlance we call that the checklist that the unconscious mind uses criteria the value is the name we assign to the feeling that we get every single thing human beings do is based on an internal checklist that generates a feeling that we give and we give a name to now when we get back from our our uh our offer summarization i'm going to show you the exact mechanics to use with another human being to emotionally bond them to your product or service and. Then we're going to transition very very quickly into two other techniques a the echo technique which is built into everything that we're doing and. Then we're going to go through the three magic questions protocol which is the exact series of steps in a conversation that you used to go from a complete stranger to deep level uh intimacy romantic chemistry and attraction and a way to actually um separate who would make a good partner from somebody who wouldn't that's what we're going to do when we come back is that fair yes.

Or no. Okay. Excellent yeah this webinar is very different from the one i did. Last week right.

Even though it's the same title. But again this is some this is some cool stuff okay. So without any further ado would it be okay. For me to show you the pat the training program i've put together for you to take this uh from zero to hero in and ultimate persuasion mastery in the shortest amount of time possible would it be okay.

To share that with you cool all right. So without further ado ladies and gentlemen start your engines who wants to take things to the. Next level type it in the chat if you are ready type i'm ready in the chat mostly already shouted yes. Just show it get it over with david come on ready excellent and.

So without further ado i present to you with your permission the secrets of human influence ultra persuasion training home study package this is a program that i put together especially for people who are not as able to travel to live events as i would like uh you can ask any of the veterans in our class that the the biggest bang for your buck always comes from being at the live events. But enough people came up to me over the course of the. Last 10 years to say david i just i just logistically can't get to a live event what do i do instead what what's what's this what's the best. Second choice well now because of covered we have virtual trainings which we'll talk about.

But this is the program that i've put together for people who want the full course meal from the appetizer to the main course to the desserts and all the other possibilities if you follow this program your life will change if you take one piece of this program your life will change. But let me explain to you exactly what we're doing here okay. The secrets of human influence program is really all about taking your life to the. Next level it's about helping you make more money getting more dates to help more people in your life to overcome their problems to be more confident and powerful and win the game of life if you're if you've ever fantasized or or really had a deep desire inside of you to become more charming and charismatic and irresistible this is actually the fastest most direct route to becoming that person the person you want to be the person who moves through the world radiating magnetic influence and charisma that can lead and motivate and inspire people and be the best version of themself and get everything in life that they want by helping other people get what they want in a perfectly win-win ethical and very very charismatic way this is probably one of the most transformational programs are groups of programs that we put together.

But don't take my word for it there are people on the chat there are people in the groups and the zoom rooms who have been using the coursework they have the courses they've been to the live trainings they're using the events ask these people what their experiences have been okay. So here's what i put together for you now i got you know as with anything one of the big things you're going to talk about when we get into killer influence is that no. Human beings don't do anything without a deadline and without consequences. So this offer is good all day today until 11 59 p.m i'm sorry um which today is december 22nd that's a typo uh.

So i apologize it should be december 22nd 2020. it expires at 11 59 p.m. So you have us. But you know you have that time to think about it. But i would recommend that if you if this is something you realize is uh exactly what you want for yourself.

Then grab on it um people are already asking how much if people want to put the link and they can just go ahead and grab one of the early birds because there's some other bonuses for fast actors that we have. But can we go through this now a couple things this is the secrets of human influence main course this is based on our killer influence program uh we taught in 2014 this is a 17 video course that includes the seven stage universal persuasion protocol uh it's going to teach you how to think like a master influencer master influencers have a very different approach to how they organize the steps to their influence and their persuasion they have different ways of looking at things than the average person does it's a 297 dollar value we're going to show you you know we gave you a little bit of a sample we're going to show you how to control your psycho-emotional state at will anytime anywhere and utilize the power of that state to activate the person's mirror neurons and have them actually go into the state you want them to be in and one of the byproducts of this training now is that uh no. One will ever be able to push your buttons for any length of time ever again it's one of the nice side effects of of doing uh these particular state control drills a lot of people are asking about good drills this is all about drills you do the drills you get the skills we're going to teach you the power rapport skills for connecting with anyone anytime anywhere and many of the people on the call today will tell you that they've used this over the internet with the cameras off and still gotten it to work it's a two hundred ninety seven dollar value we're gonna give you all the drills for that we're gonna teach you the seven most powerful most irresistible hypnotic language patterns that exist patterns that literally force the mind of the person listening to you to do exactly what you want them to do you can literally with one pattern you can learn how to make people's focus of attention and awareness do whatever you want it to do or go wherever you want it to go you can talk you can have them begin to automate certain types of thinking patterns in their mind automatically even if they know you're trying to do it to them a lot of times they can't stop the initial effect uh we're going to show you how to force a person's internal pictures to be whatever you want them to be what if you could have the ability to make a person's movies the movies they're making inside their head be exactly what you want them to be in a way that they completely accept it and and have zero resistance whatsoever we're going to show you how to make using another language pattern how to make anything you want cause anything you want in the mind of the listener we're going to show you how with another language pattern we're going to show you how to make anything you want mean anything you want in the minds of your listener even when they know you're doing it that's the point is there's certain key language patterns about seven total you can throw the rest away you have these seven no. One can stop you it will dramatically elevate compliance it will turn every single thing you say into an irresistible uh enjoyable compelling hypnotic instruction and command okay.

You can use this in writing you can use this in texting you can use this in video you can use this you can use these patterns any place language is used. So letters emails you name it you can use it and that's just some of what you're going to you're going to learn in the language component portion that's before we teach you all the other really cool stuff that's a 297 value i've created whole courses just around these seven patterns right. We're going to show you an explicit detail how to manage the emotional states of others. So that you can get people feeling the way you need them to feel.

So they're willing to actively eager to do what you want them to do it's a 297 dollar value we're going to teach you how to hijack someone's internal behavior code for every single behavior human beings engage in there's a pattern to it there's a structure to it and once you know how to become aware of that pattern you can actually take whatever you want them to do or want them to believe plug in this plug it into their structure and they'll run it like their own program they'll literally have the same results from the uh in those behaviors it's really really powerful we're going to show you once again how to emotionally bond anyone's deepest desires to getting them to do what you want them to do in other words you're going to show them in a very explicit very powerful emotional way how to get everything they want on their emotional bonding checklist by doing what you want to do you're going to be able to show them in a very powerful way how everything you have to offer satisfies their deepest most powerful most compelling emotional needs and they will want to buy or to do what you want them to do not because you told them to. But because they recognize they realize that this is the way to get everything you want okay. We're going to also include the killer influence master text the killer influence master text is the manual i created for this program it's over 200 pages and it has additional modules in it modules on social influence the five key social hypnotic operators that society programs into every human being that causes them to behave in very robotic automated ways i'm going to show you how they work how they're being used on you and how you can begin to tap into them to free yourself from unconscious control outside of yourself and you can build these things into your normal everyday interactions. So that people just naturally do what you want by default we're going to show you the power of proxemic hypnotic operators this is the ability to manage the spatial relationships around you.

So that you can actually cause people to psychologically position themselves you can psychologically position yourself in the minds of your subjects and your audience in such a way that they become automatically predisposed to assigning more authority more believability more credibility to you we're going to show you how to where to sit at a negotiation table to have the biggest most authoritative most credible impact we're going to show you where to put the people who are against you in the p in the positions of the weakest power. So that when they try to fight you when they try to argue against your position they're coming from the weakest power position possible. So we're going to show you how to amplify those things we're going to teach you how to cold read people. So you can look.

And and face read people. So you can look. At people and make a sum or make um very powerful statements about who they are and their mind and their personality profile that causes them to just become hyper suggestible to you uh we're going to teach you the four pillars of irresistible hypnotic influence the four key major uh areas of influence authority attractivity affinity and acquiescence that will generate awesome and unstoppable compliance uh on their own. But when you combine them it not only forces people to want to do what you want them to do it makes them eager for your validation and and uh approval it's very very powerful and if you apply these things together people just do what you say it's it's it's almost unfair.

But it's completely ethical uh we're going to show you something that's a little bit more gray hat we're going to teach you something called drts drts stand for dirty rotten tricks right. And dirty rotten tricks are a little bit more naughty type of uh influence tactics that can help you win the day when you're going up against some of these more uh unscrupulous manipulators these more dark triad narcissistic who uh are trying are kind of playing dirty pool we'll show you how to kind of spot the dirty pool and we'll show you some some kind of more um i don't want to say aggressive. But a little bit more uh proactive techniques that you can begin to layer into your interactions. So that you can make sure you come out of that interaction uh getting your outcome.

So there's a it's a killer influence master test it's a 418 value and we're going to include that as part of your basic training you're also going to get access we're going to talk about this a little. Later in the offer you're going to get access to our nlp power mastermind mentoring community which is where you get the hands-on training you'll be able to actually roll up your sleeves practice with other people uh face-to-face or virtually and get feedback from me and from your peers on on how the techniques are working how they can make them better how you can make them more uh useful for out in the streets priceless because this is where the rubber hits the road this is where you go from interesting information to unstoppable persuasion this is where you become you make what i call the. Second payment i always tell my clients my students that for everything you get from me you're always going to pay twice the. First payment's the easy one that's the money you can always make more money especially if you have this training that gives you access to the information.

But it's the. Second payment the payment of time energy effort of doing the drills and getting the skills the. Second payment gives you ownership. So and once you have it those skills will serve you and they will help you and they will aid you every time you make the choice to use them right.

So always make that. Second payment and if you do that you're going to be successful the only thing the only thing i can't guarantee is time and degree. But it will happen okay. I'd like to say these results are not typical.

But unfortunately or fortunately they kind of are if you use the skills okay. We're also. So the total value if we if you were to kind of put this all together is 2 497 dollars. But as you can probably guess there's actually a lot more going on here than just this course this is where we start this is the basic stuff right.

Once we have once you have this we're going to teach you and get some really cool other skill sets that amplify and magnify what you're getting and we're gonna do it through some very special exclusive bonuses the. First one is called weapons of mass instruction this is a course that i created uh based on the neuroscience of narrative now what do i mean by that one of the most powerful persuasion tools in human history is the power of story and i knew that from a very from very early on in my persuasion career unfortunately every time i tried to learn how to use stories effectively i got the same watered down ericksonian confusion laced bs or sometimes the person would have a little bit more on the ball they start to tell you about something called the hero's journey well i'm going to tell you right. Up front that if if you're using the hero's journey as a template for creating powerful stories you're going east looking for a sunrise or west looking for a sunrise weapons of mass destruct instruction is the course i would have wanted to attend if um if i could have found it i couldn't find it. So i made it this is all about the neuroscience of storytelling and metaphor we've divided it into five different modules the.

First module is the neuroscience based approach to using stories to connect with other human beings and these are very simple stories that you tell in a line at starbucks i've moved the line to a movie theater when we go back to the movie theater when you're doing webinars or online with people these are very simple vignettes that have the power to automatically bond you to a complete stranger right. Um we call these connecting stories these are small talk type stories if you start with a and they allow you to bridge into the three magic questions protocol and things of that nature that we're going to be sharing with you are things that you can tell within the framework of the three magic questions protocol that allow people to bond very very quickly that's module one module two is all about what we call stories designed for sales and leadership these are what we call alpha stories alpha stories are the ability to motivate inspire to add more persuasion push to um to the the presentation that you're making. So think of it like this if let's say that we have to move a 50-pound filing cabinet across the room all right. And.

So i go to push and i can't move it right. So i dig down i i change my stance and i push harder alpha stories are the push harder types of stories there are stories that add more push to your persuasion message very powerful a lot of people learn how to use how to do these stories right. Uh if you're doing any kind of sales any kind of leadership type of training uh any kind of teaching these are going to be very very powerful stories for you they're designed for leading inspiring motivating we're going to teach you the structure of how they work we're going to teach you the different archetypes of the story and the exact steps necessary to make one powerful and effective how to choose a context things of that nature the. Next type of story that we're going to talk about is not one that is commonly talked about in fact it's almost unknown um outside of certain circles and these are called omega stories omega stories are stories that are designed to resolve and reduce resistance to information resistance to persuasion okay.

It's their bait it's based largely on the work of dr eric knowles uh who wrote a book. Called resistance and persuasion uh it's a very uh before you go rushing out to buy it i'm gonna tell you right. Up front it's a it's an amazing book. But it's very dry because it's basically cover to cover nothing.

But research summaries of the results of persuasion techniques designed to do one very simple thing resistance to influence. So think of it this way omega alpha stories are about adding more push to your message omega stories are like removing the friction or the resistance to the persuasion that you're delivering and. Then and one of the things you need to understand about the power of story and narrative is that it's never directly perceived as an attempted influence when you start telling a story people's brains automatically synchronize with the person telling the story and the deeper that entrainment goes the more i absorbed into the process they get the more the story starts to change people's attitudes beliefs and opinions in the background okay. So again communication stories level one alpha stories level two omega stories level three okay.

Now. So again just to quick summarize alpha stories give us more push if i'm pushing a filing cabinet i dig deeper i get stronger i add more energy to the push omega stories are like if i have to move this big west filing cabin i throw oil on the floor in front of the front of the filing cabinet now it just slides for me right. That's what omega stories do okay. Now the.

Next module is the construction or bullet proofing or bullet or or pressure testing the stories you create there are six key neurological phenomena that you want to tap into to make a story irresistible the technical term for a story's ability to influence and persuade ironically is called transportability transportability there are six key characteristics six elements that you need to build into a story to make it irresistible regardless of whether you're doing an alpha story an omega story a communication story what have you we're going to show you exactly what these six steps are we're going to show you how to test for them we're actually going to give you we actually give you a questionnaire that once you have your story created one of the things that a lot of my personal injury clients use is focus groups you can actually present this story to a focus group after you've told the story you can hand them this questionnaire and have them rate those six characteristics and you can get a pretty good um forecast of how that story is going to impact the audience you're presenting it to. So that's kind of like module five and. Then. Finally we're going to talk about something called ninja stories now if you've ever been to any of these high-level seminars that turn into a pitch fest where people are uh telling like i guess one of the best things t harv hector mark victor henson uh robert allen lisa sassevich john assarov um let's see here who else can i think about um pretty much any of the marketing gurus out there right.

They all start telling stories now a lot of these people out there they have graduated programs like where you go from the beginner and. Then you get to the trainer's training right. Like the tr record has an actual trainer's program right. But one of the things you need to understand is that when you go through those kinds of trainers programs they're only going to teach you the.

First level of what they're doing they're going to teach you how to create an offer they're going to teach you how to create a talk they're going to give you that stuff that's all very exoteric it's not it's not the real meat behind what's going on embedded within the structure of their presentations are all of these hidden hypnotic operators these secret techniques and tactics that are built into the structure of the story and they will never tell you that they're using these things and they will never teach them to you they will teach you the outer shell. But not the inner meat in this particular course one of the things that we do is we take transcripts from some of these high-level presenters and we literally deconstruct them we show you all the hidden hypnotic operators all the hidden nlp all the language patterns all the presuppositions all the behavioral priming all the semantic priming all the confusion inductions we show you exactly from a transcript of their actual presentations the ones where they have people getting up and stampeding to the back of the room to buy and buy and buy right. We're going to show you exactly how they're doing it what that looks like in the real world. So that a you can be aware of it and guard against it and b.

So you can actually use it. So you can actually take the material and build in in whatever way is ethical for you build it into your presentations to make them even more irresistible we call it weapons of mass instruction okay. You have to have the 17 video course. First the the killer the secrets of human influence basic course for you to make heads or tails of this particular module.

But this is going to take everything. Then the nuclear-powered stuff that you learned in the. First course and expand it even more you'll understand see the world i mean a lot of people are both when they when they go through that piece are simultaneously fascinated and horrified when they realize they've actually been hammered with this stuff and bought because of it and didn't realize what was being done. So they appreciate it.

But there's also kind of oh my god they're actually doing this and you'll see it when you start going out to people's talks and things they don't just jump out at you right. So what we call it weapons of mass instruction and you can use it to make every training that you give every presentation just pop and gain the compliance and install and help people learn and prime them to do what you want them to do right. Soup to nuts you have exactly what you need that's one of the bonuses that we're going to include for free in this course it's a seventeen hundred fifty dollar value okay. But we're not done there if you read this again if you look.

At the total value here we're gonna give this to you freeze 1950 value it's yours free total value combined. So far is four thousand forty four hundred forty seven dollars if you register before the end of the webinar okay. But let's suppose let me ask you a question really quick you ever ask somebody to do something type this in the chat you ever ask somebody to do something and they said no. Type in the chat if that's ever happened to you right.

And. Then they told you why they said no. Right. What do you think would happen if for every reason they gave you for why they didn't want to do what you wanted them to do you had at least 14 different responses to get them to change their mind would that be useful uh some people already asking to register um brandon can you throw the links in there go to www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go apparently we're we're striking some nerves here okay.

Those of you who are signing up early there's some super early bird stuff that you're going to get that i haven't talked about yet um. So if you grab it before i get there it's it's even better okay. Um. Second okay.

People in the zoom are getting the link early. So i'm i want to be fair to my people on youtube okay. Um. But here's what else we're gonna get.

So would it be cool if you had 14 different ways that you could just completely destroy that objection or completely change their belief in normal conversation if you had 14 different bullets in your gun would that be useful that's what we're going to give you. Next this is called renegade reframing how to overcome any objection or change any belief in seconds it's a 19 it's a 1 950 value and it's yours free this is this is the course you would use if you screwed up criterion values if you screwed up the emotional bonding checklist and started getting objections okay. This is where you would go. Next by the way you only ever really need this if you screwed up the emotional bonding because that's about the only time you're going to get an objection to what you want.

But if you missed it and happens. Then this is going to be the answer now for those of you who are therapists those of you who are coaches those of you who are marketers or direct response copywriters this is going to be one of the most invaluable tools that you've ever had and here's why one of the most powerful things you can do when you're when you're promoting your business is write sales copy now when you write sales copy one of the most powerful things you can do to get good copy that's relevant to the people that you want to help is you need to step into their world and see the world through their eyes. Right. We call that having an avatar right.

And. Then you can start to talk as the person having the experience and one of the most powerful things you do is you you write your copy or your marketing messages from that perspective and every night and. Then what will happen is you'll start to generate all the reasons all the objections that people might have for not wanting to do what you want them to do if you have the renegade reframing system in place for every objection that comes up in your mind that your clients might have you have 14 different ways to answer that objection you just pick the ones that you think are the biggest most powerful most effective for you and you write those into your sales copy before these clients or the the the customers have ever had a chance to read it and. So you voice the objection you answer the objection before they have it and.

Then they just say yes. That's again if you're just worried about winning arguments and and getting and one-upping people in in everyday interactions this will work for you if you want to take this to a higher level and how people overcome problems and and limiting beliefs that they have you've got 14 different and i'll show you we actually include in this particular course we actually include a card game that we created called the reframe game where it's literally like i'll state a belief i'll throw down a reframe card in front of my partner and they have to beat my objection or change my belief using that particular reframe it's included in the manual. So you just print them out cut them up and you can just practice blasting each other uh and changing beliefs and and and object overcoming objections like like you would play war or poker or card it's really fun and it really drives these these patterns into your psyche. So that you can use them on demand anywhere okay.

We're gonna we're gonna give you the entire process free okay. Does this product include all of my past courses no. It includes exactly what i'm explaining here. So again um very powerful.

But you must have the basic program you've got to have a thorough understanding and a thorough training in the universal persuasion protocol. So that you can deploy these tactics organically and powerfully right. Okay. Um it's a one thousand nine hundred fifty dollar value we're going to give it to you absolutely free uh total value.

So far six thousand three hundred ninety seven dollars if you register before the end of the webinar. Finally how many of you just as a show of hands actually do any form of public speaking uh sherry ann says love it sounds like i can play the reframe game yes. In fact if your kids have reasons for you know maybe they're getting bullied maybe they're having feeling bad about themselves this is a great great great way for the for you to have them reframe and change their perspectives on things in a very gentle way in the renegade reframing course we actually show you uh two different ways to utilize all of the patterns one is a very permissive maternal gentle loving way and another way is a more beat them over the head and win our you know a very combative kind of way and you can choose based on the situation which elements are actually more uh appropriate in the context you're working in um. So once again um.

So we got a bunch of okay. So for those of you who make your living in any form of public speaking and i've said this before and i'll say it again the fastest way to build your business both long term and short term let me let me look. At you in the eyes. Again for this the fastest way to build your business long term and short term with the minimum amount of money like a shoestring marketing budget the fastest way to build your business is through public speaking okay.

That's the 99 of the people on this on this uh webinar today are here because of videos i did from a free public event where i demonstrated my skills i gave people the information that they needed i showed them how to make change and i did it in a fun entertaining and educational way the the course that i'm i'm showing you now is called charisma and conversion our charisma our charisma on command and it's this and it's a course designed specifically to teach you the art and science of hypnotic public speaking how to generate massive authority affinity attraction charisma to get people to do what you want them to do how to deploy and leverage hypnotic technique from the stage with an audience now you remember when we talked about weapons of mass instruction we talked about the power of story and how these high-level speakers build all these high-level nlp techniques into their stories and their metaphors and things of that nature to prime the audience to take an action to believe a certain way or to install certain skill sets in charisma on command what we're going to teach you to do is everything else we're going to teach you how to stand where to stand how to spatial anchor how to create two we have two very powerful very different presentation templates that we're going to share with you for small groups and large groups that have an 80 to 90 percent i mean questions i shouldn't say that um the. First this is one of my daughter's stress balls in case you were wondering i might throw this in as anybody who grabbed i might autograph do an autographed stress ball for anybody who wants to join this package um. But basically what this is it's not a class on stage hypnosis it's a class on how to use hypnotic techniques like high-level speakers do from the stage okay. So you learn basic stagecraft how to hold a microphone where to stand how to move uh state control for the how to get rapport with an audience generate compliance on command we'll tell you we'll show you two very different uh public speaking templates persuasion architecture if you will one is designed for small groups one is designed for very large groups okay.

One is good if you're doing any kind of medical or therapy based presentation the other is for more of a heart centered biz ops or skill development process type of presentation very heart centered. So we'll teach you all to those templates and you'll come out of that training with an actual 90-minute talk that you can use on demand anytime anywhere and just like in um weapons of mass instruction we're also going to show you the ninja story stuff we're going to show you exactly how these nlp techniques are utilized within the context of a story and in stagecraft to create very powerful compliance in your audience. So once again this is again for people who want to get up on stage and be ultra charismatic and have people rushing to the back of the room to buy your stuff sign up for a free consultation get your free gifts whatever and i also teach in this particular course i also teach you all of my secret youtube strategies all the things that i did to take the content i created on my free live events and have them hit the number two in three spots and number one spots on my website on my youtube channel which is where the vast majority of you came from you came from a live event utilizing this material and i'm going to show you step by step how i did it. So for those of you who have a business want to take it to the.

Next level. But don't have a huge marketing budget this is how you leverage all the content you create you should never be doing a public talk of any kind without a video quarter running i'm going to give you that for free right. Up front you should never be doing any presentation any podcast whether it's for you in other words if you're a guest host on somebody else's podcast you should have your own recording running. So you can leverage that content there should never be a time when you're presenting that you don't have a recorder going i'm gonna tell you that right.

Up front because i'm gonna that's gonna it's been the biggest single source of my success as a trainer is all that content i never i just had the camera running i never thought i never knew how i would use it i never knew when i would use it it has transformed everything okay. It doesn't matter if it's if you think it's shitty in fact many times the shittier you think it is the more people like it. So again um take that for what it's worth okay. Um.

But we're going to give you this we're going to give it to you absolutely free if you're one of the. Next 15 people to sign up total value that's a 1950 value it's yours absolutely free total combined value of the package we're offering you today. So far is 8 dollars. So let's just recap really quick because we've been talking a while we're gonna give you today uh the 17 video seven stage universal persuasion protocol valued at two thousand and seventy nine dollars we're going to throw in that killer influence master text that has all those extra modules in it it's a 418 value we're going to give you access to our online nlp power mastermind mentoring community it's absolutely priceless we're going to share we're going to give you absolutely free the weapons of mass instruction neuroscientific storytelling secrets recorded live 1 950 value uh we're going to give it to you free right.

We're going to give you renegade reframing objection obliteration and speed conversational belief change nine hundred and fifty dollar value and. Then. Finally we're going to throw in that charisma on command hypnotic presentation skills for presenters and public speakers it's a one thousand nine hundred and fifty dollar value total value today if you were to go to try and by the way a lot of these you cannot buy on the website if you were to go to look. For like weapons of mass instruction or renegade reframing or prism on command i actually don't think you would find them on our website i think right.

Now the only way you can get these is through our webinars that may have changed. But. Last i looked they weren't there. So the only place you can get these is uh through this webinar today uh total value is eight thousand three hundred and forty seven dollars.

But today i wanna get because it's the holidays right. This is the. Last time i'm gonna get to talk to you before the new year uh officially i may i may pop on unofficially. But i want to give you the best deal humanly possible today.

So you aren't you're not going to have to pay 8 347 in fact you're not even going to have to pay 6347 you're not gonna have to pay for 53.47 or even 33.47 we're not even going to charge you 2 347. for those of you who want to take advantage of this super ultra persuasion home study course today you can get it all for a low one-time investment of just 9.97 and if money is a little tight until your code check comes in or whatever you can break that up into three easy installments of just 397 all you have to do to take advantage of this course and get started right. Now is go to www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go that's www.killerinfluence.com forward slash geo uh can we get the link in there for you thank you all right. And uh stephanie is waiting to uh help you if you have any questions give our our amazing administrative guidance stephanie lestenskeva a call at 858-282-4663 let me put that in the youtube chat for people 858 282 4663 and. Then oops that's not what i wanted and i don't see the link showing up for our youtuber.

So let me go ahead and put that in the chat it's um http and by all means um if you want to be one of the. First few to grab this some people are already asking just click that link and you can go ahead and take advantage of this amazing offer right. Now some people ask me well david i i might have i might i already have some of these courses um if you already have one of the courses offered in the package um as long as you you can swap that out for any other course on our website or in our catalog as long as the price points are the same. So let's say uh for some mysterious reason you've already got uh two which is the uh weapons of mass instructions 1900 1497 value uh.

But you don't have identity by design or vibrational influence if the price points are the same which i think they are you just tell stephanie hey can i swap it out for xyz product and as long as the price points are close or similar um you know it's not a problem you can customize your package. So all you got to do to grab a hold of that is go to www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go that's www.killer forward slash go okay. These are all recordings yes. These are all recordings of live trainings i was doing okay.

We're going to talk about live trainings i think you know as much as i love this program and i think everybody's going to benefit from it especially now with all the coveted restrictions and travel restrictions and everything you need this now more than ever live events are still going to be the fastest way for you to take this in and get the biggest bang for your buck now if you're on the fence i want you to understand that everything that we're offering you today comes with a 90 day guarantee okay. I don't waste my time on low percentage technique and neither should you i guarantee that these th if you take the time to do this techniques if you take the time to use them and practice them and actually deploy them out in the real world they will work okay. And if they don't work i don't want your money i'm going to give it back if you're not making more money closing more deals reaching you know moving towards more for financial freedom if you're not getting more of the dates the social interactions the compliance everything that you want if you if you're if you're not feeling more powerful and feeling less powerless if you're if you feel like you actually have an ability to get more of what you want and you're less of getting denied what you want um awesome. But if you're not if you're not getting the results that we're saying that you're gonna get give us a call we'll coach you if after the coaching it's not working we'll give you your money back okay.

If this stuff isn't working for you i don't want i don't want your money i don't want your funds i want you to take those resources and use them towards something that will work for you. So try it for a full 90 days if you're not 100 satisfied with the results that you're getting and they're continuing to get better because they will um give us a call and we'll either swap the product out for you or we'll give you your money back that's my get and you can keep the downloadable courses right. It's again if it's working keep you if you work. So i know you'll be back.

So i'm not worried um. So all you gotta do to grab yours is go to www.killerinfluence forward slash go www.killerinfluence.com forward slash geo i'm just going to keep pasting the links there okay. Now and if this wasn't already a really good deal some of you who who uh when i when were you asking for how much and where's the link and yada yada yada you're going to be. So glad you did that for those of you who grab your course before december 22nd 2020 11 59 p.m we're going to include these following extra bonuses for you.

First one we're going to give you is a three month free mastermind to our nlp power mastermind mentoring program now let me explain you a little bit about what this is it's a 594 value. But once you hear let me explain it uh you're going to realize it's actually way more valuable than that. So what do we do on the the nlp power mastermind is the world's longest running free uh it's not free it's paid group it's an nlp mastermind mentoring program we've been running it non-stop on the. Third saturday of every month since 2010 and literally what happens on the.

Third saturday of every month we get together uh genesis if you have a question email stephanie nlpower.com and she will answer it for you um what we literally do on the. Third saturday of every month and this was before code we're still doing it during code. But not face to face we're doing it virtually um i literally we meet on the. Third saturday of every month i literally go around and say kate what do you want to learn genesis what do you want to learn jason what do you want to learn jacob what do you want to learn catherine what do you want to learn right.

Allegra what do you want holly what are you going to learn stephanie what do you want to learn laura what do you want to learn and i write it on a board and when i'm done looking at everybody's questions i look. Where they all kind of intersect and connect i create the lesson plan on the spot and. Then for the. Next three or four hours sometimes six hours depending on on the day i drill you guys on those skills until you can do them in your sleep okay.

So you if you when you join the nlp power mastermind you don't get a certificate you get the opportunity to practice with your peers with people who have problems that they want to solve and you get trained and drilled on specifically how to fix those problems in three or four hours we give you the exact tools and we drill you as much as we can in the time that we have okay. And. Then you go out and you employ deploy those skills in your life and you fix your problems you come back. Next month and i'm going to guys what do you want to learn what do you want to learn what do you want to learn what do you want to learn and you know what we're going to do the same thing we're going to look.

At where they all connect we're going to create the lesson plan on the spot and we're going to drill you on those techniques until you can do those okay. It is one of the most fun powerful and empowering things that that um our members have experienced and i've got to be honest with you i've been doing i've been teaching this group running this group for 10 years it is probably one of the single biggest reasons why i can do. So many different things that i can do in as many different contexts and environments and situations as i can because every single month i get people asking me about all these different topics and i got to find a way to connect and link them and create a lesson plan that amplifies the skill set and teach it that's putting me on the spot every single moment and it's fun right. And if you really want to take your skills to the.

Next level that hands-on group is going to be the single biggest bonus of all the bonuses that we're sharing with you why because you get to actually do stuff you can actually get to functionalize those those treat those those skill sets okay. You won't get a certificate you'll get a skill set right. This is priceless this is what separates the persuasion enthusiast or the persuasion knowledge collector from the persuasion operator the person who can actually go out into the world and create change this is where the rubber hits the road. So if that's you and you want to meet cool people who like to do cool stuff and get your problems solved this three-month free trial is going to be awesome for you now if you like it after three months stay it's only 100 bucks a month actually it's 99 bucks a month and you get to you get to keep coming back hang out with your peeps and go out and do the world now here's the other thing i've been running this group non-stop since 2010. remember what i said when we talked about charisma on command never do a public event without a camera running we've had a camera running every moment of every single mastermind event we've been running since 2010. we've archived all of that video on our fa our private facebook.

Group on the nlp power website and a lot of it is now being archived on our platinum and diamond on our gold platinum and diamond levels uh youtube groups when you're a member of the nlp power mastermind mentoring program you get 24 hour a day access to that entire 10 year video archive for as long as you want to binge watch stuff that's largely never been released it's raw video um. But you can ben if you like binge watching the stuff that we release to the general public on youtube you're gonna love this archive okay. You get full full unfettered access for the entire three months of your trial and if you decide you want to upgrade and become a regular member you you have access to that content for as long as you're a member in good standing that's our gift right. This is i mean if you're really serious okay.

I will if you're committed i'm committed right. You show up i'll show up that's how it works okay. Uh and you can ask the people in the group uh sue mckeller is asking is this a virtual group i want to join that group yes. Right.

Now it is a virtual group prior to covid it was hybrid we had a virtual audience and we had an in the room audience and we simulcast it okay. And as soon as kovitz done we're going back to the live event or the live training with the virtual option. So if you're in the south southern california area. So northern cal you want to drive down and participate in the room with us you can if you want to check in virtually and participate virtually you can right.

It's my gift it's a it's free for you just for grabbing the secrets of human influence package test drive it see if it works for you if you like the people if you like the material and it's getting you what you want stay if not move on to something else all you have to grab is go to the uh the the link to your right. There in the chat is www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go test drive it for 30 days right. Or 90 days and and see how it works for you okay. Um by the way those of you who are on youtube um i am going to be uh probably putting a cap on the diamond level for you guys um because the.

Last mastermind we did had 37 people in it and that's starting to get a little bit outside of my comfort zone without enough people or handlers on the group. So i'm going to start limiting the access to that if you're already a diamond member you're going to be you're going to be grandfathered in if you're a mastermind member um you're not going to be ostracized. But we are probably going to start closing off registration until uh some people drop out. So um again not trying to be you play a scarcity tactic on you.

But there are even i have my limits in terms of making sure everybody gets the the personal attention that they need. But if you want to test drive it when would now be a good time to click that link in your chat and reserve your seat for the. Next training okay. Let's move on because we got more stuff for you right.

So you're going to get that it's about as you can see it's way more than a 594 dollar value right. Total combined value. So far is 8941. we're also going to throw in for those of you who want to be able to like download something tonight and start hypnotizing people tomorrow this is our fast action stealth instant conversational hypnosis uh course um yeah okay. Um and this is again this is a drill down on the seven most powerful hypnotic language patterns instant and rapid inductions uh emotional triggers and bonding three magic questions protocols things of that nature um and uh this will get you again literally you can watch two videos and be out using conversational hypnosis on people within a couple of hours i recommend you take a little bit longer to do the drills.

But you could literally get started that quick this is a fast action bonus it's a 997 it does come with manuals and workbooks in case you were wondering and there's some extra bonus videos in that course as well which you'll discover when you download it it's a total combined value of 9938 dollars and for those of you who actually want to be in a room with me for those of you who want to be uh get the full experience and the people in the chats will tell you as good as our hybrid events are as good as our video home study courses are there is nothing like the live event there is nothing uh i mean it just it just they just keep getting better the people are awesome and you you actually get the we actually do three times more hands-on than any other trainer in the industry for those of you who are uh the. Next 15 people to grab one of these ultra persuasion home study course packages i'm going to give you absolutely free a vip super event ticket this is this is a ticket that gets you free admission to any single live event of your choice in our 2021 uh 2022 calendar even if we haven't added it yet you don't even need to know what event you want to come to as long as you have that ticket when you see an event that you want to uh you want to attend all you do is pick up the phone reach out our emails to stephanie say hey stephanie i'd like to go to xyz course i have this vip ticket can i use it and without with very few exceptions she's going to say come on in even if the training's full you get to go now the best thing about our vip ticket is you don't need to know what training you want as long as you got the ticket and you can satisfy the requirements for the class you can come in if the class is full you still get to go we'll find a seat for you if something comes up at the. Last minute you call stephanie you say hey i want to use this vip ticket um can i go and. Then at the.

Last minute coveted restrictions come back your boss becomes a flying there's a death in the family somebody's sick whatever the reason is and you can't get to the live event all you have to do is you pick up the phone or you send stephanie an email you say hey i was going to come to this event something came up i can't go she will move you to another training or she will put you back your your ticket back in the database until you choose another training you have that ticket until you use it. So if you get your ticket today and it takes you three years to come to a live event you pick up the phone you say stephanie i bought this ticket on a webinar three years ago i want to come to this training she'll say come on in you have it until you use it if the cost of the training goes up between now and those three years it doesn't matter you still get to go the price the the event no. Longer matters right. There are some restrictions if the event is over uh seven days seven days are over there's usually a little extra fee because we base our pricing around three and five day events certain tech certain classes that we teach like vibrational influence or nlp certification have prerequisites to get in you can use that vip ticket.

But you have to satisfy the prerequisites before we'll let you use the ticket for that event those are the only restrictions that we have uh the other thing is if i'm co-hosting an event with somebody there's usually a little extra fee because we take the hit. But the trainer that we're co-hosting with doesn't that's going to go away pretty soon because we're not going to be doing a lot of those events with other people. But those are the only real restrictions and stephanie can give you the details on those. But by and large do you intend on holding some live events outside yes.

Yes. 100 we have every intention of getting back to the uk uh we'd like to go to amsterdam we have plans to be in australia in may or june um we may even go back to greece or cyprus um we have uh a rain check on canada. So yes. Um we have every and the vip tickets are good for those events as well which brings me to another question um one of the things you'll notice when you look.

At some of our events in other parts of the world like the uk or the eu all of our all of our seminar tuitions are based on the local currency. So if you if you're attending a training in the uk it's going to be in pound sterling if you're attending the uh training in um in the eu it's going to be in euros. So and you know the exchange rate is significantly higher uh for that. So it's technically more expensive for those of us in the us and canada and australia to go to those uh those events in europe.

However if you have a vip ticket that doesn't matter anymore you still get to go right. You show up you can i in fact the. Last training the five-day killer influence that we did in uh in the uk three years ago i had like seven people show up from the united states using their vip tickets. So and again we were charging like 2300 euro or something like 2300 pounds um for that.

So again we have every intention of you know there's some of the benefits of the vip tickets we don't offer them all the time um. So if it's something that you know you want to do you want to get the the one-on-one interaction the feedback build uh uh a support network for yourself this is the best way to get that started okay. You combine that you take that live event you take the video courses that are based on that live event and. Then you integrate that into your mastermind and now you have the best overall training platform for becoming your absolute best version of yourself becoming a master of influence because everything you get is being reinforced by the other aspects of the program okay.

So again for those of you who want to take advantage of that it's only for the. First 15 people who register for the secrets of human influence training package and that goes away by the way that goes away when i sign off the webinar as soon as i click the end button on the webinar that vip ticket is no. Longer available you you'll still be the you'll still be able to get the rest of the package because the deadline for that is uh 11 59 pm pacific time. But the vip ticket is off the table the vip ticket is only for people who are truly committed who want the very best for themselves if that's you you know what to do just click the link uh in your chats and or reach out to stephanie directly at 858-282-4663 or email her directly if you call and the line's busy it's because everybody else is calling too keep calling just keep calling until you get through she will get back to you.

But make sure that when you call you leave a message every now and. Then people call and they just hang up leave your contact information she will get back to you within 24 hours if not sooner if your name is on that queue. Then you will qualify for the bonus ticket. But if it isn't not.

So much guys okay. I try to make it as easy as i can leave a message right. Um i try to make it as easy as i can. But at the end of the day this is this is a partnership you show up i'll show up i'm going to show again if you don't show up.

But other people will. So make sure nobody else gets your seat grab yours before they're gone okay. Because we're only limiting this to only 15 people we had over like seven like 20 some somewhere between 16 and 20 people um didn't get in uh. Last time.

So um go ahead and take advantage of that okay. So that's what i got total value of everything we've talked about today is 11 888 dollars. So once again for those of you who are interested uh you can get the secrets of human influence home study course valued at two thousand seventy nine dollars we're going to give you the secrets of unemployment's killer influence master text 418 value we're gonna give it to absolutely free we're gonna give you weapons of mass instruction 1950 value 100 free we're going to give you objection obliteration 1 950 value absolutely free we're going to give you charisma and conversion hypnotic presentation skills for speakers and presenters 1 950 value we're going to give it to you free you're going to get a free three-month trial membership to the nlp power mastermind mentoring program and unlimited access to the entire nlp power video training archive it's over 594 value we're going to give it to you absolutely free you're going to get access to the the monthly meetings as well as the archive we're also going to include for you fast action takers a stealth instant conversational hypnosis crash course valued at 997 dollars we're going to give it to you free and we're going to give you that vip super ticket which gives you your choice of any single live event in our 2020 or 2020 or 2021 or 2022 calendar which isn't even out yet. So um you know if you don't know what you want right.

Now stay tuned we're going to be adding more classes and you can come to any single live event if you can't get there from if you want to come to an event. But you're limited by your code restrictions you can attend it virtually using your ticket um i would pay the freight for the live for the for the virtual event uh and keep that live and keep that vip ticket for to come in person. But it's up to you how you want to use it you can even give to people you can even gift it to somebody if you want to just let us know who you're gifting it to. So we have their name in our database.

So we're going to get that to you absolutely free. But that's only for the. First 15 people who enroll in uh in the course or by the super influence training package today. So total value all right.

Total installment is 997 dollars you're looking at 11 888 worth of good stuff and that's not even counting what you're going to make from deploying these skills or if 997 is a little outside of your budget right. Away you can break that up into three easy installments of just 3.97 and all you got to do is click that link in your chat box right. There or go or type into your browser www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go that's www influence forward slash go if you have a question call stephanie858282-4663 that's six 858-282-4663 if the line is busy leave a message with your name and call back information she will get back to you if you're if you're if you put your name and your contact information on the message and one of those 15 slots is available probably not. But if it's available you will qualify for that vip ticket.

But if we can't get back to you we can't help you all right. We're good at what we do. But we can multiply zeros you got to do some stuff too all right. So just go to www.killerinfluence.com forward slash geo and uh what we're going to do now is i'm going to take any questions that you have while you guys are filling out your um your offer your uh buying your programs and stuff like that we're gonna take a five or six minute potty break.

So you guys can get the pressure out of your bladders from all the caffeinated substances you've been imbibing. Then we're going to come back and we're going to drill down once again oh kate says i bought the package. Last week and i want to sign stress ball okay. Next time i see you you will have a signed stress paul made by my daughter or me i helped her with her project and i will sign it in a sharpie for you okay.

Anybody who wants um anybody who grabs all those packages i have a ton of these uh homemade stress balls uh from my my daughter's craft project yes. We're done we do take paypal reach out to stephanie directly um and uh i think you actually you can actually use paypal if you use the if you use this link there's probably a paypal option on that page um we'll i'll sign the stress ball in sharpie and um okay. Again when you buy your package let's definitely know you want a stress ball and i will autograph them and we will include that um uh we'll ship it to you somehow some way or if i see you at a live event i'll give it to you there all right. Cool all right.

I'm gonna take a five minute potty break um we'll come back i'll answer whatever questions you have or stephanie or some of our uh alumni can answer those questions. Then if it's okay. With you i want to get back to teaching you cool stuff would that be okay. Is that useful self signed stress balls for 50 a piece let me think about that one agnes let me think about that one all right.

We'll see you in five minutes does anybody have any questions that i can answer before while we're on break happy to do it would now be a good time to ask those questions how do you get access to the course you found it's very simple you go to www.nlpower.com there should be a place in the upper right. Hand corner now let me just show you on my screen oh that might just be easier okay. So here we go all right. So this is our website look.

At that handsome devil there right. Uh. So you're gonna go to here and if you scroll down you make this bigger home a. Second login and.

Then you would log in oops that's not what i wanted. Anyway you would you should you wouldn't go to this face. But um if you go to your it says your account there's my products and. Then all the products that you you've purchased or you have as a bonus we'll be here okay.

So again some of you this is tmi some of you this is common sense. But if it's not if you go into your into your products page and it's not there call stephanie please do that again i missed it okay. Watch again skip this part because you won't get this. But if you go to your my account you navigate.

So. So again you go to your login under your my products page you should find every course you have clearance for okay. As you see i have quite a few of them right. This is also while we're on this this is also one of the reasons why at the live events we always say before you um sign up for any of our big training packages you come and talk to us.

First because when you when you joined our webinar when you when you joined our event you had a very specific set of outcomes in mind once we get to know you and we know what you want to achieve we can show you the minimum number of courses to take to get the skill sets you want otherwise if you're just coming in looking looking at this you have no. You have no. Idea at all where to start. So this is one of the services that we offer if you know what you want to be able to do.

But you have no. Idea what course to start with in planet david call us we will give you the least amount of courses to take where to start where to go. Next and where to go. Next that is a service that we provide we give.

But you got to know what you want and. Then you give us a call and we will make recommendations and. Then it's up to you to choose um whatever program or set of programs meets your needs that's our job okay. As much as i would love you to buy every single thing in the catalog we're always adding new stuff to the catalog we want you we want to map for you the shortest distance between where you are and where you want to be the question was asked do i do any of richard bandler's identity by design stuff or not uh um design human engineering um there are things that i do and things that i teach that have elements of richard's um design human engineering in it.

But i've never actually taken that course from him um. So i can't actually answer that question 100 ethically i know the basic premise and from that perspective yes. There are some things that are very very uh parallel to richard's design human engineering course. But our stuff is sourced from many different locations and many different resources.

So that's the best answer i can give you okay. Does that help okay. So let me go back to this all right. So if this is something you know you want to take advantage of how to strengthen rapport after three magic questions yui if you do three magic questions right.

Your rapport is going to be. So strong you're not going to be able to pry them away with a crowbar that's exactly what three magic questions is designed to do it's designed to create connection and rapport bordering on romantic love in many cases in as little as 20 minutes right. Um. But it it's it's extraordinarily powerful okay.

Any other questions before we go back to uh the teaching segment of today's webinar go ahead and type your questions now see if i missed any questions here oh. So i gotta make this a little bigger alright. For any more questions about passwords and websites i'm gonna i'm gonna refer you to stephanie uh we want to stay focused matt hunts i have killer influence from a few years ago is the uk version worth getting or is it worth getting identity by design matt that really depends on what direction you want to go okay. As far as identity by design goes identity by design is great uh if you plan on doing therapy or therapeutic interventions otherwise uh and i like the the killer influence uk version it has it's 27 videos as opposed to 17. i if i remember correctly it was a five-day killer influence training as opposed to a four day and we covered a ton of attraction stuff um in that course.

So those you are worth they're both worth getting. But which one i recommend is basically based on the answer to your question what is it that you want to achieve if your goal is to be a hypnotherapist coach mentor you want to go with identity by design if your goal is persuasion sales influence attraction dating marketing. Then you want to go with the killer influence program right. So you need to decide what your emphasis is going to be and.

Then plug in the appropriate call okay. If you're any kind of coach and you don't have the identity by design techniques you are dancing on one leg these are some of the most powerful transformational um methods that are actually really really simple to deploy um in any coaching context. So hold on a. Second there's a lot of i see questions in the chat that are now coming up um stephanie is a goddess yes.

I agree david how do we get over the need for permission and initiate the engagement be it in selling flirting conflict or combat all right. Gd i need to know what you mean by the need for permission are you talking about internal permission permission for you to do these things um and and take action or are you talking about permission granted from another person i don't know i don't know what the context is when you see the need for permission. So if you can ask me a better question i can give you a better answer and by the way just uh fyi um obviously there's a lot of questions in the chat and because of the the format that we're following um it's not always possible for me to answer every single question if you have a burning question and i don't answer it when this pla when this replay goes live on youtube or wherever if you go to the comments section for the replay of this video and you re-type your question i always go back and re-read the comments if you re-ask your question i will do my best to actually give you an answer in written form below your account your your your question in the comment box okay. That's my promise i always go back and read the comments i always do um.

So if i don't for some reason i don't answer your question because we're on it or on a schedule just type it in the chat or type it in the uh in the comment section and you will get you will get an answer okay. Let's see here all right. I think that's all we got for now okay. When i say act silly i don't mean i say i mean playful i don't mean silly.

So the whole idea is when you enter the interaction you don't goof off you just act very very relaxed very casual very like go with the flow right. Just allow yourself to what you know it's just water off a duck's back right. But the more upbeat you are the more good-natured and good humored you are even amongst these serious people the more you're gonna leverage their compliance their their um their willingness to capitulate to your asks okay. Um the worst thing you can do sorry i just had to throw something away the worst thing you can do is buy into their seriousness because that's that that attempt to make you buy into their seriousness is an attempt to break your frame it's an attempt to control you and influence you emotionally and.

Therefore your cognition they may constantly understand it they may not negotiations uh professional negotiators they push all kinds of emotional buttons to get people to look. At to get that amygdala supercharged. So you really need to practice being laid back easy going um and just if not playful at least good-natured and humorous and upbeat okay. Okay.

So gd if you have guilt about initiating an interaction you need the identity by design techniques okay. That's exactly what you need that's what that's what identity by design the identity by design system those are the kind of things that it was designed for okay. For inner game okay. All right.

You guys ready to play a little bit type yes. If you're ready to play some more okay. Cool all right. So here's what's gonna happen now now we're gonna we're gonna kind of go around a lot of the things that we talked about go back to criterion values a lot of things that we talked about go into three magic questions one of the fundamental building blocks and limitless lucario's asking where do i start if i want to learn auto hypnosis identity by design and you'll also get um yeah identity by design that's where you start okay.

Um. So a lot both of these techniques if you were to actually diagram how this looks in terms of a flow chart let me see i'll use the whiteboard feature right. So. So you have criterion values you have three magic questions you have the resistance removal protocol right.

Uh how many of you were on. Last week where i taught these right. This is how it all comes together okay. So you've got these three distinct areas right.

The emotional bonding checklist allows you to connect whatever somebody wants to whatever you offer three magic questions allows you to take somebody from stranger to intimate connection in as little as 20 minutes resistance removal formula you to make somebody want to do the things they just said they didn't want to do all right. So you have three techniques here's everybody see this okay. What all these things have in common they all begin with the same technique that technique is the echo technique what is the echo technique the echo technique is to use a person's exact words as a delivery mechanism and a jumping jumping off point to control the conversation how do you use the echo technique repeat a person's exact words that's exactly what you do for the purposes of this training are you guys all with am i you guys can you guys all see the screen i'm using right. Here i need to look.

At the chat and make sure people are getting this okay. Good um. So one. Second okay.

This won't let me it's okay. Selector here we go. So if you look. At how all this kind of works together you can use the echo technique to it to to enter and work within each of these.

But you can also use the echo technique to transition from one to the other seamlessly does that make sense why do we use the echo technique why is this. So important once again here's the i'm gonna jump back to our um oh i don't wanna do powerpoint sorry that's not what i want uh here we go okay. Here's why we need to use the echo tank this is what we need to understand about this is especially important for you uh you newcomers and first-timers for a lot of the the the not. So new people um this is again review.

But it it's review that needs to happen okay. Did i get that here we go okay. The echo technique is the single most important neurological technique that we teach because it allows you to do every other thing that we just talked about better this is how you maximize people's attentions in minimum time okay. When when a person gets their very own words coming back to them they their neurology literally orients on the source of those words let me explain this human beings we talked about somebody asked about this earlier there's this concept i teach an identity in the old identity by design systems called the acceptance rejection projection connection what that means is we create a self concept and that self concept is uh a bunch of conclusions that we reach about ourselves and the world about us through an unlimited an incalculable number of filters and processes.

But what happens is when we. Finally come to that conclusion about the way the world is who i am in the world what's right. And wrong in my world i have this little internal image of what that looks like and part of me actually looks at that representation of the way the world is supposed to be not the way the world is where the world's supposed to be and i make judgments about it and what happens is simultaneously just like shining the act of looking at yourself inside shines a light on that image that you made and it reflects outside of you and what i mean by that is you will start to project that internal image you have of yourself and the way the world is supposed to be to everyone around you right. When use and what's going on literally with human beings is that human beings are moving through the world looking for the closest match to the person they see inside themselves subconsciously they're listening for the person who speaks closest to the way that person speaks inside themselves their everything about them is oriented to finding the match and basically what your neurology is literally doing every moment of every day it's just like like a radar you know how radars work right.

They send out a little sound wave or electromagnetic wave it hits something it bounces back and. Then that bounce back is interpreted by the machine well human beings have this kinesthetic visual kinesthetic pinging that they're doing and what they're doing is they're sending out messages and when and when the reflection comes back the more it matches that internal checklist that that person's created the faster and deeper into rapport and attraction they fall. So one of the fastest ways that you can and the moment that happens it's autonomic it's it's just something you're neurology the moment it checks off the box your nervous system scanning and all of a sudden it gets a ping that matches it and. Then it starts to focus and it orients on the source of the sameness to the degree that it matches the internal checklist right.

This is where your criterion values come in this is where your three magic questions come in this is where resistance removal comes in where it's most telling the bridge that allows you to go from you to the other person in a way that forces them to neurologically pay attention to you and to fall deeper and deeper into rapport and connection and want to tell you more stuff the simple most powerful way to do that is to use the to echo the exact words that come out of their mouth in the order and sequence they came out it is a perfect key to lock fit between that person's internal image and internal checklists and you okay. This is live yes. This is live okay. So when we go back and we look.

At oh i think that i think that erased didn't it nope okay. Um. So the echo technique is where we start all right. So let's look.

At some of the reasons why we do this because it's going to be normally i don't spend as much time on the echo technique because if you've watched any of our videos on youtube we cover this a lot you see me do this a lot. But it's really really important it's really really important when we start doing three magic questions the echo technique is by far the most powerful way to communicate with another human being when you use it it literally forces a person's neurology to pay attention to you many times to the exclusion of everything else how many of you ever had this experience you're at a party it's very noisy you're talking to somebody or maybe you're off in the corner and somebody mentions your name from across the room and you turn around and you look. At that person even though they're not even talking to you you ever had that experience yes. Or no.

If you haven't it's okay. But how many of you ever had that experience okay. The reason that happened is that you have two levels of attention that your neurology pays you have the conscious attention and. Then you have the unconscious attention your neurology is always unconsciously scanning for everything in the environment that's related to you it may not do it within your conscious awareness.

But when it senses something that's important to you at the unconscious level many times it will give you a ping at the conscious level when you deliberately start using the echo technique you hack that lev that deeper level of awareness it causes a person's neurology to literally orient on you to the exclusion of everything else because what's coming in is such a perfect fit to what to the context the environment and all the internal neurological mental and emotional associations connected to those words it's perfect the entire neurology lights up like a christmas tree okay. Okay. How to eliminate one of the best things about the echo technique how many of you guys here hate small talk right. Or are always worried about what to say or or whatever when you start to use the echo technique on another human being they will start to run off at the mouth your problem won't be figuring out what to say it'll be getting the other person to shut up long enough.

So you can say it. But the best part is you don't want them to shut up because one of the things that the echo technique does is it neurologically primes the receiver the person hearing their words coming back to them to want to talk more they want they they feel. So heard. So connected.

So understood by you that they want to share more with you and they're loving it and what happens is they just start running off at the mouth and here's the best part about this folks the longer they talk the more connected trusting and attracted to you they tend to become okay. Bernie says i've been trying to use the echo technique. But it feels like it doesn't make sense like it's out of context for me to repeat their words you may not be delivering it congruently and you may be actually assigning the wrong meaning to what you're doing we'll talk about that in a minute just to make it more relevant okay. Um.

So this sends very powerful signals of sameness to the person and this is one of the things when it comes to attraction we have to walk the tightrope the tightrope of being different enough to be interesting. But same enough to be comfortable and and trustable okay. And that's one of the things that the three magic questions uh which has the echo technique embedded in it is going to do for you okay. So again one of the things that we look.

You know i. First learned about this this concept uh in my attraction in my pickup artist days uh and there was this concept we call validation validation is that feeling of being approved of of being uh acceptable in somebody's world or acceptable to another human being one of the things that happens when a person gets their very own language coming back to them is it signals that the person that's giving them their words back has paid attention at a level that most people don't normally get paid attention to and they're desperate for it the other thing does it does is it signals acceptance of those words by the other person in other words when they feel their words coming back to them it sends a message of i've heard you and i approve of you it's it it triggers validation feelings in the mind of the listener the person receiving their words back to them in such a way that they feel that you've granted them your approval and once they have that type of approval that kind of connection they bond with you and they don't want to give it up. So it's think of the echo technique as the glue that cements all of the things you're doing to you emotionally speaking right. And you can do this at a very superficial level you could do it at a very uh deep level you know you know one of the most powerful cross-contextual techniques that we can use for language rapport and emotional bonding is the echo technique okay.

Again there's a whole we have a whole in fact if you if you look. At. Last week's webinar uh chris stombaugh was on he said we did we practically did a um a graduate level course on the echo technique we're not gonna we're not gonna do that here. But we are gonna we're gonna cover it enough that you know what it is how i want you to train it and why it's.

So important in the big picture because it allows us to bridge and transition from all those different other conversational frameworks that we're using does this make sense. So far with under is asking what content subjects work best with the echo taking pretty much any of them okay. Yeah the best thing you can do is just start by asking a question uh uh signaling acknowledgement repeating their words and asking another question echo technique literally is endless if you understand it doesn't seem like that when you're just learning it it seems vic this is all i can say this is the only thing this is the only way i can say it. Last week i did a complete breakdown of all the different ways you can use the echo technique in normal organic conversations both for verbatim and with changes in the in the para language do you phrase it like a question you absolutely can phrase it like a question you can also phrase it like a statement right.

Right. Okay. What are the three magic well i'm glad you asked what are the three magic questions all right. Uh let's go back to this all right.

So let's look. At the 3mq three magic questions is how to make people like love and trust you in as little as 20 minutes the three magic questions is a code for three categories of question okay. It's a conversational framework that allows two people who are strangers to rapidly generate pleasurable stimulating conversations that trigger deeper levels of emotional attraction trust and bonding okay. Here's how i would organize this i would say for most people this should be your priority this should be the.

Next piece because for attraction you may if you use the traditional straight uh three magic questions process there's a high probability that you'll generate attraction high probability um. But if you want to make certain that you generate attraction you have to modify your report technique just a little bit to something we call vibing which we cover in our rapid attraction secrets program killer influence and um rapid rapid attraction secrets killer influence and i think we covered in cpi as well. So um. But by and large if you just follow the process we're giving you you'll be good you'll be in the good enough category um.

So if we want to trigger trust and bonding and. Then ultimately attraction they'll do it three magic questions each category of the questions stimulates a more primal deeper level in the subject's mind. So the three magic questions is a way of going from a very superficial level of interaction complete stranger to a very deep intimate level of interaction in as little as 20 minutes now i wouldn't rush to get through the 20-minute window i would take as much time as is pleasurable for you to do it because if you're having a good time chances are the other person is too. But it does create intense bonding and self-disclosure one of the reasons that it creates intense bonding and self-disclosure is because embedded within this process is the echo technique you'll remember that we told the echo technique tribute stimulates self-disclosure.

So some guidelines that we want to follow uh when we're doing three magic questions and by the way the the three levels let me uh slide this over here the three levels for three magic questions is location occasion level one and it's going to be career play and passion that's level two and. Then. Finally early positive childhood experiences we call that level three okay. So the again if you want to know what the categories of question are level one location occasion these are questions about the venue you're at or the reason you're there okay.

So venue reason career level two career play and passion these are questions about what you people do for a living what they love to play at uh what they're passionate about okay. And. Then early positive childhood experiences these are some of the most powerful memories that you can access you never you never use level three questions unless until rather they have passed all the tests level one and two. So what do i mean by tests three magic questions.

First of all i did not create three magic the the three magic questions concept i adapted the three magic questions from a book. Uh written a book. Called love trances by a man named craig ravinsky and he had i'd seen many various forms of this particular template before he had the cleanest uh most user-friendly approach i highly recommend you grab that book. Support craig it's the only book.

He ever wrote he's actually thrilled to death that we actually name him as a source. But three magic questions was originally designed as a conversational hypnosis framework designed for women to use on men for the specific purpose of doing two things at the same time the. First was to generate attraction in the other person in the other person the. Second part was to generate an evaluation to cause this person to give you information that would allow the female utilizing 3mq to determine if this person was a good potential mate or not in as little as 20 minutes.

So it's actually doing two things at the same time it's simultaneously generating attraction in the recipient and it's generating enhanced self-disclosure chemistry connection and bonding. So this person literally will give up more and more and more information about themselves that allows you as the person administering the questions to test and decide if this person is acceptable and matches your values or not does that make sense. So one of the things that you have to be doing in three magic questions write this down always be testing every answer that comes out of the person's mouth is something that you must echo analyze and report repeat back to them and. Then guide the conversation from within.

But the reason that you must remember and analyze is because everything they say is going to allow you to build an internal profile of this person to compare with what you want in a partner what you want in a relationship whether that's an intimate relationship a business relationship uh you know a long distance or or whatever what if you just want a friend you can do that it doesn't matter. But the the thing that has to happen is you have to have good state control and you have to always remember that the when you're utilizing three magic questions you are always in the psychological position of evaluating their answers and. Then reusing them and for the purpose of making a determination do they do i keep them or not where in my world does this person fit if they fit at all and. Then you have to have the resolution the state control to set those boundaries and maintain them are you following and there's a again there's a reason why i'm talking about all this non-technical stuff.

First because if you just start applying three magic questions willy-nilly you will become a victim of the attraction you generate because this will affect you very powerfully too. So you have to be in control of yourself you must know what you want what you will not accept where your boundaries are and you must maintain them one of the ways that you can do that is by always be evaluating always be testing okay. Always be evaluating always be testing okay. Uh let's see here.

So let's talk about level one questions a couple of guidelines whenever you ask whenever you begin the three magic questions protocol here's the. First thing again everything i'm telling you now presupposes what you already got your state control down you have your outcome set all that good stuff you know how to use your echo technique whenever you begin the three magic questions protocol you always stick to open-ended questions these are questions that have exp that force the person to give you an explanation an opinion or to tell you a story okay. You understand that it fillers if you ask a question that can be answered with a yes. Or no.

You're not doing three magic questions because there's no. Place to go from that answer you have to always always always ask open-ended questions. So uh one of the very common approaches back in the pickup and seduction days what we call an opinion opener where they walk up to somebody and say hey uh i just saw you over here i just i just have a quick question my friend and i are having an argument you know which do you think is sexy boxers or briefs right. And i'm curious as to why that is right.

Again we're not going to do that when we start asking open-ended questions we're going to start to ask questions about the venue that you're at or the reason you're there. So one of the things that might happen i might walk up to somebody at a bar and i might say hey curious best on real quick what are the what are the drink specials right. Now this person is going to start talking to me about what the drink specials are right. And now i can begin to repeat back what they said i can ask more questions and i can start to create a very superficial interaction and that is exactly what your level one questions are designed to do can you guys see my okay.

I wanna make sure you guys can see everything all right. Level one questions are designed are about the venue or the reason that they're there and they're designed to do one very specific thing they're designed to open the interaction they're designed in a very safe non-invasive non-creepy way to get a person out of their head and into the world looking at you. So let me show you this on the on the whiteboard screen really quickly at any given moment people can be in one of four brainwave or brain states they can be internally focused they can be externally focused. So they can be in their own head or they can be outside observing the world they can be associated or they can be dissociated now best way to understand associated versus dissociated is if you've ever played a video game anybody ever play a video game or at least know what it is what a video game is yes.

Or yes. Okay. So you know that when you play a video game you have perspectives or points of view right. You have.

First person. Second person. So if you're playing a. First person shooter like if you're running through a war game like you're seeing you're seeing down the gun barrel as if you're looking at it through your own eyes.

Right. Well neurologically the more associated you are into something the more intensely you feel it the more and the more you identify and embody as it the more dissociated you are the more emotional distance you have the less you feel the less things can interact with you most human beings at any given moment are moving through the world in a state of internal dissociation in other words they're in their heads they're making pictures laundry lists they're doing everything. But being present externally in the moment with you right. The goal of level one questions again write this down the goal of level one questions is to shift that person's mental state from internal to external from dissociated to associated.

So literally makes them completely present and oriented on you and it does it in a very casual conversational non-creepy non hey i'm hitting on you kind of way and the way you do that is you simply say pardon me i'm curious about something uh are you all right. What do you think of the band or if you're at a wedding reception what do you think of those centerpieces right. These are very simple very innocuous oh by the way hey can you i mean just let me ask you some opinion on something real quick do you think the brown is better or the black right. Are you here with your friends or did you come by yourself what brought you out tonight these are all very very simple very very basic superficial questions that people will have no.

Usually have very little uh reticence to answer because they're not threatening they're not they're not asking for any really personal deep or private information. But what it does is it gives you an excuse to interact it gives you the a bridge that allows you to begin to go through the conversational template and prime them for deeper level responses okay. There's some stuff going on in the youtube chat i'm not sure what that's about. But are you guys with me.

So far. So level one question location occasion open-ended questions okay. Now let's look. At something that's very very important um in terms of how we deploy this.

So the moment we're going to talk i want to talk for a moment about softeners softeners are conversational lubricators here's what i mean by that if i walk up to somebody and i say hey i was wondering what do you what do you find most fascinating about what you do okay. They may or may not answer me right. But if i go up to somebody and i say hey i'm curious about something you might hope i'm bothering you i'm curious about something how did you decide to become xyz or i was wondering what do you find most fascinating about what you do right. Do you notice how when you you put the i'm wondering or let me ask you this or the just.

So i understand you better qualifier in front of the question it makes it soft and conversational this is something that we always want to be doing this is also one of the reasons why a lot of highly trained people in neuro linguistics fail because one of the reasons that they fail is because nlp is extremely powerful and what do i mean by that when you deploy a lot of the conversational techniques in nlp on other people um they they have a dramatic effect on them and even though the person doesn't know what you did they know you did something and. So it makes them very reactive when you apply softeners which are like pre-frames they're kind of like here's why i'm about to ask you or tell you what i'm about to ask you or tell you it's kind of what the phenomenon of this softener is. So these are some examples i would write these down let me ask you this. So i'm curious i was wondering just.

So i understand you better okay. If you lead every question with one of these statements or a statement like it the conversation there will be a lot less resistance to the question right. If you p if you see people starting to get defensive many times it's because you've asked a question that's very direct without softening you always need to be softening what you do does that make sense one of the reasons that my stuff comes across very fluid very organic is i spend a huge amount of time softening what i do um does that make sense cool all right. So when in doubt soften you're never going to go wrong softening in fact you can actually compound soften and and make things even more powerful okay.

Hold on a. Second i'm trying to figure out i'm starting to move all my screens around. So i'm getting lost half the time all right. Um going back to this how to compound soften jeff is asking how do a compound soften it's very simple jeff if i were going to ask somebody a question like a level one question i might go up to them and pull a columbo.

So and i was wondering something let me ask you this i was wondering what do you find most fascinating about what you do right. Or. So i'm curious just. So i understand you better what's important to you about this job for you the softeners again let me ask you this.

So i'm curious i was wondering just. So i understand you better these are these are just examples you can make up a laundry list of these things okay. This is one of the the real secrets behind making good nlp work uh someone who's really really good at softening can deliver some of the most powerful uh and even invasive types of techniques and be very conversational very fluid and very organic sounding okay. So the way that you maximize this is you make a list of them i would start with no.

More than seven i would probably try to keep them around make your list around three to five because if it's at right. Around three to five you'll probably be able to remember them all by rote okay. Here's one of the problems that you're going to run into and this is a state control problem remember everything that you're deploying here with three magic questions falls within the universal persuasion protocol know your outcome control your state get rapport use your language manage their state jump into their process emotionally bonded their criterion values one of the. First things that happens when people lose control of their state when they get stressed out one of the very.

First things that happens linguistically is they stop softening they lose the softeners okay. So you can almost always tell who's being socially stressed by the lack of softeners in their language. So jeff is asking would you start by asking one. Then listen and interact.

So you don't get busted yeah you could yeah absolutely remember three magic question is not an interrogation it's a it's a conversation right. But if it's deployed properly it's a conversation where 75 to 80 of the talking is being done by your subject by the target of your influence and the more they talk the more connected and attracted to you they become okay. But it doesn't mean it's a one-way street there has to be a conversation flowing which means you do have to respond you do have to talk and say things other other than their very own words. But 80 of what you say should be as much as close to their own words as possible i've never given out the ratios before.

But this is important echo technique is your primary delivery mechanism eighty percent of the things you say should be something that's coming out that's come out of their mouth or is very close to what has come out of their mouth. But 25 to 30 to 30 percent of that conversation should be your stuff too. But it should be delivered in their words when possible does that make sense i'll see if i can do a quick like mono. Demo uh once we get the whole the whole idea down um or maybe what we'll do is oh i can't do that i would say um if you were all on zoom i would just break you out into groups and let you practice this.

But that ain't gonna happen. So okay. Um. But are you guys with me.

So far okay. Perfect all right. So let's look. At level two questions or level one okay.

So again here your softeners right. So when i say soften now you understand what i mean right. Okay. So let's look.

At this this is called the master echo technique formula this is literally what you do through the entire 3mq process you ask a question you echo what they said you validate it what is what do we mean when i say validate if we want to signal validation let me just put this over here real quick signaling validation or validating something equals signaling acceptance or approval okay. So in other words when we validate somebody in some verbal or nonverbal way usually verbal. But you can do it non-verbally we signal that what they said a that we heard it and b that we agree or accept as true what they've said we acknowledged we don't just acknowledge them that's part of it we acknowledge that we've heard them. But we do it in such a way that they feel like we've approved of what they said like we're in harmony with it does that make sense if you if okay.

So someone might say i might at level two questions i might say someone i might ask a question. So i'm curious what do you uh what do you do for a living um the person says oh i'm an accountant he said oh man you're an accountant that's amazing you know i've known a lot of people. But i've never actually talked to someone in accounting and i got to be honest um in school i was really bad at math. So the idea of becoming an accountant never really occurred to me.

So i always wondered how does someone actually like decide to become an accountant was it was it something that you woke up one day say hey i want to play with numbers all day or you know was it someone in your family that inspired you. So i'm curious how did you decide to become an accountant right. Now if you pay attention to the beginning of what i said i asked a question the person answered i'm an accountant oh you're an accountant i echoed the accountant back to them i said oh my god that's. So cool i signal that i've heard them that what they've said is is okay.

In my world i echo that word again and. Then i ask my. Next question right. Do you see the sequence and i pay attention to their responses are you getting the master sequence down do you understand where i'm coming from okay.

By the way uh some of you saw the uh the killer influence dot com forward slash go out there that's uh somebody reminding me that i need to tell you that um we're gonna be ending the webinar really soon and the all the bonuses are going to go away. So just as a reminder really quick you know for those of you who are still on the fence about this [Music] for those of you who want to get involved today you're going to get the secrets of human influence home study course it's a 17 video course that teaches you the seven stages universal persuasion protocol and uh 2079 value it's going to give you the killer influence master text the nlp power online mentoring program with 210 active members it's priceless uh we're gonna give you that weapons of mass instruction neuroscientific storytelling secrets valued at one thousand nine hundred and fifty dollars absolutely free we're going to give you the renegade reframing objection obliteration and speed conversational hypnosis uh training and belief change one thousand nine hundred fifty dollars absolutely free uh. Finally we're gonna give you the charisma on command 1950 value absolutely free you're also going to get those fast action bonuses stealth instant conversation hypnosis crash course 997 value you're gonna get the nlp power mastermind mentoring group is a 594 value you're gonna get that free vip super ticket gives you free access to any single live event one thousand nine hundred fifty dollar value total combined value is eleven thousand eight hundred and eighty eight dollars you can grab it today for one low installment of just 997 or if you need a little bit of extra help you can break it down into three easy payments of just 3.97 and all you got to do to grab that is uh go ahead and click that link in the chat it's www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go that's www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go i'm not sure if we even have any of those 15 uh those uh slots left for the vip ticket. But i just wanted to uh make sure that nobody lost out if you're still on the fence remember that's all hundred percent money back guarantee try it for a full 90 days if you're not satisfied right.

Um we'll give it to you. So there's a couple of slots left i'm told. So um that that doesn't bode well for those of you on the fence. So again.

So this is the sequence that i want you to really practice in if if there were a formula for using the echo technique that i want you to follow is you ask your question you echo what they say you validate it and. Then you ask your. Next question okay. Here it is.

So please take a screenshot of this if you if you if you memorize this sequence. Then everything you do when you deploy the echo technique will come out well okay. Um now let's go back to level two questions and this is where the rubber kind of hits the road in terms of the three magic questions remember that the single the only reason to do level one is to get to level two the purpose behind level one questions is to get people out of their head once again um just to is to move people from internal dissociated to external associated right. Once we have that now we've effectively gone to level two questions level two questions are always about career pleasures or passions you can also put play in there if you want to think about it you're going to ask an open-ended question that has something to do with their career something to do with something they're passionate about or something they do for pleasure now why is this important because in most countries in most societies you are what you do now here's let me explain this to you you have levels of beliefs right.

Remember we talked about the criterion values the emotional bonding checklist you guys remember when i talked to you about that yes. Or yes. Type it in okay. The reason that the emotional bonding checklist works is because it taps into the emotional foundations of a person's identity in other words for every context you're in the human being has a checklist for what constitutes the way it's supposed to be that that level of information is held at a very deep level of the human psyche when you start asking questions about a person's job what they do for a living you are asking questions about the building blocks of their sense of personal identity they can't talk about these things without going deeper into rapport feeling immense pleasure and they want to spout they want they're talking about their favorite topic.

So everything that comes out of their mouth is is activating a very very deep level of their identity and it's being and because it's in a pleasurable context and they're looking at you all those things are coming out all of those things automatically get linked to you the same thing happens when you do the emotional bonding checklist just the act of asking a person what's important about what's important about what's that going to do for you what's important about that causes them to to link all of those feelings to you now you can add amplifiers to it you can do gestures you can you can use certain linguistic techniques to magnify that bond. But you don't need to just the fact that you're within eye shot line of sight of this person or in this within the sound of their voice is going to cause them to link these positive feelings to you when you start giving them their very own words back to them you start magnifying multiplying and amplifying that sense of connection okay. It's just gonna happen and they're gonna keep talking they're gonna talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and what they won't realize this is what this is the important piece what they're never gonna realize in most cases is that they're giving you more and more information about the kind of person they really are below the surface. So if you know what to listen for not only will you be stimulating this person and attract and attracting them causing them to like and love and trust you more and more and more you'll also be getting information that tells you and allows you to begin to create a profile of the person's worldview what their belief system is and you'll be able to compare who they are inside to who you are inside and determine if there's a match that's the biggest piece that's the most important part of three magic questions the rubber hits the road at level two because if they match your the only time you go to level three in your questions is if they've passed all your tests do you understand if they don't pass your tests if it's not an 80 to 100 percent match 80 is minimum.

But i would i wouldn't i wouldn't go to level three unless they were in the high 90s okay. Then you go to level three now the question is asked why because level three is where you take the bonding you've created at level two and you install it at the deepest most fundamental foundational level of their psyche okay. And i'll explain how that's done in a moment when you create that level of bond with another human being you're not going to get rid of them do you understand that if you create this level of connection with another human being and they have any character quirks any kind of traits that kind of sets you off have any kind of neuroses or psychosis or whatever you now have a stalker on your hands okay. So you never and people and people have tested this and wound up regretting it okay.

I i can't tell you how to use this i can only suggest for most relationships it is never necessary to go beyond level two. But if you are certain at a deep level that you want this person to be a permanent intimate part of your life forever or as close to forever as you're willing to get now you transition to level three okay. So the genesis is asking will this start to counteract gossip you're going to have to elaborate on that brenna was asking why is that why is what specifically okay. So this is why they are emailing me at 3 a.m and upset when i don't answer yes.

Because you didn't vet them properly and you hit them with the mother lode you went nuclear on them right. Now level three is used for more for coaching and it can be i've used it. But it was actually designed for attraction turns out it is a funny story um i taught three magic questions almost exclusively in the context of attracting people for close to a decade i think it was and. Then one day back i think it's 2014 i was teaching a killer influence class and uh in the back of the room we had a bunch of guys with suits and ties on and they were taking like tons and tons of notes on the three magic questions turns out they were all personal injury attorneys and they were here to learn how to use this stuff to win more cases and.

So about two or three weeks after the training i start getting these emails about how they've been using three magic questions on jury panels on hostile judges on um while they're deposing expert witnesses and things of that nature and they're getting these huge huge uh bonds with these people who are literally waiving their attorney-client privilege to answer my my client my students questions right. And i'm like what and i started asking i started talking to somebody said what are you doing how are you doing this and they're literally taking the verbatim three magic questions protocol this is it back. Then they've modified it a lot since. Then.

But that's where they started and they just used it with every single member of the jury panel and every single member of the jury panel fell in love with them and because they've because they were they really liked the lawyer by proxy they liked the client because the lawyer was the representative of the client. So these guys would wind up winning the case before the case even went to court because the jury was in love with them right. But i never in a million years thought that of using it outside of romance right. Now we use it for everything now we use it for everything okay.

But we didn't know we could do that. But like. So many things that came from the seduction community you can take that transplant it to a more uh a less controversial application and get huge huge uh changes in the relationships that you're creating. So for most people who they are is equivalent to what they do right.

Um. But sometimes you're going to talk to somebody whose life ambition may not be to serve you coffee or wait on your table right. And in that case it's not always the best idea to talk about career it may be better to talk about something that they're passionate about or something they do for pleasure because again the minute you start asking about what they're passionate about they start feeling passion who are they looking at when those passions come up they're looking at you who gets linked to those passions right. You do it just happens that way right.

Pleasure they're talking about the things that give them pleasure that they can't wait to go out and do when they start reliving those events inside their mind who are they looking at guess who that gets linked to right. So it's the same process different topic okay. You guys with me. So far is this useful.

So this is layer level one of the three magic i mean not level one. But um this is like the. First degree of mastery of three magic questions there's there's deeper levels. But for most of you especially the newer people if you can't get the basic skeleton of what we're doing you won't get the nuances and the skeleton of what we're doing is good enough for you to go out and start playing okay.

Okay. Um. So we talked about level one location occasion we talked about level two career pleasure passion we talked about the master echo algorithm which is you ask your question you echo you validate you echo you ask again you pay attention to the responses guess what you do. Then you echo you validate you echo you acknowledge you ask again wash rinse repeat you just cycle through it right.

Questions on what we've covered. So far when do we go when do we go to level two questions type in the chat when do we go to level two questions and they've passed all the tests for level one okay. When do we go to level three questions when they pass your tests remember this is important i can't stress this enough ladies especially ladies this is designed to protect you from investing six to eight weeks in a relationship that's destined to go nowhere to have you avoid six weeks of crash dieting buying new wardrobes hair dressers all that to somebody for a relationship that's not going to go anywhere okay. Break away from this pattern at your own peril break away from this pattern at your own peril because one of the things that you're going to want to do is you're going to want to give someone a chance some this is going to happen okay.

Guaranteed dollars to donuts this is going to happen especially for the ladies you're going to get a. First date interaction with somebody and you're going to see in them potential and you're going to say well it's not a hundred percent match to what i want. But they have potential. So i'll give them a shot no.

Your job is not to date people with potential your job is to sort for the people who are actualizing their potential do you understand that that's why you have to keep testing if they're not passing your tests they don't deserve to go any further and guys same thing guys if she's really hot you have a tendency to give her a pass on the crazy okay. Don't do that okay. Because crazy and attractive tend to go hand in hand right. If you start to see all these red flags coming up and i'll give you some examples in a minute.

But i want to make sure you have the basic structure down. First if the red flag starts showing up at level two hell no. On level three okay. Three john mcawein three is kind of like forever yeah in many cases right.

Um oftentimes they do right. Make people make jokes about it. But again um here's the ugly truth about attraction we teach this in killer influence when you get your package this is one of the. First things we're going to teach you under the four uh the four pillars attractive people get more stuff they get they get passes on just about everything.

So one of the. First things you as an influencer have to do you have to learn how to maximize attraction. But attraction comes in two basic categories there's physical attraction and. Then there's emotional attraction you can modify both and you have to create that attractive persona based on the environment that you're going to be working and we will teach you how to do that in kilometers you have to worry about it here.

But three magic questions is going to be an important piece of your persuasion protocol i'm not saying don't fall for other people's attractiveness i'm saying put it in perspective okay. Remember that people will often do the unexpected right. You know the definition of insanity is doing the same thing over and over and over again expecting a different result most of us have at some point in our lives been dating the same person over and over and over again with a different face there's a template that we have and many times they look. Different.

But they act the same three magic questions gives us the ability to do two things very very succinctly very very effectively and efficiently it allows us to stimulate attraction and get to know a person very very very very well often better than their best friends know them while stimulating attraction and getting with the added benefit that we now have a checklist that lets us know if this is somebody we want to be part of our lives or we need to like eject them as soon as humanly possible to do. So it's also a way to be very very it's also a way to build very very profound very very long-lasting relationships cross-contextually. So um let's talk let's let's go let's go on the assumption now that you've you've uh you've made your approach which will teach you attraction mastery in february for those who are coming to attraction master one of the. First things we're going to teach the men is how to approach one thing the.

First things we're going to teach the women is how to teach approachability or how to signal approachability okay. So you've approached you've easily transitioned from level one to level two you're still effectively at this the non-threatening small talk phase and you start asking them questions they're giving you answers that are in harmony with what you're looking for in a partner you're getting the all clear signal and you decide you want to transition to level three here's how you transition to level three and what level three is about level three is all about having this the subject the target of your influence access early positive childhood experiences early positive childhood experiences now why the most powerful memories that every human being has are the memories that were before that were formed. First between zero which is conception and five years old the. Next most powerful set of memories are the memories that took.

Place from six to about 10 or 11 years old. Third set from 11 to about 15. you're starting to see what i'm saying here now when i say powerful what i mean by that is the templates of our personality the building blocks of our values and all the things that we love are created in us from zero to about 15 years old with the majority of it happening zero to five okay. When you access somebody's earliest positive childhood events you are having them literally go back through time to those moments opening up the file that has the movie of those positive memories and having them relive those movies while they're looking at you you guys follow me. So far type in yes.

If you understand what i'm what i've thought i've said. So far okay. Now when we were at level two and we had people talking about the career and their passion or when we're talking about criterion values what did we say happened when the person started talking about their criteria and values what happened to it who did it get linked to that's right. Now what do you think happens when you start having people relive their earliest positive childhood experiences while they're looking at you just take a guess that's right.

All of those wonderful feelings get linked to you with an extra bonus in hypnotherapy trauma therapy we have this com this phenomena known as regression right. How many of you have ever met somebody and even though you only knew this person for a few minutes or an hour or a couple hours or whatever it felt like you knew this person your entire life like you've always been friends you ever had that experience right. You open up those memory containers and have them access those memories while they're talking to you you not only link those feelings to you you link the sensation of time known to you in other words if you're having if they're 25 years old you're having them access some memory that happened when they were five they now feel as though they've known you since they were five is that powerful would that be useful to be able to generate that feeling in somebody genesis genesis asks can you break that bond not easily not easily it can be broken. But not easily that's why you got to be really really careful who you choose to take to level three and they feel you and paul says they also feel that you completely understand them at that deep assault yes.

100 percent right. That's that's three magic questions guys naji benton says i didn't believe it until i tried it poof there it is it works too good right. Right. Now that's the that's the skeletal version that's that's without all the other bells and whistles that we teach you in killer influence or cpi or rapid attraction secrets.

But it's good enough it's good enough angelica asks what it happens if memories between 0 and 5 were not positive great question and this once again goes back to sorting if you're asking somebody about their earliest positive childhood memories and the. First thing out of their mouth is talking about how they were abused as children how their father left them when they were when she was six um how uncle ted took. Him out back behind the barn to show him a special kind of wrastlin right. You asked them about early positive childhood experiences they started vomiting their traumas and baggage all over you what's the appropriate response what's the appropriate response check please yes.

Yeah because a they didn't follow your instructions did they and they already feel connected enough to you to want to make you their therapist that is not in most contexts why you're there is it you'd kate's asking wouldn't that traumatize someone pretty badly to leave at that moment yes. If you were an about it right. So you don't do that you finish the interaction after having made your decision about where you're going to place them and. Then you keep them at whatever level of interaction or intimacy you think is appropriate right.

You don't just get up and walk out although you could do that that would be a real thing to do. But you you you disentangle yourself from the interaction this is important now teach an attraction match you're going to teach this to the ladies on approaching skills you do it in a way that preserves the person's self-esteem that makes them let them feel okay. You don't need to be an to to keep yourself from being pulled into a relationship that is going to slot you into a caregiver's role if that's not what you're signing up for hand them an email thank you for your time right. There's lots of ways that you can extricate yourself from the interaction either from that moment or at the end of the night right.

There's lots of ways to ghost people nicely right. Or to say hey had a great time with you it's just you know i just don't feel like we're going in the same direction um it was wonderful to get to meet you i hope i hope you have a great life um maybe i'll talk to you again sometime right. So the idea here once again is you have to learn how to disentangle yourself from the interaction or just engage yourself in the interaction while preserving their self-esteem it's a big deal and it's mostly a problem for women because their socialization most women their socialization is such is that there's a big gap between the subtleties that are obvious to the female these mid-level disengagement uh techniques and. Then the mode and.

So in attraction mastery in february we'll be covering those techniques for ladies as well men and women both have problems in when it comes to approaching one another. But they're different problems and again we'll talk about that cool thomas says this is great presentation they have heard this stuff 10 times or more. But each time david does this the new gems of knowledge come out as he stresses different sections yes. Um and this is and one of the reasons is because the vibration of the audience that i get is different and the aptitudes are different the questions are different and.

So the way i teach changes to fit the people and i'll always be that way it's even more. So when you come to our live events okay. And you can't hear this enough to be quite honest i've been teaching this easily for 10 years if not more and it's still relevant and it's still the most powerful approaching approaching tools and conversational uh managing tools out there and that's why i keep teaching it because a human beings don't change the technology we use changes. But are the way we process thought the way we communicate the patterns that govern our behavior our emotions our feelings they don't change in fact ladies and gentlemen if i can be.

So bold with the current technology level and the way we're using technology today these techniques are even more powerful than when i. First learned and developed them because of how we use our technology and the illusion of intimacy and safety that they create these techniques are actually far more powerful on the younger generations than they've ever been okay. So please please please use these techniques ethically and what i mean ethically what i mean is in harmony with your own sense of personal boundaries and ethics is very very easy uh to deploy them it's fun to use them and and you can get people to do a lot of stuff. But make sure you're doing it in a way that both of you come out feeling good about the process and that they've won and you can have everything you like life that you want just by helping other people get what they want and when you're.

Finally ready to take the plunge and get the whole system i mean i've given you i mean like i said i showed you two or three nuclear powered pieces and you can see what you can do with it. But don't take my word for it take the techniques out into the world use them with human beings and watch the changes that you get okay. Naji says it's true i've used them on my peers i'm 26. very good okay. So just again just to reiterate we're coming we're coming towards the end of today.

So once again for those of you been on the fence. Last i looked we had a couple of those vip tickets left. But they're going quick we're offering you the secrets of human influence home study course it comes with the 17 video seven stage universal persuasion protocol and i'll tell you what what i'll do just to get those. Last slots filled if anybody wants the 27 video killer influence uk version um i will happily let stephanie know and we will happily substitute out the killer influence uk which has 27 videos as opposed to the 17 videos and it's worth more than two thousand seven hundred and seventy nine dollars you'll also get the killer influence master text uh the nlp power online community which is priceless you'll get the weapons of mass instruction neuroscientific storytelling secrets valued at one thousand nine hundred and fifty dollars we're gonna give that to you absolutely free you'll get the renegade uh reframing objection mastery course um 1950 value also absolutely free you'll get charisma on command one thousand nine hundred fifty dollar value absolutely free go ahead and ask your question alireza uh you'll get the stealth fast action bonuses those of you want to take action today before the end of the webinar uh stealth instant conversation hypnosis crash course fight at 997 dollars you'll get the nlp power mastermind mentoring group and the archive right.

At 594 and you'll also get that free vip ticket to a live event of your choice uh provided you qualify for it valued at 1 950 could be valued at more depending on which program you choose to come to total value for all of this today and by the way that vip ticket goes away when i when i close the webinar when the webinar goes away um the vip ticket does too. So the you may be able to get the other bonuses um both if you if you grab the course before 11 59 pm tonight. But that vip ticket is off the table effective immediately when i log off and uh total value if you're getting able to buy this on the website today which a lot of these things you can't actually find on the website right. Now total value eleven thousand eight hundred and eighty eight dollars your per yours for today for one low installment oops that was not what i wanted to do yours for one low installment of just uh 997 or if you want you can break that up into three easy installments of 3.97 and all you need to do to claim your package with that free live vip ticket is go to www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go that's www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go or you can just click the link in the chat and reach out to stephanie if you have any questions all right.

Um. So before we sign off you guys have any other questions that i can answer for you today oh big question hold on a. Second uh kate asks are there specific things included in the u.s version not included in the uk version actually the inverse is true there are things included in the uk version that are not included in the us version okay. Um sheila says thank you very much this was very informative sue mckeller says you said you used the patterns to let go of what no.

Longer worked in your life how do we do that for ourselves created audio mp3s visualizations yes. That is one way that you can do it way that you can do it um thank you. So much it was great merry christmas to you and yours thank you david for another awesome webinar thank you paul awesome to see you how about any of us in our youtube channel okay. Zuma says wow shannon are you coming to south africa is that you talking to me all right.

Well listen i hope everybody's had a good time remember 2020 is coming to an end with the start of 2020 tomorrow comes the opportunity to recreate yourself to make more make yourself your best version these are the tools to do it if you have any questions about any of the materials you can reach out to me or reach out to stephanie we will answer your questions we will coach you as best we can in person over the phone we will guide you we will point you in the direction we will support you in every single way that you need to be supported this is the time to invest in yourself okay. I'm good at what i do. But i can't multiply zeros if you don't show up i can't help you. But if you show up we can make magic together okay.

I love you all i hope you all have a very very very happy joyous safe and healthy uh holiday and new years i hope to see you all at a live event or at one of our hybrid events if you have any questions um reach out to stephanie at 858-282-4663 that's eight two eight two four six six three if the line is busy leave a message all right. Leave a message and uh we will get back to you okay. I can't multiply zeros that's right. But if you show up that's at least one and i can make something happen with that all right.

Webinar was flawless thank you agnes that's wonderful i hope you all had a good time i love you all i can't wait to see all of you um on the other side good night god bless click that link.
