Title: YwNZ-slmP3Y.txt
Video Id: YwNZ-slmP3Y
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YwNZ-slmP3Y

All righty how we doing you having fun we're learning cool stuff who are we missing are there still out there elevator someone might want to send the elevator down because sometimes it can't get back up after a certain time well actually it'll get one all right. Did we get our oars combed did it feel good yes. In order to create that the the the the energy you have to be the energy. First right.

You have to feel the energy yourself. I need a little bit more information how can. I transfer the energy into her it already does once you've created a connection this is where basic physics comes into play stand here what most people try to do and it's not wrong it's just. I mean.

I'm lazy just the way. I deal with things. So they think of energy like water that's the metaphor most commonly associated with water and. So just like we're going to take water in a hose we're going to go.

I'm gonna fire hose her right. It doesn't really work that way it can. But you're going to spend a lot of energy to do that one of the ways that that we can begin to access the system and this is something. I want you guys to cultivate is something we call resonance or synchronization the human heart radiates an electromagnetic field that is measurable by instruments eight feet in diameter from the human body okay.

If you want to check the science on it go to heartmath.org okay. They've taken measurements of a dog and his boy out playing in the yard and when the. Rapport is there within 15 minutes their heart beats synchronize okay. It's a dog and a boy not hypnosis as we understand it it's actually very very old form of hypnosis not the modern form that we've been brainwashed into thinking as real hypnosis okay.

They call it coherence it is an expression of the law of physics known as resonance things that have our molecular-based objects seek synchronicity they sink. Harmony with other rhythmic sources that makes sense just the fact that jury is a human being with a pulse means that her body has motion to it just the fact that. I'm a human being with a pulse means there's motion if we approximate the same physiology and just wait the systems will start to synchronize you see it you see it it says reliable as the law of physics that which is above mirrors that she's trying to fight it now look. Okay.

You can all do this because it's going to happen no. Matter what the way you slow it down is to try to make it happen which is what we're taught in hypnosis school by the way assume their physiology match and mirror them and wait for them to follow you the interesting thing is because we're working on a somatic level on a material. Level she started this way again and got herself okay. When the body starts to change the limbic system starts to change the neocortex starts to change and her perceptual filters change her reality changes from the body out all.

I need to do to generate a. Feeling in jury is generated in me and she will follow weird. But you're generating the feeling not what you want her to feel if remember once we have coherence anything. I generate in my body her body will duplicate okay.

Regenerate in your body not what no. The fastest way for me to drain my batteries is to try and send something into jury which is what we most people are taught energetically. I've said this in in trainings on different things. I will say it here rapport is the secret to unlocking the universe what most people are taught of as ways to get.

Rapport and what. Rapport really is are many times just plain inaccurate okay. Does that mean. I can't if.

I if. I once. I have synchronization if. I start to build energy her.

Energy starts to go up lots of ways to work with the system right. But this is where we want to start if. I can get this level of resonance with another person's body now whatever. I visualize whatever.

I feel and becomes real in my world becomes real in hers her mirror neurons her proprioception every form of pre-conscious information processing is in sync with me before. I open my mouth that's why she reach out and grab one of those pictures that you don't like let's. Reach. Out.

And. Touch. It that's why. I can do this what happened what pick another one try to get it back what happened how the hell does that work.

I didn't swing a watch at her go sleep. I never have to when the synchromes when the systems synchronize and you have the right. State her universe and my universe are the same universe we share one reality and as long as. I treat it that way.

I can change her now. I would never do that for something she didn't want that's why. I had to pick things she didn't like you have something you like return touch it trace the edges of it take both your hands trace the edges of it okay. So what's happening okay.

Put your hands down now her eyes. Are closed what just happened do you have it yeah is it stronger or weaker it's strong did. I tell her to feel that not consciously right. This takes patience to develop.

But once you can do it you have the building blocks of something really powerful because until you cleaned up your you got no. Business logging through anybody else's that's what's cleaning. I appreciate it means clean up your emotions get your identity solid get your you know those little those little uh eccentricities and little peccadillos that are just basic little character quirks that once you add more energy to the system become gaping character flaws and psychosis get those cleaned up. First before you start adding juice to the system you notice.

I didn't teach you any energy building. Technologies tonight. I got tons of them. I got a gazillion ways to tap into all different kinds of energies all different frequencies element elements electromagnetic fields elect you know different all different kinds far far more than than the average energetics course is going to teach you here's why.

I didn't show them to you. I spent many years thinking oh just get more energy have more energy have more energy have more energy well guess what if you have a little insecurity at the unconscious level and you add more energy to it what do you think is going to happen this is why these pure holier than you know evangelists guys who are you know as as straight as as an arrow 20 years. Later after being surrounded by all these people throwing energy at them adoring them worshiping them you find them in the back of an alley with two ounces of. Coke and a ten dollar because the energy the system couldn't handle the wattage going through their system when energy hits your system it amplifies whatever's there it's that old joke by.

Bill. Cosby. Bill cos was talking about a guy who you know says well alcohol just makes you more of what you already are and bill says well what if you're an [Laughter] the problem is most of us feel inherently powerless or we feel fatigued all the time and think we lack energy many times it's the reverse we feel fatigued because there's too much energy there's a block there's a clog that's why. I taught you clearing exercises because once the system is regulated and you know how to deal with stuff oh you're ready.

I taught you applications. I taught you that you can go out and things you can go out and do right. So. I haven't.

I haven't taken away from you. I've enhanced your ability to do things. I just didn't teach you how to make put more juice in the system why because for the most of you your systems aren't ready for it yet. I know because here all he did for the.

First 10 10 years of his energetic study was build energy and you know what that'll work until it doesn't and. Then you spend the. Next 20 years trying to recover or you wind up in jail or acting on a whim or a an urge that 20 years ago before you started doing those things would have just you know came and went now it's because you feel powerful and. Unstoppable and a little off you know.

So the whole point is is that you can do a lot of things without the need for more energy if you take things one step at a time and just the act of clearing out your stuff opens up a whole new world. I tell people whether you're in my romance classes or my persuasion and influence classes my therapy classes which. I have some classes coming up. I'll tell you about in a little bit most people go through life with the equivalent of a jet engine and an anchor strapped to their back and it's the difference between the drag and the thrust that determines how far they get how fast if all you did was cut the anchor and get rid of the track you take off like a rocket most of you when.

I went around very few of you had ever the. First words out of your mouth. I have something. I want to get rid of.

I have something. I want to get rid of. I have something. I want to get rid of wasn't.

I have something. I want to do. I have something. I want to get rid of.

So that's what we taught you remember there's no. You can have a secret give her a big round of applause there's no. Such thing as a random. Behavior consciously or unconsciously we live in a universe that is.

So fundamentally interconnected that it gives the appearance of being random okay. We've all heard the butterfly effect where butterfly flapping its wings in. Japan causes an earthquake somewhere over here in. LA or whatever right.

I know. I mangled that story. But you get the idea. So start with learning how to cleanse your fields right.

Learning how to sense your. Energies or any kind of energy hygiene is important. I can't. I can't stress it enough okay.

How do you do that we'll start with the the combing that we did salt baths on a regular basis is good if cliche is a sound hugging a tree for 10 or 15 minutes will help it's all bad yeah there's techniques. I teach if you go to my. YouTube channel you'll hear me talking about a technique called the gray room uh it's it's freely available on. YouTube come on you guys great way to clean your stuff out what do you say what do you call it it's called.

The. Gray room mm-hmm. I don't think we'll have time for it today. But uh.

Tracy can we pass out the the. Practical. Magic handouts um how many people had a good time tonight. Ray.

James did you learn a lot okay. Does anybody have before. I hand out what. I'm about to hand out does anybody have something specific that.

I didn't directly address or that you want you would like a little extra help with because. I know some of you getting tired and want to go home emotions uh things recurring thoughts when you find yourself creating the same kinds of results over and over again like you keep beating the same kind of guy yeah well the. First thing you do is there's a technique that. I that.

I in my hidden laws of attraction was called stems and basically it's a list of questions that you ask yourself and you basically repeat the question over and over and over again and answer it differently every time and what will happen it's in my hidden. Laws of. Attraction course and. I think there might be a video on it floating around on.

YouTube. But if you guys want. I will post a. PDF of the stems questionnaire for you guys.

But it helps to have somebody actually guide you through the process. But it would. I don't have one with me. But it would literally be if.

I was working what's your name again if. I were working with. Valerie and she had something going on. I would find the appropriate question that would fit her statement and.

I would repeat the. First half of the question and. I would have her fill in the the. Second half like the answer like if.

I were to actually forgive the people who hurt me. I would and she would answer and. Then. I would have her if.

I were to actually forgive the people who hurt me. I would and. I would have and. I would just drill that over and over and over again and what will happen is you will systematically move through the the rationalizations that she's created.

Then you'll move into the emotions underlying the rationalizations and eventually get to a primal drive. But once you have emotion the emotion that's usually enough to begin some of the processes you saw here where we point to it take it out notice how it's spinning move it slam it back in that's another one way that we could start to deal with it okay. That's a very powerful way right. The secret to it is being absorbed and focused in the process which is where most people screw up how many people here were ever little children okay.

Good. So anybody here you were never a little child damn you foreign. I'll send it out through the email or. I'll give you a link to it yeah.

I'll send it out through the. Meetup board um. I may. I could put it on.

NLP power. But. Then it will be. Public.

Access and. I don't want everybody having access to it um. But it's it's it's it's basically a q a process and what you want to do is if you're going to do this on your own it's going to teach you to become progressively more self-aware. But you want to speak the answers out loud and as you get closer and closer to the actual feeling there's this tendency to want to keep censoring yourself because what starts to come up isn't what you want to say that's when you start to find the fork in the road it's the thing you don't want to say is where the magic is.

So the once you have that once you hit that and you'll see a lot of times they'll stubbly going blah blah blah and you'll see them fighting in inside point where you feel it because the moment they have that hesitation there's a sensation there's a kinesthetic. Sensation that they've just had point to where you feel it close your eyes. Look. Inside notice the color reach in grab all that energy take it out in your hands look.

At it did the color changer stay the same make sure you got all of it because sometimes that hides when they when you know you've got all of it now look. At it and notice it's moving in a certain direction what direction is it moving. First impression remember the unconscious mind always answers. First you find yourself trying to think of something to say or repeating the question over and over again at your conscious mind trying to get involved when in doubt pretend okay.

Get the conscious mind out if the conscious mind had the answer you wouldn't be doing this process you would have fixed it already. Okay. Your conscious mind is the least informed and the. Last to know because he's out for pizza most of the time okay.

Once you know the direction physically grab it like it was real like it was there and it's moving in a certain direction physically grab it and reorient it. So it's moving the opposite of what it was because remember energy has a code it has an organization it has a structure double the speed double the amplitude keep doubling it over and over and over again until it takes on a life of its own until it's impossible for it to go back the way it was and when you know you've got it slam it back in notice the change already because. I just put one in you know all you're doing is you're hosting whatever was going your direction here's the principle. I use with this.

I can get infinitely more precise and infinitely more artistic. But this is the bottom line your nervous system cannot code for a specific effect without automatically creating the code for its opposite in other words if. I have pain and. I look.

At that pain and. I notice that it's blue or red and. I reach and. I grab all that red energy.

I take it out and. I look. At it. First thing.

I want to noted the color changes stay the same stay the same okay. It's moving in a certain direction what direction is it moving this way that means that's how. I do pain that direction what's the opposite of pain. So if.

I have it rotating the opposite of what it does now what do. I get slam it back in notice the change notice it's gone right. It literally is that simple and be prepared for whatever comes up because your body will start to recalibrate it'll start to shed those emotions are what got you stuck in the. First place.

So if you fight them or try to ignore them or pretend they're not there refuse to express them you're basically taking a big steaming lump of poop and throwing it on your brand new life. I'm going to suggest that's not the best way to live right. Let the feelings come up let them come out if you know it's going to be viewed from past experience or whatever lock yourself in a closet and scream into a pillow beat the pillow up whatever you need to do to discharge the emotional component all emotions are energy in motion your body cannot maintain a feeling or a state when the energy is not moving it has to do that it has to be moving in a certain direction part of that is how your nervous system codes the experience the movement the direction the spatial location the color each and every one of those is part of your native coding system for creating that experience change the code change the experience change the experience change your life it's really that simple or is it the application is easy the explanation would be daunting right. But just to see everybody pick something on a shittiness scale of about one or two it means don't pick something that's going to cause a grand mal seizure right.

But pick something that's got an annoyance. Factor something that when you think about it you have a feeling in your body close your eyes. And point to where you feel it good as you close your eyes. And point to where you feel it.

I want you to notice. I want you to look. At it with your inner eyes. I want you to notice that there's a color associated with that feeling what's the color.

First impression you don't need to tell me just make note of it once you know what it is reach in physically with both of your hands grab all of that energy take it out hold it in your hands in front of you make sure you got it all because sometimes that hides as you look. At it hold it in your hands did the color change or stay the same. First impression notice it's spinning moving in a certain direction notice the direction it's moving once you notice what direction it's moving grab it with both of your hands and physically reoriented in space. So it's moving the opposite of what it was it's now the opposite of what it was double the speed double the amplitude double the magnitude double the size double it again keep doubling it double it again and again and again until it takes on a life of its own until it's impossible for it to go back the way it was when you know you've got it slam it back into that spot whoosh notice the change notice it's gone now the only fact the weight limiting factor in this is your willingness to become absorbed and focused.

But even if you don't believe it it still works neurologically it has to that's the beauty of my stuff you don't actually have to believe it you just have to do it change work is far too important to be left up to the. Wimpy belief systems of the client okay. But it's as immutable as the laws of physics that's pretty reliable right. Okay.

So uh do we hand out the papers. Tracy's got some uh some handouts for you we've got some stuff coming up how many people would like to take this further. I'd like to kind of spread the word okay. Got a couple of things coming up.

October um look. At my dates real quick. October we have a a double event coming up. October um 17th 18th and 19th we have my three-day vibrational influence certification boot camp if you liked what you learned tonight you will love vibrational influence because it takes you even.

Beyond this into the world of true hermetic science we'll talk about remote influence we'll talk about psychic development we'll talk about how to actually raise and lower people's blood pressure from across the room and we'll actually have you testing it on machines to prove it to yourself that you can do it uh we're probably one of the few energetic psychic development programs that actually hook. You up to machines take. Baseline readings and. Then have you calibrate blindly that you're affecting somebody's system we'll teach you how to remote.

View based on the original defense department protocols for scientific remote kneeling we'll talk about the laws of hermetics we'll go deeper into the aspects of coherence things like that it's a three-day event and it's tagged on to the beginning of uh one of my favorite programs is called real world hypnosis and this is a core skills training with a with an emphasis on regression to me regression is the the nuclear option when it comes to clearing up the past a lot of neuro-linguistic programmers don't think that regression is necessary they have timeline which is a structural based approach my. I found that a lot of times timeline interventions timeline interventions don't work if there's an emotional component that has not been appropriately addressed when you address the emotion the system becomes more malleable there's many times where you will try to do an. NLP style intervention and it will not work or what happens is you'll actually see the person systematically put the experience back the way it was and that's almost always an indication that at the unconscious level there's a fear that if that situation is resolved the way they want to do it the lesson will be lost you'll forget about it and it will happen again. So many times an.

NLP style intervention won't work because of that one flying the ointment whereas if you can teach the unconscious mind how to take the lesson from the experience and let the rest go and refile it change happens quickly. So in the regression skills class which as a rule you couldn't get to vibrational influence on this you've been through one of my other trainings where we focus on. State control and coherence training it's it's kind of like an it's like a deal breaker if you don't have it you can't get to vibrational influences of 400 level class you've got to be good at trance you got to be good at self-work things like that. I'm bringing it up to you guys because.

I'm putting it on the front end of my real world hypnosis training which covers all of that stuff okay. Normally for this it's 1997.
