Title: Z_Obqzww6IM.txt
Video Id: Z_Obqzww6IM
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z_Obqzww6IM

Uh make sure guys and gals that um for these processes especially that uh your phones are off uh all your pets are out of the room um you remember your safe colors not that you'll need them usually. But you never know something comes up that you didn't expect you just blast it with your safe color and continue with the. Next part of the process um we're going to go through some some basic things before we do the actual process just to make sure that you're primed with the right. Resources that we need um.

But again the idea here is is the the more you can minimize potential distractions the the more you're going to be able to become fully absorbed in this process focus and a let go completely um during each of these things right. So our our our basic standard operating procedure will be explanation uh intervention journaling small group work. General. Q&A wash rinse repeat um through the entire two days okay.

Um we do have uh at some point we will take some time out to go for uh go through the opportunities that we're going to have for you to level up your skills take your training further we'll go over our events calendar things of that nature. So you can find the most linear shortest efficient path to the skill sets uh and the outcomes that you want. So with your permission. I'll take you as far as.

I can in these two days and. I'll point you in the direction of where to go to level up okay. Virginia says she'll turn your video on when you get them. Virginia if you are driving um when we start this process.

I would recommend um that you turn the volume off because the. Last thing. I need is you going into trance while you're driving okay. And for those of you who are maybe not in front of your computer are who listening to these interventions um while in motion please don't right.

If you want to participate in the intervent oh you're standing in line for your s's laptop okay. Uh well again no. Matter how deep and trance you go. Virginia your feet will remain strong beneath you and you'll be able to function just like you're wide awake and fully beta.

Consciousness while at the same time your unconscious mind will easily and naturally follow all of my instructions in exactly the way that's the most fun for you okay. It's just how things work all right. So how many people here remember me talking about something called groundhog day yesterday if you were not here or do not remember the reference or what it means please type me in the chat be brave it's okay. All right.

So. So you remember that in the there's at least one or two. I that's what. I thought okay.

So many many years ago. Bill. Murray a a rather famous actor started a movie called. Groundhog.

Day and it's almost like a kind of a it's not necessarily. A. Christmas. Carol type story.

But it's basically he's this arrogant weatherman who gets sent to patani uh. Pennsylvania to watch patani fil the famous uh groundhog poke his head out and something weird happens while he's in. Punk. Satani where he he keeps reliving the same day over and over and over again and at.

First he just he's in denial and he fights and he and he come he comes up with any way he can to try and get out of it and. Then he starts with it like he'll just find interesting ways to kill himself wake up the. Next day and start it all over again right. At some point it breaks down his ego and he becomes more interested in improving himself and.

So what happens is every day he finds some way to make the ne this day better than the day before because he figures well since. I'm stuck here po quite possibly forever how can. I make the best of it how can. I how can.

I be the best version of myself. So over the course of. God knows how many iterations of the exact same day where he knows what everything that's going to happen as far as the events goes he learns how to play piano. Piano.

He learns how to do ice sculpture he learns he he saves a bunch of people who would have been hurt that day right. Because he knows exactly what's going to happen and when. But he also has enough [Music] freedom in the choices and the and the mindset and everything else and the attitudes that he can actually make the best out of every day and. Then at some point in that am in that in that.

God knows how long series of repetitions through that same timeline he reaches some level of awareness or some version of himself that is the best version of himself up to available at that time and time restores itself and goes begins to action actually happen normally right. It's a really if you haven't rented the movie it's really fun right. And that particular movie inspired a whole bunch of other uh movies with the same concept like you've ever seen the movie with. Tom.

Cruz it's a. Sci-Fi one where aliens attack and every time and he gets in infested with the the blood of these aliens and they have somehow have the ability to manipulate time. So every time he dies he gets reset and he has to live the same same days over again until he and he just learns more he gets better and better at fighting these monsters because every time he's killed it's almost like the video game when you get a new life and you start over again right. It's the same idea uh well it's kind of like the butterfly effect only there's less chaos right.

The point is is that hypnosis had it. First right. Um. In classical hypnosis we have this thing known as regression therapy or timeline therapy where you can go back in time inject change into the and and teach the younger version of yourself new things and.

Then walk them through the future events and because that version of yourself is different it now has different perspectives a different. Consciousness a different uh a different set of choices and resources and because of that it can actually change your past now. First. I thought for many years.

I thought this was simply a hypnotic process it's just just changing your memories and. Then when. I met. Brent.

Bal and. I and. I started studying uh a little bit more in depth uh with. Lynn.

Buchanan's remote influencing training and. Then. Finally how many of you are at identity by. Design and metag.

Bob. Paddock he was the guy who was handing out the books um on pain and stuff he's a highlevel scientist and when he saw this. Pro the the uh temporal editing process he says oh that. I understand that's physics or quantum physics turns out there's evidence to show that when you can go if you can send your.

Consciousness back in time to an earlier version of yourself and inject change in that younger version of yourself it can actually create a quantum shift in the timelines right. And what's interesting and the only one who's really. G to know this is m is. Seth and maybe.

Damen if he's here. I don't see. Damen. But when.

I went to my. NCI three training or four training right. Which is the advanced brainwashing menuri and candidate level stuff one of the. First techniques we were taught is tempor is is their version of memory editing you literally in your control room and you pull up a memory you step into the memory you're moving through the memory and you find some space in the memory and you put a little.

Mark on the uh on the wall somewhere that nobody else would see and. Then when you call up the memory on your interface when you pull up the memory you see if the. Mark is there. So.

Brent. Bal when he um when was developing holographic memory resolution it started he started in the addictions field for those of you are are are not familiar with. Brent uh if you haven't studied his stuff he wrote a book. Called surviving trauma.

School. Earth which is absolutely brilliant um and. I recommend all the books that that he's put out even though. I will admit.

I haven't read all of them yet um. But in one of in in trauma in surviving. I think it's surviving trauma. School.

Earth he tells about when he was. First experimenting with his. Pro process on holographic memory resolution how he was working with a a heroin addict. I think it was a heroin addict and he had the person go back to before they took.

That very. First puff of a marijuana cigarette and warned them about what's going to happen if they continue on this path and when. Brent brought the guy out of the process he looked at. Brent and he said you know.

I remember when that happened and. Brent looked at him and was like excuse me yeah. I remember that that. First time.

I was. I was down there. I was about to take his uh. I was.

I was smoking the joint and this guy that looked just like me came out of nowhere and said hey don't do that it's going to ruin your life. I remember when that happened. But. I thought it was just a bad trip.

So. I ignored it right. So when we do these processes and we talk about. Groundhog.

Day. Groundhog. Day groundhogging it and stuff like that. I want you to know what.

I'm referring to does that make sense now most of us all. Al have this concept of we all most of us regardless of what religious background or spiritual tradition you follow most of us accept the possibility that you're more than a physical body that there's something that exists prior to taking on the body that takes on the body lives this life and. Then it exits the body and goes back to its source would that be true for most of us yes. Okay.

So let's let's call all the moment where we go from. Spirit to physical body as transition point a and that moment when we go from physical body to. Spirit transition point. B.

So the beginning of this. Incarnation the termination of this. Incarnation yes. So when.

I say termin of uh transition point a transition point. B you know what. I'm talking about yes. Okay.

So groundhogging day is what cycling through it making better making each path better than the day before right. Coming in through point a moving through the timeline out through point. B and. Then coming and because these two places are outside of time they're actually the same point.

So rather than thinking of it as a line right. I want you to think of it as a circle. So this is point a this is point. B make sense okay.

So when. I say cycle through that timeline from. A to. B you know exactly what that means don't you from.

A to. B and. B to a and anybody not clear on what. I'm talking about or what.

I'm describing yes. Kelly what what part is not clear need to unmute sweetie yeah okay. Okay. Um.

I'm just kind of lost okay. So the what. I just described here. So do you understand the ter when.

I mean when. I say. Groundhog. Day yes.

Okay. Do you understand what. I mean when you say you have a timeline right. Yes.

The beginning of the timeline is where you take on the body the end of the timeline is where you drop the body and you move back to a purely spiritual realm yes. That's what. I don't kind of understand okay. So.

So you understand when you when you become incarnated you become understand when you when you leave the body right. You understand that part yes. Okay. You could say death.

But that's a little harsh and some people recoil from that. But transitioning or transforming from one level to the other. So in this linear dimension of time right. This is where time exists between point a and point.

B okay. So the only place you're bound by time and space is here the moment you passed from. Spirit you go into l time the minute you pass out of the linear time through point. B you're back in timelessness yes.

So literally. A and. B are the same. So instead of thinking about it like instead of thinking about it like a line think about it like a circle with a is here.

B is here and you're cycling this way yes. That make sense it does okay. And this is you know when. I when.

I teach this at. IBD um it's it's hard it's we actually make people walk this process it's really hard to do because we do we teach it in a linear format. But because we're doing this in a virtual format. I have to transition a lot of the physical things to a purely set of mental imagery.

So. I need to make sure that you're primed with the right. Resources. So understanding what.

Groundhog. Day means understanding. A. A to.

B and. B to a right. That's an important piece because what would happen is it would still work the difference is when. I got to that point where.

I started talking about. B to. A and. A to.

B you're going to confusion which would deepen your trance right. Which is it would still work. But. I'd rather have.

I'd rather you have a conscious understanding of what we're doing. So you can trust the process that makes any kind of sense and of course. Damon's coming in late. So he's just going to have to deal uh all right.

Are you guys ready to play you're going to like this process um this is easily one of the most gamechanging all the all the changes transport processes are powerful this one can have significant. Quantum effects okay. Now. I'm not saying you will have significant.

Quantum effects. I'm saying it can have significant. Quant effects okay. So.

I want you to go ahead close your eyes. Take a deep breath in let that breath out with a sigh oh wait before we go one more thing. I want you to take out a piece of paper really quick. I don't normally do this.

But. I just got to download to do this. So we're going to do this. I want you to write down the three happiest moments of your life starting with the youngest now here's the thing this is and.

I'm gonna just your unconscious mind is going to answer you. First and. Then your conscious mind is going to say no. That's not right.

There were happier moments than that remember your six rules if your unconscious mind chose that event there's a reason when you got that you just raise your raise your hand to let me know excellent good thank you. Willow good beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful and the reason. I said come up with three because if. I say three you'll at least come up with one not my.

First. R good. Chris not my. First rodeo folks all right.

So. I'm going to assume most of you have at least one or two. I want you to go ahead what if. I just have one good enough one of them better be your wedding or.

Alex is going to be pissed all right. Go ahead and put your few flat on the floor make yourself nice and comfortable close your eyes. Take a deep breath in and let that breath out with a sigh deeper and deeper. With.

Every. Breath. You. Take and every beat of your heart my friends.

I just want you to relax let go listen to the sound of my voice any sounds that you hear other than the sound of my voice are simply the sounds of your natural environment or mine they're not going to disturb you they're not going to distract you in any way in fact all they're going to do is signal you you remind you reinforce inside your mind body and soul the fact that you're completely safe that no. Matter how far inside you travel no. Matter how deep inside you go you will always always always be able to hear my words follow my instructions obey my commands because you realize that everything. I say and everything.

I do is for you to give you the life and the lifestyle that you desire by your standards by your definitions for all the right. Reasons if at any moment during this process we should lose our internet connection if something strange or unforeseen should happen you will simply complete whatever process you're engaged in at which point you will emerge from this trance long enough to re establish the internet connection at which point you will go back into trance twice as deep as the time before and we'll continue with the. Next part of our process now in a moment not yet. But in just a moment.

I'm going to ask you to focus all of your attention on the lids of your eyes. And. I want you to begin to relax those tiny muscles in your eyes. And.

I want you to keep relaxing them. I want you to relax them more and more and more until they're. So relaxed they just don't want to work anymore and when you're satisfied you're convinced they're. So relaxed they just don't want to work anymore all.

I want you to do give them a little test just to be sure and when you're completely satisfied stop testing allow that level of relaxation to flow from the top of your head all all the way down down down to the tips of your toes deeper and deeper. With. Every. Breath.

You. Take. With. Every.

Beat of your heart completely safe perfect now in a moment not yet. But in just a moment. I'm going to ask you to begin to relax your mind just as deeply as we're relaxing in your body we're going to do that in a very special way in a moment not yet. But in just a moment.

I'm going to ask you to begin to imagine the alphabet backwards starting with the letter. Z with each and every breath you take each and every beat of your heart starting with that letter. Z all. I want you to do is relax those letters completely out of your mind allow them if you will to become smaller and darker harder to see turn the volume all the way down down down deeper and deeper down down down now obviously.

I can't do this for you only you can allow this to happen and when you know they're gone and you're as deeply relaxed in your mind as you are in your body all. I want you to do is allow your head to nod with honest unconscious movements to let me know and we'll continue with the. Next part of our process drifting dreaming floating smaller darker harder to see turning the volume all the way down down deeper and deeper down down down now obviously my friend. I can't do this for you only you have that power only you can give yourself permission to completely let go perfect now in a moment not yet.

But in just a moment. I'm going to ask you to use that amazing imagination of yours that. I know that you have in a moment. I'm going to ask you to imagine a wonderful place a place that you've visited before an amazing place a place that is.

So powerful. So healing. So nurturing. So nourishing.

So accepting forgiving supporting a place that is. So protective. So absolutely and completely safe that no. Negativity of any kind can exist here for even a fraction of a.

Second without being immediately. V aized transformed and turned into its opposite and. I always wonder when people visit their special place what that's like. I mean what might you see in that amazing place what might you hear what might you smell and what might you taste because when you do that when you're in that place and you see what you see and you hear what you hear and you smell and you taste what you smell and you taste there is an amazing wonderful satisfying feeling that you get a comforting feeling that lets you know you are truly safe and there's a place in your body where those wonderful feelings of comfort and protection start where they grow where they spread from take a moment notice where you feel it and point to it and as you point to it.

I want you to notice that there's a color maybe even a series of colors connected to this wonderful feeling. I'm always curious what color or colors might that be for you are they different today than they were yesterday or are they the same or even better and regardless of what they are. I want you to imagine a brilliant ball that energy floating above your head notice how the feelings in your body begin to shift and change as. With.

Every. Breath. You. Take and every beat of your heart that ball of energy begins to grow begins to expand begins to fill the entire room from floor to ceiling from wall to wall and all points in between notice how it wraps itself around you like an amazing blanket of safety.

Comfort protection a cocoon a shield build a suit of armor insulating you protecting you from all threats all dangers real or imagined while at the same time flooding your mind flooding your body flooding your spirit with everything it most wants everything it most needs in an infinite ever expanding and. Unlimited. Supply and when you realize you've got that. I.

Want. You to. Breathe those amazing colors through your entire being let it fill you up like water fills up a bottle like fluid fills up a test tube like hot air helium fills up a balloon anchor it in. So fully.

So completely no. Force in the universe can turn it off or take it away not even you and when you recognize that's true test it try to turn it off try to make it go away try to imagine some other. Force other than. God itself take trying to take it away and notice what happens instead when you're satisfied stop testing allow that divinely inspired energy to flow even stronger through your mind body and soul feel it seek out every place in your mind your body your spirit where you're harboring any stress any strain any less than positive belief from memory or experience notice how that energy seeks out those areas how it flows into and around and over those areas like hot water flowing over an ice cube notice how those areas begin to melt and dissolve away solve dissolved and resolve from your body solve dissolved and resolve from your mind for all the right.

Reasons and this energy will continue to flow it will continue to grow even as we continue on with other processes an infinite ever expanding stream of transformation safety and comfort in forming you empowering you supporting you in every way that you most need and want and desire now you may notice that energy does its work seeking out every place in your mind your body your soul your spirit where you're harboring any form of stress strain dens tightness or tension it flows into those areas dissolves them breaks them up and replaces that energy with exactly exactly exactly what you most need and want and desire instead you may realize your body is doing all kinds of interesting things some people break out in a sweat some people laugh some people yawn some people cry some people twitch some people yawn some people just feel waves of emotion coming up some people get tingly or cold and that's okay. Because that's just how your body does it that's just your neurology resetting itself it's just the emotional detox as those things come up they come out as you feel them you reveal them as you reveal them you heal them solve dissolved and resolved from the body solved dissolved and resolved from the mind for all the right. Reasons take all the time you need in the. Next few moments to let the vast majority of what needs to be flushed away get flushed away and when you know you're completely filled you're completely saturated permeated at every level of body mind soul and spirit with this amazing all powerful transformational energy you can just nod your head to let me know and we'll continue with the.

Next part of our process perfect now remember because you are part of a group and. I'm moving at a specific. Pace some of you may have things to process that take longer than others some of you may know or be able to anticipate what. I'm going to say.

Next and have a tendency to want to. LEAP ahead others of you will be right. With me in perfect time in perfect moment and sequencing as long as your unconscious now can hear my words it can follow my instructions in the best most efficient way possible. So just relax let go follow the instructions in the way that's right.

And appropriate and best for you now before we begin our journey together. I had you list three happy times and. I want you in a moment not yet. But in just a moment to remember the happiest earliest experience the happiest childhood experience or adolescent experience you can remember today and.

I want you to notice that when you think of that amazing experience when you remember it fully when you see what you see and you hear what you hear and you smell and you taste what you smell and you taste there is an amazing wonderful feeling that you get a feeling of such happiness such. Joy excitement pleasure whatever positive words you can associate with and only the positive words and only the positive feelings will become noticeable and. I'd like you to notice that there's a place in your body where those wonderful feelings start where they grow they spread from take a moment notice where you feel it and. I'd like you look.

At it with your inner eyes. Notice there's a color maybe even a series of colors connected to those amazing feelings notice what color that is for you. First impression when you're ready and only when you're ready. I want you to reach into that area with both of your hands take out all that wonderful pleasurable energy take take it out and hold it in your hands in front of you make sure you get it all because we don't want to miss a drop of this amazing experience that's right.

As you take it out and hold it in your hands in front of you. I want you to look. At it with your inner eyes. And notice did the color change or stay the same.

First impression and now notice that it's moving it's spinning in a certain direction what do direction is it spinning. First impression and. I want you to play with it now. I want you to play with the direction that's moving until you find the direction that makes it even better makes it even stronger makes it even more thrilling fulfilling and satisfying than ever before when you find that new.

Direction. I want you to spin it like a wheel and double the spin double the speed double the force double the magnitude keep doubling it over and over and over again until it takes on a life of its own until it's impossible for it to go back the way it was when you know you've got it slam it back into the spot that you took. It out of notice the change notice it's strong notice as this new program works its way deeper and deeper and deeper into your body any program any belief any memory any experience that's not in harmony with this new set of instructions your neurology is going to begin to shed it's going to begin to purge like a snake shedding its skin like old software being uninstalled by newer better more powerful software there's no. Need to measure it manage it or make it happen faster just notice the process taking place allow it to install itself powerfully and completely when you know you've got it it's going to get better because in a moment not yet.

But in just a moment. I'm going to count from one to five as. I count from 1 to you're going to notice that pleasure that joy that amazing energy growing stronger doubling and tripling in size and strength doubling and tripling in force and magnitude getting better and better and better lighting your entire system up brighter than it's ever been one feel that energy doubling in size and strength force and magnitude two twice as strong now as it was a moment ago feel it letting you up doing all of your tingly. Parts oh my.

God does this feel feel good three even more powerful now like the gates of a damn bursting forward four like a beacon from the past calling you back in time to that very. First scene situation or event that is the source the beginning the root cause of this amazingly. Good. Feeling five there's the feeling flying all the way back in time to that very.

First joyful powerful moment the moment that is the best experience of your young life ever as you walk as you find yourself in that scene notice are you inside or outside daytime or night time alone or with people watch the movie be part of it feel the feelings completely as your adult self now go through the beginning the middle the end and when you've reached the end of that scene and it was awesome in every way just nod your head to let me know and we'll continue with the. Next part of our process excellent now in a moment not yet. But in just a moment. I'm going to count from 1 to three when.

I reach the number three you're going to come back to the present moment as your adult self having made sure you know exactly where this happy memory is knowing how to get back there perfectly every single time one 2 three still deeply entrance feeling those wonderful feelings seeing that glowing line of time that leads you back to that amazing scene situation or event that was this amazing source of pleasure for you now as. I speak to you the adult self we're going to do something very very cool in a moment not yet. But in just a moment. I'm going to count from one to three again.

But before. I do. I want you to look. Back at that youngest happiest version of yourself and.

I want you to look. Back and realize all the things you know that that younger version doesn't know yet and if you could reach back. Through the. Wormhole of time and space and teach that youngest version everything they ever need to know to feel to believe to experience to understand.

So that they could have the best life ever the best gift you could possibly give to that sweet little person who's having the time of their life. I'm curious. I'm wondering what would you share with them what would you teach them what would you give them what would you gift to them and when you realize and you understand what that is you can just nod your head to let me know in a moment not yet. But in just a moment.

I'm going to count from one to five when. I reach the number five you will fly back on the wings of time to five minutes before that happiest event ever had a chance to happen you're going to find that younger version of yourself you're going to walk over to them give them the biggest most supportive most comforting. I love you little brother sister hug imaginable and you're going to teach them you're going to give them the gift of knowledge understanding the ability to transform and change and whatever else they need to be the best version of themsel imaginable and a few extras that. I'll tell you about when we get there number one feel yourself beginning to move back.

Through the. Wormhole of time and space floating on the wings of time two on your way back feel yourself moving to five minutes before that happiest childhood event three almost there four five there they are can you see them now your head if you can see them. I want you to walk over and kneel down look. Them in the eyes.

Give them the biggest most supportive. I love you little brother sister hug ever and say hey buddy. I'm you from the future and where. I come from the magic the technology exists to come back from the future to change the past and that's exactly why.

I'm here to let you know. I have a gift for you an amazing gift that's going to take you to the. Next level that's going to make everything in your life. So much better.

So much more empowering in every way and. I want you to take them in your arms and. I want you to whisper in their ear everything they're ever going to need to know feel believe experience and understand to be ready for what's coming to make better choices to take different actions to understand things differently give them the gift of forn knowledge teach them love them and make sure they believe you if you want to teach them some of your cool hypnosis or energy techniques. So they're ready with those resources as they move forward through time you can do that.

I. I've had many clients teach their younger selves how to spin and frame and color breathe how to do different types of meditations whatever you want this is your gift to them best gift ever take all the time you need and when you know they've got it it's locked in changed forever. I want you to just nod your head to let me know and we'll continue with the. Next part of our process excellent now before we continue with the.

Next part of our process. I have a few messages that. I'd like you to convey. But.

I want even though. I'm going to give you the idea and some words. I want you to change them if necessary to make them yours and convey these ideas these truths to that youngest version of yourself in the way that they're most receptive to. I want you to look.

That youngest version in your in the eyes. And. I want you to say. I love you throughout the coming days and weeks and months and years good things are going to happen and some not.

So good things are going to happen people are going to come into your life and they're going to leave people are going to do things you like and they're going to do things you don't like some people are going to approve of you some are not. But no. Matter where you go no. Matter what you do no.

Matter what life hands you. I will always be here for you to love you protect you to hold your hand when there's nobody else to hold your hand to give you that hug you need when you need it the most to remind you that you are always good enough that you are loved accepted protected forgiven for all wrongs real or [Music] imagined and you're never ever ever alone let your commitment to those words the sincerity and the truth of those words reach the deepest most sensitive most powerful part of their heart mind body and soul let it take root like a giant sequoia a redwood tree let that truth resonate throughout every level of their mind body and soul and when you know they've got it when you know you've got it just nod your head to let me know when you ready and they're ready. I want you to take your youngest self by the hand or whatever way is appropriate and walk beside them through that happiest moment and noticing how much better things become as you live that moment with this gift with you go through that moment experiencing it fully better than before turn around look. Back on it and notice what you've learned and.

Then walk forward through time through each day and week and month each significant event changing now because you were there because your youngest version of yourself had the gift of knowledge of understanding of wisdom notice how they make different decisions how they avoid certain actions or if an action was unavoidable they think about it and understand it from a completely different perspective that makes them better through each day and week and month and year and every. So often. I want you to just stop look. Back notice how things have changed and what you've learned on your journey with your oldest version of yourself walking beside you reminding you saying hey avoid that right.

This think about it like this don't go there you got this you can do that you deserve it reminding you that you're always good enough speaking to you in a voice that you can completely trust completely believe it that reminds you of all the very best things about you reminding you that you're never alone you're always accepted and forgiven protected and this voice goes with you just like the rest of you move through each day and a week and month every. So often stopping turning around noticing how things have changed and what you've learned until you reach the present moment in the chair and when you've reached that present moment. I want you to just look. Back notice how things have changed and.

Nod your head when you're ready to move on perfect continue to walk forward together into the future a day from now a week from now a month from now 6 months a year stop and look. Back notice what you've learned five years 10 years 20 years and at some point you begin to accelerate through that future and at some point we all have a moment where we transition from this body into that space beyond time and space and because it's outside of time and space the end is the beginning and we find ourself at the very beginning of this lifetime about to take on a body and because you know everything that's going to happen as you move through that process taking on the body again of a baby bringing all this forn knowledge with you teaching that youngest version of you that's developing everything they're ever going to need to know to believe to feel to experience to understand to to do things better than the time before through each day and week and month notice how that inner voice and that older version of yourself comes along showing you that it will always be with you loving you guiding you protecting you advising you reminding you that you are always loved that you are always accepted that you're always good enough protected forgiven for all wrongs real or imagined and you're never ever ever alone notice how the feelings in your body shift and change as you find every aspect of your spirit and your. Consciousness moving through that line of time that represents the events of your life with that forn knowledge guiding you making you uh giving you the the ability and the power to make better choices to do things differently to iterate your life to the best possible version of you picking up speed as you move from the early years to the teen years to the 20s the 30s 40s present and. Beyond and at some point you pass through that transition point and you're back at the beginning and just like in.

Groundhog. Day. I want you to travel fast and as thoroughly and as completely through this line of events as you need to as you want to as is appropriate for you making each pass through this line of time better than the time before. I want you to groundhog that in such a way that life only gets better and better not once not twice.

But over and over and over again hundreds thousands of times at the speed of thought with each iteration and each pass make each event each pass each. Journey better than the time before and when you reach that moment when you realize it's true it's locked in periodically stopping to look. Back and review how things have changed for the better for all the right. Reasons your reasons when you know it's locked in.

Then you're ready for the. Next phase you just nod your head to let me know and we'll continue with the. Next part of our process perfect feel yourself moving through that glowing line of time and that older self that wise knowledgeable self is still going with you reminding you you got this you deserve it you're a good person you're always good enough when you reach the present moment feel yourself integrating integrating integrating back into that physical form seated in the chair listening to this voice and still you hear that other voice inside you are loved accepted protected from all all thoughts all dangers real or imagined you're always good enough and you're never ever ever alone let the truth of those words echo through the past present the future and the spaces between the spaces reminding you forever of who you truly are where you truly come from in a moment not yet. But in just a moment.

I'm going to count from one to five as. I reach the number five you can emerge from this process bringing all of these. Transformations. Revelations and understandings with you seeing the world through new eyes.

Hearing the world through new ears experiencing the world through a mind a body a soul a. Spirit. Alive with. Transformations on the fast track to embodying the very best version of you and still this voice this loving part of you goes with you reminding you that you are always good enough that you are loved accepted protected forgiven for all wrongs real or imagine and you're never ever ever.

Alone number two all of my suggestions from me to you from you to your own other than conscious mind are now 10 times more powerful 100 times more permanent a thousand times more thrilling fulfilling and satisfying than ever before embraced held locked in to that part of your mind body and soul that most wants desires can. Implement facilitate and express these changes in all the ways that give you the life and the lifestyle you want the way that you want it by your standards and your definitions number three because there's always at least three ways to overcome any situation obstacle or circumstance that you may face there's always at least three solutions to any problem you need to solve in your other conscious mind will now easily effortlessly and automatically generate those. Solutions and. Implement them in the quickest easiest most effective effective way for the good of yourself and all concerned number four because it's all for you you've made the investment you've made the journey you followed the instructions you've obeyed the commands you've tested the results and you've most certainly certainly certainly earn the rewards and the right.

To keep them it's your reality it's your truth it's your life and you get to live it to the fullest starting now on the. Next count you can emerge from this process only at the rate and speed that every level of your neurology psychology mind body and soul are in complete. Harmony complete agreement embodying personifying seeing believing perceiving and expressing these changes in all the ways that give you the life you want the way that you want it by your standards and your definitions head clear mind clear heart clear. Soul clear thinking feeling acting with self assurance complete.

Comfort certainty feeling good all over glad to be alive and ready to thrive number five take your time come on back notice how good you feel once you're a little bit more grounded take about 10 or 15 minutes to do some quick journaling and. Then we'll break you up into your small groups and you guys can talk about it for a little bit.
