Title: ZaUw0_d_lj0.txt
Video Id: ZaUw0_d_lj0
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZaUw0_d_lj0

I'm going to start on time my name is. David. Snider welcome to. NLP power.

SL all things. San. Diego. SL.

NLP today slash slash slash whatever tonight's. Adventure into the. Art and. Science of love and romance it's called.

Renegade romance hypnotic rapid attraction secrets for dating meeting and relating if you hear me use that word hypnotic throughout the course of the night realize it's not necessarily a mistake you see when we talk about. States and we talk about things like love and attraction and intimacy and connection and commitment what we're really talking about are. States states have. TWO primary components they have an a level of absorption in what's going on or the object the target of the state and a continually narrowing focus of attention anybody here ever have someone that they just for.

Gaga over were you like really absorbed in all the different things you could think about doing with them did you often find yourself daydreaming that's called a trance love is a trance love is a trance now as a hypnotist that's a really interesting field of study for me because it's those states that we don't think of or these those states that we go through every single day that we don't think of as transes that run our lives the truth of the matter is there's no. Such thing as hypnosis because there's no. Such because everything is hypnosis all hypnosis is ladies and gentlemen is a process a process that takes you from whatever state you're in at this moment to another one. So when the hot guy walking down the street walks by you you've just been hypnotized when the hot chick walks across your field division you've been bootied sorry did.

I say that. I'm. Sorry by the way um couple of housekeeping things tonight people will continue to funnel in. I love this topic probably more than any other topic.

I've ever. I've ever taught. I've been teaching this stuff for a long time um and because of that. I tend to get excited.

I tend to just keep going on and on and on with all this information um. So sometimes one of these seminars can be like sipping from a fire hose. So. I apologize in advance if you you know right.

Around 0 8 8:30 your ears start bleeding you guys are taking yourselves way too seriously should see you from my perspective um housekeeping. First of all several rules ay if you have to go to if you have to come on up it's all right. You're going to get good stuff. I promise okay.

If if if. I forget to give you a break or you guys feel like you need one your bladder's about to pick up and leave town just raise your hand say can we have a break please right. If not just clean it up when you're done right. But if you really do need to go get up and go you won't bother me if you need if you need a sudden dose of caffeination there's lots of coffee and even more chocolate trust me me if you can't find love you can find chocolate they're very very similar we'll get into that a little bit.

Later. But eat as much as you want seriously we got tons and honestly one of the things that we do at. NLP power is we're all about practical stuff stuff that you can you come in you learn it and you can use it tomorrow and we're also about change changing ourselves. So that we become the kind of people who can be do and have the life we want the way we want it one of the fastest ways that we can begin to change people you can begin to change your mind change your body change every aspect of your life is through a principle that our nervous system runs on called neuroplasticity how many people here who have not been to one of my workshops before because there's always a ringer going.

I know the answer. I know the answer how many people here have ever heard the term neuroplasticity okay. Neuroplasticity is a really long drawn out word that basically means the speed at which your nervous system and the nerve and the and the cells in your brain rewire themselves how rapidly you learn and how deeply and how powerfully those neurons stick together there's an old saying that the neurons that wire together or fire together wire together and that's mostly true the problem is is that as we get older our neuroplasticity. According to some experts tends to decrease it we tend to become more locked into our ways and our old ways of thinking.

However through specific techniques and the modulation of specific substances we can actually reactivate the brains and the nervous systems ability to change the the hormone the the substance in our body that actually causes that to happen is called oxytocin now some of you may have heard that word before there's actually a compan online now selling necklaces with the oxytocin molecule okay. Now the interesting thing about oxytocin is it's the primary neurotransmitter that creates love or the feelings of love in our bodies it's also the primary hormone when a mother is actually an expectant mother is getting ready to give birth she begins to lactate oxytocin is actually the mediator that creates that transformation it is the primary hormone that that governs pair bonding between a mother and a child between a man and a woman between best friends it is the is the single biggest indicator of how much we trust someone the more oxytocin you can trigger in a person's system the more trust they have for you. But there's another side to oxytocin oxytocin also has the unique ability to amplify neuro plasticity in enough doses over a long enough period of time if you can imagine the nerves in your you ever hear when. I say chicken wire you guys know what chicken wire is okay.

If you don't. Then just imagine some. Little chain link fence. But you got this little chicken wire lattice work that we call a brain right.

And these nerves are firing and they're crisscross and doing that that the other thing if with in the presence of enough oxytocin or love passion joy laughter body starts pumping up that oxytocin it's like take a a little blowtorch and just and softening up all that wire and. Then it becomes very easy to shape it tends to take on whatever shape of the situations we find oursel in right. And. Then when it hardens it has a new shape and it has a new configuration oxytocin among all the other neurotransmitters in our body has that unique capacity to take old behaviors old habits old beliefs and overwrite them how many people ever seen somebody fall completely in love and totally change their lifestyle welcome to the wonderful world of neurologically induced trance or biochemically induced trance right.

Now my job here is to teach you. But it's also to change you and. I fully claim the right. To use as many dirty evil nasty honest tricks as possible to help you change.

So that you become the person who can have life you want the way you want it one of those ways is. I'm going to do everything in my power to shock you. Delight you and saturate your system with oxytocin now one of the most powerful. Unstoppable ways to saturate the system with oxytocin is to give you hour after hour of unrelenting orgasm that's not going to happen tonight another way to do it is to hug hold somebody be held for 20 minutes a little logistically not efficient we could be laughing for 20 minutes or more we laugh the more oxytocin we release we'll work on that one or we can eat lots and lots of chocolate.

I can control that right. One of the problems that we have when we come to workshops like this especially is that we're all serious we're all taking ourselves way too [ __ ] seriously which which brings us back to housekeeping a if. Politically. Incorrect language or colorful metaphors or swear words offend you there's the [ __ ] door this means yes.

This means no. There will be a test this means. I know the answer this means. I don't this means oh [ __ ].

I hope he doesn't ask me that if. I do bring anybody up for a demo sometimes. I do sometimes. I don't if you do to come up it is assumed that you have permission to have your lovely mug appear on.

YouTube and get really good stuff programmed into you anybody here want really good stuff programmed into them okay. We're going to have a really freaking long night why you here why you here real quick you with the cool hat on what do you here for we want not you the other one see two hats right. In a row you sir what do you want to take home tonight when do you want to get out tonight learning uh where to meet and how to where to meet look. Around you make better relationship make better relationships okay.

So you're interested in relationships. So you've already gone past the meeting and attracting part you're kind of in the relationship phase no. No. Okay.

That's an editorial question. I'm just trying to get an idea see. I have a ton of stuff ton and ton of stuff that that. I could throw at you.

But what. I want to do do is. I want to make sure that the information. I have to give you is targeted.

I mean make sure that it's relevant to what you want. So. I'm just going to spot check people the lovely lady with the beautiful hat on. I thought.

I was talking to her. First. Gottis hard answer make it easier. I'm interested in your presentation style oh okay.

Very cool my presentation style. I'll you the that was a. Prett good example because. I like like.

I started the evening with standing up here is weird for me cuz for 3 or 4 years. This is. Where. I.

Stood and. I fought going up there because. I don't like being disconnected. I don't like distance between me and my audience right.

So throughout the night. I'll be like a little yo-yo bouncing up and down and things like that okay. What we're going to do tonight. A couple more and.

Then. I'm just going to jump into what. I had planned and. Then we'll see where the night takes us you young lady what do you want to take home tonight what do you want to get out of tonight just to learn to be more open be more open connect with connect with another person very cool how about you sir connect to people connect to people awesome.

I have superglue how about you you dissed me you you ducked out of the front row what do you want to take home tonight okay. Um how to meat attract and keep meet attract and keep. I kind of put that in the blurb didn't. I very cool that's what.

I'm here for all right. Baby how many people here want to be met attracted and kept raise your hand all right. Mostly female couple of guys all right. Guys going just feed me rub my belly.

I'm good later's going put the [ __ ] toilet seat lid down damn it. Anyway how about you what do you want to get out of tonight yes. I'm asking you like he's talking to me um. I like the meat of.

TR and. C okay. But also um enhance the relationships that. I have very cool and when you say relationships.

I'm assuming they are not platonic or are platonic some are platonic or. D all of the above okay. Notice she said some are. I'm a neural linguistic programmer.

I know what your language means. I'm trained to sort for crap or not crap crap. But for. I good we're laughing thank.

God you see that's the problem that's one of the reasons why most of us are dramatically single dramatically dramatically guys when it comes to attracting remember that word dramatic okay. Women love emotional spikes that's why they date jerks it's very true it's very true when you go and you guys when you're out there and you're talking to a woman and you're telling her everything about about yourself and you're just leading off the laundry list she's going that's nice right. You're telling her all you know your your job your where you're going what you're doing and she's going that's nice she's smiling she's nodding you think you're having a great time you're getting more and more attracted to her by the minute she's trying to figure out a way not to knoww her her arm off to get away from you which is why you by the end of the. First date most of the time guys you're pretty attracted and she's gone okay.

We're going to invert that formula we're going to teach both genders tonight how to be the most fascinating person in the room and when you figure out how easy that is it's going to shock and disturb you which is okay. Because shocking and disturbing is what i' like to do keep sh on your toes one of the reasons you'll hear me swear and use profanity tonight is because shock and distur shock and disturb you. But why does it why why is it useful in terms of presenting it's because. I'm not talking to the part of your brain that thinks.

I'm talking to the part of your brain that feels and acts it's called your. Neo your your paleo cortex or your reptile brain you have three brains you know this right. Okay. The.

Mating drives come from the reptile brain which is why when we're out on a date and we read off the the laundry list and pull out the slide roll and spreadsheet that gives all the logical reasons why we're a great person they run because the part of you that gets attracted is your reptile your paleocortex okay. There's your brain stem there's your paleo cortex now once the. Paleo cortex gets stimulated it does something cool it talks to the. Next level of your brain now the messages go in two different directions it's going into the lyic system which is your emotional brain okay.

But it's also traveling down the spinal cord the messages and the impulses are going south ladies and gentlemen and when the meat gets excited logic goes out the window okay. There's a book. That has nothing to do with romance and everything to do with tapping into the reptile brain it's called ironically reptile it was a book. Written by lawyers for lawyers that teaches attorneys specifically personal injury attorneys how to present to judges and juries in a way that stimulates the reptile brain and they're winning billions of dollars in judgments because of it if a bunch of money hungry not money hungry.

I'm sorry. I shouldn't say that uh if a bunch of of very aggressive highly paid influence professionals are tapping into the reptile why not you for a different. D it's the same the same. Target for a different direction the reptile brain your paleo cortex is is a what the.

Soviet sports psychologist thought is in charge of fight survival it's charge of reproduction food and anything that that meets these two these are the two prime directives okay. But it's also your reptile brain that will cause you to do the most weird things to avoid being rejected or kicked out of a group you see because the reptile brain is in charge of fight or flight it starts to sort the world differently and we'll talk about social status. Later on this evening. But one of the things you need to understand is that to the reptile brain which is only concerned with surviving that's the guys and moving the genes forward actually.

I'm sorry surviving is the women moving the genes forward is the men because your genes don't go to heaven the genes stay here now the interesting thing that happens is adaptively speaking evolutionarily speaking rejection or ostracization from the group is equivalent to. Extinction at. The. Reptilian level and.

So one of the things that we are both men and women are trained programmed hardwired at the neurological level to sort for is social status men seek it to gain it women seek to. Ally with it okay. Now as cultures differ social status has different parameters when we were evolving when we crawled out of the ocean it was the biggest the strongest not necessarily the nicest was the biggest the strongest the one with the access to the most resources that had the highest survival potential over millions of years of evolution ladies your neurology was trained to sort for that over the eons subtleties evolved that let you know when somebody had high survival potential most people would not think of a sense of humor as being an indication of high survival potential we've evolved right. But here's how you see sense of humor not.

So much intelligence ah the more intelligent the creature the more likely it is to survive right. Well guess what sense of humor is a direct indicator of intelligence and. So when you go to see these standup comedians who are just a little below rock stars in terms of getting laid it's the oxytocin dump it's the laughter it's the release. I haven't met a dumb comedian yet.

I met some who played dumb. I keep thinking of emo. Williams or emo. Phil emo.

Phillips you guys know who emo. Phillips is he was big back most of you guys are too young to remember that [ __ ] right. But he was this comedian back in the uh back in the 80s and he would come he this long coat have this really long hair looked like an emaciated. Tiny.

Tim from the 70s you know to through the tunip okay. That one fell flat all right. But he would come up and he would say you know. I used to think that the brain was the most fascinating organ in the body and.

Then. I thought well look. Who's telling me that the part of your brain that does that is the neocortex the neocortex literally knew layer is your rational lying brain and when. I say it lies.

I mean it doesn't just lie to the people around you it lies to you your brain lies to you okay. I'm a hypnotist. I'm a h a therapist. I'll give you my pedigree in a minute my daughter likes to call it my laundry list of overachievement.

But one of the things that happens. I'm. HST people come in they tell me what their problem is they tell me what they want to achieve we lift we get we open the. Hood we go back to deal with the problem we wind up fixing something completely different than what came out of their mouth 10 minutes earlier why because anything that stimulates the reptile brain either is moving is going to either be pleasure generating or pleasure seeking or it's going to be pain seek or pain away from okay.

When a pearl is formed we see a pearl necklace we see a a you know pearl jewelry and we just oh that's such a beautiful pearl you know how we get pearls from a pissed off oyster right. Little grain of sand you got the oyster here. I. I'm.

I'm a horrible artist you got the little little irritant little piece of sand that's pissing off the oyster it's irritating them. So what does the oyster do he coats it with some weird substance and he keeps coating it and it gets smoother and shinier until eventually we have this beautiful pearl that started off as something that was irritating something else your brain works very very similar okay. Okay. Remember we're talking about the reptile brain and it's going to be relevant as we go through tonight everything that your brain sorts for is either going to be moving towards pleasure or away from.

Pain the system's a little bit hardwired towards pain though pain is more adaptive okay. Tends to get us moving more. But what happens let's say we see a hot woman hot guy and we want to meet that person. But we can't just go up and say hey would you like to mate yeah it screwed me up for decades.

May me wake up in really weird places too. But. So what really happens there is we have a primal drive that wants to be satisfied right. Now understand.

I'm going to talk. I'm going to bounce back and forth between feelings or emotions rather and feelings your. Primal drives are feelings. But they are not emotions they are drives they are things that are that the foundation of you're you're an animal okay.

I'm sorry get over it ladies you're an animal too embrace your inner lizard. But what happens is we get our our reptile brain gets stimulated we meet something that meets our criteria to enhance our survival or reproductive potential what have you the reptile brain generates a series of emotions it sends a message to your emotional brain now prior to the. Advent of civilization beating somebody over the head who had a woman that you wanted now it's okay. We have laws now we have social and cultural rules that have to be followed etiquette that has to be followed and we have to at the very least give the appearance of following them or what does society do to us you out of the genan pool right.

Casts us out locks us behind bars does weird things to us. So the emotional brain wants something it has a feeling of. Love attraction whatever really it's that mating urge sends a message up to the. Neo to the neocortex say hey we got some uh itching down here that needs scratching figure it out and the interesting part about your your neocortex it's the part of you that thinks in words it's the part of you that really focuses on facts data the boring stuff.

But what your neocortex will in fact do it will begin to it will begin to generate a story it will begin to tweak how you pay attention to your world around you. So that you only you begin to form a rationale that allows you to justify acting on those drives and emotions in a way that is a acceptable to you and be acceptable to the cultural group that you are a part of and that's where the rubber start things start to get messed up a little bit because there's a big gap in our education there's a big gap in how to actually go up and talk to somebody and generate attraction okay. We're both both genders are on the short end of the stick it's just a slightly weirder stick okay. But this is the interesting part is.

I'm going to wax into my. Darth snip days before. I get into my pedigree most of you don't know well some of you do. But back in 2004 2005 uh.

I launched my. First information product it was called secret orgasm tips it was a system that. I had developed for me that taught men how to to pay attention to a woman in such a way that he could literally become her ideal fantasy lover the very. First night there together okay.

It was massively unfair worked like a charm didn't make it for you guys. I did it for me right. Because. I want.

I'm a big problem solver for my life why is that important because every one of you is carrying around a checklist you have a checklist for everything you do in your life ladies pay attention gentlemen watch the ladies because. Then. I'm going to pick on you in a minute ladies if you met a man who said exactly the right. Thing in exactly the way you always fantasized about it who could touch you in the places that you always wanted to be touched in exactly the way you wanted to be touched only when you wanted to be touched who could kiss you in a way that sent shivers up and down your spine and the way you always fantasize the perfect kiss should be if you could meet a guy who could make love to you in the way that you've always imagined what would you do for that guy gentlemen look.

Around you okay. That's the checklist each and every woman is unique. But not that much what do. I mean by that you all have a nervous system you're all human beings with a pulse.

But you all use it a little bit different right. If. I looked at the apps on your iPhone. I'm pretty sure some of you would have some apps some of you would have other apps some of you wouldn't have any apps we put those in a different room.

But my point is though each and every one of you have what we call criteria and values criteria and values is a neurolinguistic term that is an emotion connected to a label connected to a series of phenomena or attributes the checklist. So when we talk about somebody who's experiencing love connection intimacy arousal pleasure fulfillment those are what. NLP likes to call nominalizations it's a word or label that has been taken from a process linguistically into a noun in other words when we say fulfillment there's a process underlying how we become fulfilled and how we know the situation we're in is either fulfilling or not does that make sense this means yes. This means not each and every one of you man or woman there no.

Exception no. Exception has a set of criteria and value for every single thing you do in your life everything that's in your life either matches that. Criterion value checklist or it doesn't people cannot go against those criteria and values without experiencing emotional pain okay. You with me.

So far here's the problem or one of them. Anyway we all move through the world thinking we all have the same checklist. So the guy moves through the world get meets a girl who. Finally consents to go out with him and does everything he would do if if he wanted to get excited he does to her or he does what the culture has programmed him to do most of which doesn't usually work either okay.

You see that checklist governs. Our. Lives it governs what how we perceive things it governs the actions and the behaviors that we take on a functional level. I'm going to give you the the real simple rule and.

Then we're going to build on it and. I want you to just utilize this as a way to kind of see the. Matrix we instinctively do unto everyone around us the way we want to be done unto what's your name sir. Ross.

Ross if. I go up and. I shake. Ross's hand right.

There's a certain way he just shook. My hand if. I understand how to pay attention to. Ross in a whole new way and.

I shake his hand that felt better than just a moment ago because that's how he shook. My hand hands are cold my hands are cold yeah sorry our nervous systems are always on the lookout for us we're moving through the world. So looking for a match between my checklist and your checklist your checklist and my checklist that's how we go and we make everybody wrong when they don't match this happens completely outside of conscious awareness it was programmed into you without your consent without your understanding or without your knowledge now the beautiful part is if you can get outside of your own head and put your own. Drive is a little lower on the totem pole for a few moments and pay attention to the person in front of you properly they will give you all of the information that you need to know to meet their criteria generate attraction link it to you and take them to places they've only ever fantasized about because it's already there.

But they're not going to tell it to you consciously okay. What do. I mean by that a per a woman will touch you how and where she wants to be touched when she wants to be touched she will kiss you unconsciously exactly the way she wants to be kissed when she wants to be kissed when you kiss a girl or a woman. I know ladies you want to be women it's more fun to be girls though all right.

Girls just just want to have fun no. [ __ ] the stick's coming back okay. Uh we're going to get back to the whole playfulness thing okay. Because if you don't understand that every time you put your dating profile up on match.com or.

Plenty of. Fish you're lying to everybody which is why you never find the guys you want all you when guys when you're with a woman and ladies it works just the same you guys are just better at it than men. So they need more help it's true we're dumb as rocks trust me. I'm one of them.

But if you can pay attention to the person you're with long enough to do back to them what they've just done with you in the precise order and sequence that they do it you will perfectly match their internal checklist the be look. At the ladies are going right. Like bobbleheads back there right. You will imagine you will match their internal checklist the barriers to intimacy will drop they will become hyperaroused hyperconnected and.

Hyper predisposed to being intimate with you in as little as 20 minutes now. I said in as little that's if you're rushing we don't do that okay. But what. I do mean is we and and and when we talk about these methods or these techniques or these principles we're not doing anything unethical we're not doing anything deceptive or misleading in fact guys the kind of connection that you will be generating with your women will be the exact kind of connection they have been fantasizing about all their lives if you're in a relationship if you take this material back to your relationship and you start applying it your relationship will dramatically change.

But you got to be willing to do something different the. First rule in. David's. World pay attention you need to pay attention to women the way women pay attention to you anybody here any guy here ever have a girlfriend.

I have a wife. So it kind of goes a little bit deeper guys you ever noticed that your girlfriends remember every [ __ ] thing that ever happened to you it's like you talk about a story that happened when you were two they remember it better than you do you can't remember when you told it to you. But they can recite it for btim why see because they're paying attention the. L are going like [ __ ] how does he know this [ __ ] right.

I have a wife who was brilliant like really brilliant right. She had a. PhD in. Biochemistry before she went to chiropractic school and.

Then she started studying acupuncture while she was at chiropractic school she was the valedictorian and both simultaneously. I have no. IDE the only reason that. I got married to this woman a was because.

I'm really suggestible and she's a better hypnotist than. I am. But. But she's an amazing woman truly is.

I mean really. I mean she she went and did her acupuncture exam uh in for. Chinese medicine out in. Sacramento and it's a 200 question exam and they're not easy they're not easy questions she came back and recalled verbatim 80 of them and gave them to the school.

So they could study for the exam not a stupid woman okay. And trust me she has a memory. I've seen supercomputers that didn't have this kind of memory okay. And she remembers stuff and women will they will because the the.

EM. First of all the neurochemicals in their brain work a little bit different they have more oxytocin going on than we do most of the time okay. Remember oxytocin memory learning right. Ladies you want to keep a man around match his criteria match his values and.

Then have a little bit of. Doubt as to whether you're going to hang around and they will move. Heaven and. Earth to make sure you're happy what do.

I mean by that now. I keep talking about this whole thing. Criterion values. But there's another way that we can begin to talk about keeping somebody attracting somebody and all points in between identity which is where all our problems start you see the building blocks of your identity your self-concept are your.

Criterion values they're the checklist that determine what you. Des what you want how you know you're getting it and whether you deserve it or not all right. When we're going to introduce you. I'm going to start start with what.

I call the seven stages because normally when. I do these workshops whether it's flirting for. Fun and. Profit which is all about flirting and being playful and cool stuff which is where we need to start okay.

We need to get the sticks out of our butt and have some freaking fun okay. Because. I guarantee you if you can't be playful if you can't have fun you're not going to attract people okay. You can pump iron all day long you can kick heavy bags and punch stuff and be mcho.

M thr like bull. But if at the end of the day the person you're seeking to attract is not experiencing fun. I met this guy today he was interesting you'd make a great friend get some death my point is we've got to get that we got to we've got to start being playful we've got to get out of this oh my. God they're going to reject me we got to we got to stop playing this crap in our heads we got to have fun right.

I'll show you how to have fun really quick everybody stand up now look. Around you pay attention to anyone who has a pulse reach out your hand hold him by the hand whether my hands are cold or not it doesn't matter look. In the eye and go good look. To somebody re me to your right.

Or left reach out your hand and keep doing it until you feel more than silly very nice good now good now eat lots of chocolate good why do. I do that hey to prove. First of all that. I can in fact make people do things against their will.

But also we need to get our bodies involved if you want to be able to tap into those feelings of playfulness those feelings of confidence that ability to just walk up to somebody and introduce yourself you got to get your. Meats suit under control okay. There's a a great. Ted.

Talk. It's called. Power poses by. Amy.

Cy go and watch it yes. We have some survivors right. Your physiology your posture your breathing rate affects your psycho emotional state okay. If how many people here have ever had a really good time raise your hand cool all right.

We're getting there. I want you to close your eyes. That means close your eyes. [ __ ] you can always tell who's not going to get anything out of the workshop cuz.

I say do this and they go it's a participatory. Workshop if you don't do the drills. I can't give you the skills okay. The secret to being attractive is not how you dress the secret to being attractive is the feelings you install and create in other people the fastest way to transfer a feeling into another human being is to have the feeling yourself the fastest way to have of any feeling you want is to change the way your body is positioned your psychoemotional state is directly connected to your physiology your posture your breathing weight and your weight your weight placement okay.

In a few minutes. I'll show you the difference between symmetry asymmetry and you'll be laughing your asses off and you won't know why okay. Close your eyes. Take a deep breath in think of a time in your life when you felt amazing when you felt large and in charge maybe it was something you saw you decided you wanted it you put a you decided you were going to get it no.

Matter what you put a plan into operation you put the plan into action and you nailed it here's what. I want you to do two things. First of all. I want you to point to where in your body you have that feeling just physically point to it good with your other hand.

Reach. Out touch the picture floating in the space around you connected to that feeling take both both of your hands trace the edges of it grab the edges of it make open it like an app on your iPhone make it as big as an. IMAX movie theater screen notice what happens to the feeling in your body some of you going oh my. God some going.

I think he's full of [ __ ] now here's what. I want you to do shrink it down size of a postage stand what happened to the feeling you're not to tell me just answer it to yourself yep now open it up to its normal size pull it closer to your body what what happened to the feeling. I'm betting it got stronger for most of you put it back to where it was lift it up over your head expand it to the size of a really big beach towel pull it down around you like a blanket notice what happens to the feeling what happened she's like got good didn't it take it up hold it up over your head just for. Grins and.

Giggles imagine you could just throw it back behind you over the horizon sorry for you people in the back row you're going to get clobbered what happened to the feeling gone how the hell did. I know that because. I understand how your nervous system codes experience reach back grab that image put it out in front of you now here's what. I want you to do make it as big as you can stand bring it as close to your body as you want to feel good and leave it there damn we got a.

Lykan in the room woo all right. Now while you're immersed in that feeling step into it physically or mentally or emotionally step into it see what you saw hear what you heard feel what you felt stand you too puppy stand the way you were standing breathe the way you were breathing now without changing anything not how you breathe not how you stand not where your weight is placed without changing anything physically try to feel bad notice you can't do it now go back to feeling good and double it that's where we start now. I want you remember a time in your life when you were absolutely hedonistic pleasure seeking you didn't give a rat's bottie about anything you were just having a good time you didn't care how you didn't care about tomorrow point to where you feel that cool oo some of you guys are getting weird over there. Reach.

Out. And. Touch the picture trace it with both of your hands expand it woohoo notice how good that sorry about that. I'm.

GNA break some glasses in the. Next. Room notice how good that feels move it out make it as big as an. IMAX movie theater screen bring it close to your body wrap it around you how's that feel now step into it see what you saw hear what you heard feel what you felt let those feelings come flooding back stand the way you were standing breathe the way you were breathing and let yourself just feel really good some of you may notice you're yawning that's because your emotions are changing and releasing that's okay.

Let it that wasn't a suggestion by the way. But this is how quickly we can feel good. On. Demand you want to change your brain learn how to feel good for no.

[ __ ] reason this is how you do it change your posture change the size and shape of the pictures change your relationship to them the fastest way to become attractive to another human being is to give them the feelings they want the fastest way to give them the feelings they want is to generate them in yourself. First okay. Want to be more charismatic how many people know who. Marilyn.

Monroe was or. Bill. Clinton. I.

I have a seat take those good feelings with you be playful with it this is where you start this is where you start you don't get out you don't leave the house in the morning from now on without putting on your playful underwear and. I won't ask what kind of under you have on oh [ __ ] right. My point is there are states in our life that are what we call end states there are things we feel after we've accomplished something like happy people say. I want to be.

I just want to be happy if all you want to do is be happy you might be happy sitting on the couch eating hog and dos what does that do for your life. But there are states that lead to happiness that get [ __ ] get done. First one. I teach in my classes is playful you got to be playful okay.

Guys how many people here have ever done any kind of internet dating raise your hands the rest of you are lying. But that's okay. Ladies how many of you have ever done any internet dating how let's see if this matches any of your experience you go to somebody's profile they say. I want someone who's uh.

Thrifty uh courageous kind obedient. Thrift. Thrifty. Brave clean and reverent you send them to the.

Boy. Scouts of. America a page right. Okay.

Or woman says. I want a guy who's you know a self starter fit uh good job uh good cook. Has read nii and likes it uh yeah yeah exactly and he must love dogs right. And you look.

At that picture you look. At that photo that that hot picture which is usually five or six years out of date and. I'm being there go you s out that email say hey. I'm courageous.

Court is kind loyal. Thrifty obedient. Brave clean and reverent and. I love dogs let's get together and she goes.

Next was it because of your picture maybe. But let's say she you get. P got past the. First filter here's the problem you just basically sent her the same email every [ __ ] on the planet for the past six months has been sending her.

So you're just like everybody else guess what women don't want everybody else what do they train to sort for what do they train to sort for guys status survival status survival say social status are people with a good sense of humor higher on this usually higher on the social status agenda or lower are they usually more intelligent or. Dumber okay. Now remember you you may be the 20th email she's open that day she's got no. Attention span whatsoever okay.

Unless you're the. Next. Brad. Pit and you're wearing a thong probably not going to do much right.

But if the. First thing she reads makes her laugh. Makes. Her.

Smile guess what she's likely to do with that email she might actually read it because you're interesting when you read a woman's profile and and largely guys are sorting differently. So we're going to get a little bit gender specific when you read a woman's profile and you see that laundry list of someone who's trustworthy who's honest you know loves kids doesn't mind a dog she's lying to you that's not the real list because she left one off fun none of those things matter until the woman experiences fun with you true ladies true not true true thank you thank you very much thank you. Anyway sorry. Elvis was one of my.

Idols. So. I may. I may at some point lapse into a very bad.

Elvis impersonation. I got the belly for it. But. So remember playful playful re playful in most social context leads to.

Charisma it leads to attention. So one of the things you need to begin to cultivate in your life is a sense of outrageousness. But it starts with playful when you go out on a date don't go out in a date with the with the objective of getting laid hello hello and here's why here's the strategy when you take sex off the table and you're playful and you follow the protocols. I'm going to teach you they'll put it back on remember that little information course.

I told you. I created back in 2005 2005. I was also voted one of the top 10 pickup and attraction artists of the. Year by seduction.com and art of approaching because.

W there was lots of reasons. But uh none of it had to do with actually my ability to go out and meet women it was actually my ability to attract and cause them to fall deeply in love with me and make them want to make love to me on the very. First night we were out okay. It's not about going out and putting notches in your belt there's there's lots of people who actually to teach you go out there and meet a woman.

But can you make her want to stay around can you keep her right. When you match a woman's criteria and values when they're experiencing the right. Mix of emotions with you they'll decide remember most of the time as much as we like to think we're. Alpha this and.

Alpha that 60% of all attraction 60% of all meetups or approaches are initiated by women's women's women probably didn't know that did you. I thought. I was the one picking up no. You see they're very sneaky about it an entire woman's life is built on subtlety which is where the problem starts you see men and women both have issues about approaching.

But they're very different you see a woman guys for you you guys you understand this a woman wants you to come and talk to her she does she really does the problem is she's afraid that she's going to get somebody to come up somebody's going to come up and talk to her that she can't get away from [Laughter] why because we're dumb what do. I mean by that very simple. Now ladies you need to understand how the other gender thinks. I love this when.

I have co-ed workshops because. I say something the women laugh and my like huh what. I say something the men laugh and like huh you're both projecting your world maps onto the other gender and making them wrong because they're doing it their way you need to understand how to translate okay. You both want the same thing in fact guys women want sex more than you do amen he's speaking.

Our. Song can. I have an amen brothers and sisters amen yes. We have a different meet up for that [ __ ] though.

But. Anyway. I pred a reptile brain again yeah okay. Here's the thing guys see if this resonates with you you see a woman somewhere and you think she's cute.

I'm going to go talk to her ah [ __ ] she's probably not interested. Anyway okay. What happens we see someone that is attractive to us now remember. I said there's this thing called hypnosis or breast nosis an attractive woman will throw a man into an altered state of consciousness like that okay.

Women also a little bit more control got to know what to look. For because they art is subtle yours ain't that's the problem because you're looking for them to give you the cues you would give if you were turned on by somebody okay. You're looking for them to let you know one way or another if they're attracted or not the way you would let somebody know if you were attracted or not the problem ladies is your shit's too subtle you see you have very. Advanced the average woman has very.

Advanced social skills social awareness when a bunch of women are hanging out and it's time for the conversation to end they all know it the guy's going what the [ __ ]. I'm alone cuz they didn't get it ladies you don't realize they can't perceive what you're sending only women can see what you're sending which is why they never leave because you're not given the training in how to extricate yourself from an interaction that's going south you you have the subtle things that the women do. Then you have this big gap and. Then you have [ __ ] which is usually what the guy proce is what the guy winds up with because they didn't get everything else from your perspective you nailed them with everything.

But the kitchen sink and now you got to reach out and rip out the plumbing to get him to leave or pretend to be interested. So he'll give you his phone number and you can get away right. So your social remediation has to be in in developing a series of less subtle cues that let them know the interaction isn't either is either not going the direction that they would hope or distracts them or deters them in a way that saves their self-esteem see that's the problem most ladies. I know don't want to be a [ __ ] they don't want to be the [ __ ].

But we give don't give them much choice because we don't pick up the signals. So it's partially their fault guys it's their fault. But it's not your fault because your parents can't teach you what they don't know right. So what we want to be and there's a couple of really cool um.

Annie laa is probably one of the better female dating coaches that brings this out um and she talks about you know uh different things that you can say at different levels of the interaction depending on how socially aware and. Adept the uh the person you're dealing with is. But that's the biggest fear guys see it's they do want to meet you. But they're afraid to meet you they're afraid to meet you because they're afraid of getting into an interaction they can't get out of make sense doesn't make sense to us cuz we'll just hit him over the head right.

Someone's bothering us we'll punch them in the nose we'll go home well their socialization is a little bit more subtle than that guys our problems a little bit different okay. And by the way. I'm gonna. I'm on your side guys.

I know. I am here's another problem ladies the social skills that you were taught to attract a man pretty much guarantees that you'll only attract the men that are going to make your life miserable you know why she's not in because she's been in my workshops see by and large we're told we're taught these things called the rules right. We're taught don't make eye contact with people you're attracted to only make eye contact with people you're not right. Play hard to get problem is we don't really understand what that means playing hard to get does not mean unapproachable and here's why that's important how many ladies here one a guy who is all the heroic things they think about.

But is also respecting of your boundaries right. How many people here regularly get approached by people who just don't give a [ __ ] that's what happens when you create that hard to get unapproachable energy all the men who actually would respect your boundaries won't approach you because that's what you're telling them. But the ones who don't care the pickup artists the ones who are trying to be. Alpha the sociopaths the narcissists.

Oh. They'll. Come you like. Gang.

Busters. CU they don't care okay. These are not my words these are what the female dating coaches are teaching me okay. I don't make the rules.

I just report them. I steal from everyone okay. But it's it's. So the question becomes how do we how do we how do we bridge this.

Gap hey guys realize she wants you to come talk to her. But we got to learn to pay attention we got to learn how they think. So we can put ourselves in their place long enough to know what to do when ladies same thing 60% of all approaches are initiated by women 90% of men never realize it you know why because a woman doesn't walk up to you and say and weird part is woman did that to one of most of us guys we' go. I wonder what she meant by [Laughter] that.

But what a woman will do is she will give you an opportunity to engage she will give you an opportunity to approach you're sitting at a bookstore reading your favorite popular mechanic. Sports. Illustrated bikini model. I bikini tradition.

I not that. I do that right. Um that was the test you missed it okay. And what'll happen is you'll be standing there reading your [ __ ] [ __ ] being a technical term secret hypnotic influence techniques and this woman will just kind of go strike one strike two pardon me strike three and he's like yeah.

Miss. Nancy women guys you're on the playground you're 5 years old you're over here playing kickball with your friends. Gaga gires over here doing weird things. Hopscotch playing dress up whatever and.

Then little. Susie little. Susie goes [Music] boys are icky and leaves our hapless hero goes ow she must hate me she walked a 100 yards across a playground to tap you on the shoulder look. You in the eye kick you in the shin and say boys are icky guys you ever been in a room with a woman who really didn't like you you ever notice that the room gets really cold and it feels wherever she's standing there's like a vacuum there it's like you could be standing here she's standing here this woman you don't like and you can feel it's like there's there's this emptiness there right.

Here's what you need to know women do not acknowledge men they do not like they will find a way either physically metaphorically to remove you from their environment oh my. God he read the manual took. Me a little while to figure that out about a year ago anytime you get attention from a woman more often than not it's a test. I call it the shot across the bow she's testing to see if you're going to man up and play if you if you man up and play the game is on you want to see what.

I'm talking about look. At that's about any television show on the planet from. Castle to. Moonlighting okay.

That bickering you see going back and forth that's called. Drama who watches those shows hey why do you think they watch those shows drama the the emotional spikes the ups and downs the playfulness this is where identity comes in because we don't know at four and seven and eight years old what the hell we don't know one of two things happens when little. Susie does this boys are icky the average person goes. I must really suck the natural says well girls suck too and now it's on guess who gets to go to the prom right.

One of the funniest examples of this and. I've been practicing this for myself for a number of years. But. I was with some friends out in uh.

I think it was uh. Ontario. California we went into a mall and. I'm walk.

I walk in and uh this woman. I'm. I'm dressed as a pirate by the way because. I do weird things like that give me some time.

I'll tell you about my. Adventures it's. Captain. Jack the acupuncture it's really quite fun um.

But. I walk in and this woman in the at behind the counter cute girl goes she's just she gives some some cocky ass remark make some weird weird statement you know some just some snarky right. Now the average guy would say [ __ ]. But my.

Twisted. Brain says oo she wants to play cuz she does because she does there's that word again play flirting for. Fun and. Profit is a workshop we do here it's all about does flirting make you feel good even if nothing happens from it yes.

[ __ ] be that person man flirts get a lot of [ __ ] for free cuz they make people feel good about them either because of the way the person is and because of how that person feels about being flirted with now the other problem you got to understand about for for ladies is just like on match.com when they read your email that's the 50th email that said exactly the same freaking thing they've heard for the. Last six months well guess what even a woman who on an attractiveness scale is a three or four gets approached an unreasonable amount of time hell zero get approached in unreasonable amount of time compared to the average guy now you guys get actually a lot uglier than you realize. But a lot more attractive than you can begin to imagine because you can't calibrate attraction you can't tell when a woman's into you unless she does go okay. We're going to work on that we're going to work on that.

First of all both tenders anytime you look. At somebody and they're not stoned you see their pupils go boing they're into you can't hide it okay. And there's all kinds of good science behind it the bigger their pupils get the more attracted they become or are becoming you say something there people goink you better start backpedaling real fast or fix whatever just came out of your mouth all right. You can't hide that body orientations head tilts protruding lower lips all indicators of.

Attraction okay. Different stages of attraction. But there's bigger pictures there's bigger signs that we can start to look. For and this is after we've initiated uh actually approaching.

But one of the things. I want we we got to get we got to get playful we got to realize that when and and you can take this to the bank okay. When a woman does not want your attention she will find a way to avoid it period ladies have the other problem they can't stop having attention from people they don't want because largely the cues you the ladies were taught don't attract the kind of men you want okay. So both sides are dealing with some interesting issues.

But if we put ourselves in the other person's the other gender shoes for just a moment we can begin to build ways to to cross that divide. I can't do it in a two-hour lecture. I can't do it in a two-hour. Workshop.

But. I can begin to make you aware. I can give you opportunities. I'm going to take you as far as.

I can tonight in the time that we have. I'll show you where to go for more to that to that extent we're going to take a 7 minute break. So everybody can use the restroom drink lots of coffee eat lots of chocolate. But a couple of things.

I have a free gift tonight for anybody that uh. I didn't give you my pedigree. So one of the things. I need you to understand is we're going to talk about identity tonight we're going to talk about the seven stages of.

Attraction and how to recognize it because that's the biggest the biggest stumbling block. I see um. But my normal rates. I.

I deal with everything from how to lose weight which is not a big big draw in my clinic. But. I deal with everything from ocds depression trauma success and persuasion coaching um my specialty in the clinic is in salana beach is dealing with uh physiological illness that has as its root repressed emotion. I don't get weird things like smoke cessation and weight loss.

I get all the really cool stuff like hysterical paralysis and. I have a few people who've been in here who've actually been through some of my very very rapid change processes and you can talk to. John and you can talk to uh what's her name. Cynthia over there and a few other people.

But everybody here tonight as my gift to you for coming out tonight for being in this very hot room. God give you guys a big round of applause for coming out here tonight because. I. I'm grateful for all of you every one of you every one of you tonight gets a free 30-minute consultation with me maybe you just want to maybe you just want to talk and and and pick my brain for 30 minutes maybe you have some stuff that you think.

I could help you with okay. I've help. I've. I've helped everything from.

Asbergers to uh to social phobias to rape trauma. PTSD and all points in between if you got some something that's blocking you something that's holding you back. I can probably help you. I don't promise to fix your problem.

But. I do promise to find out if the possibility exists that what. I do is a fit for you. So everybody gets a free 30-minute consultation all you got to do is see candy my lovely office manager and my daughter.

Tracy who's hiding somewhere uh and they will get you scheduled because we're we're pre-booked. But they will get you on the schedule there is no. Obligation it's it's my gift for for and my way of saying thank you for coming out we also have a three-day. Workshop which we're going to.

I'll talk about. Later uh on going into the full system of. Attraction relating and mating that. I'm pulling bits and pieces from uh.

Cynthia has been through it. I don't see anybody else here that was through it um did you come to. Real. World.

Romance. H me or was that did you just come to the body language stuff body language body language okay. U. So there's a few people who've been to some of my workshops feel free to pick their brains let's take a s minute break we'll come back.

I'm going to get into the seven stages.
