Title: Reprogram Your Subconscious Mind
File Name: ZavVOhIljn8.txt
Video Id: ZavVOhIljn8
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZavVOhIljn8

Hello hello hello everyone this is. Dr. David. Snider checking in with you welcome to secrets of how to reprogram your subconscious mind for.

Success health wealth and happiness for the. Next two and a half to three hours. I'm going to be your guide your teacher your. Menor over some of the most powerful and and.

Rapid ways to create permanent powerful change inside your mind body and soul um that. I've ever come across that. I've been using clinically for many many years um many of you are joining us from many different platforms we're actually um using a new raming platform. So many of you are joining us through uh.

Tik. Tok. Or joining us through. YouTube or.

Facebook. Or. LinkedIn. So.

I want to welcome you all to. Planet. David this may be your. First time actually uh seeing us do these things in action uh before we get into the content of tonight's webinar.

I want to go through some basic administrative things. So that we all are on the same page and that you can get the greatest amount of value uh from tonight's training. First of all my webinars are don't follow a standard webinar format they're what call a free. I call it a free form webinar.

So we divide the webinar into three parts the. First part is all about foundations things that you absolutely must have and need to understand to be able to actually deploy and and create change in you these are to me they're just they're. Advanced for a lot of people in our world we we take them as just. Basics uh.

But. Basics are basics for a reason because they always work now the best part about the content of tonight's webinar is you don't have to believe a damn thing. I'm going to teach you you don't have to believe uh you don't have to believe you deserve to have it what needs to happen though is you need to embrace a few basic ideas the. First and foremost is we've taken a lot of time to distill the technology that we're going to be sharing with you down to mechanics in other words if you just follow the steps and you add the ingredients you're going to get change the one thing.

I can't predict is interval or degree. But you will get change you don't have to believe it you just have to have a fun playful explorational attitude and do the drills and you'll experience the results we're going to teach you how to tap into and unleash the magic of your own autonomic nervous system for powerful rapid and usually permanent change okay. But again if this is the scope of everything that there is to train and learn and practice tonight we have time for this okay. And.

So my promise to you tonight once. I get through all the administrative things and and and all the little foundational things is. I will take you as far down this. Rabbit.

Hole of personal transformation and change as. I can in the time that we have and. I will point you in the direction of where to go to level up your skills and take your training to the. Next level now one of the things that.

I want to warn you about my webinars tend to go a bit long right. Um. I know you maybe you're used to the 90 minute webinar where you log in and the person teases you for the. First hour and.

Then spends the 30d the. Last 30 minutes of the webinar pitching you on their. Next product yeah yes. There is an offer connected to this webinar.

But it's not about the offer it's about you it's about what you want what you deserve and giving you the tools that you need that you can prove to yourself right. Away and go out into the world and make change. So that's why. I really really really want to stress that you will get the most out of this webinar if you actually do the drills right.

Along with us okay. Because if. I tell you about something. I kind of get you excited.

But if. I guide you through a set of experiences. I've changed you in a way that you can't go back to being the old way again at least not without feeling really bad about it okay. So my my my challenge for you tonight is have fun be playful be very interactive with tonight's webinar the more interactive you are the more juice you're going to get from it okay.

My job tonight is to take you from from. Zero to. Hero to teach you how to how to tap into the power of your own mind and body to give you foundations and principles that you can start using right. Away solid real world hardcore actionable stuff that you can take out and just start reprogramming your mind for more.

Health more wealth more success more happiness we're going to go through all the basic you know hoops and things that we would normally do in a webinar. But. I want to just really really quickly get these things out. So.

First and foremost this is an an interactive webinar. I as a as a trainer as a teacher. I thrive on feedback. So the more interaction you give me the more juice you're going to get out of me right.

So if you're with me type. I got that in the chat okay. I want to. I want to welcome our folks on who are joining us through our.

YouTube channel if you are joining us through uh the. Youtube channel please keep in mind that your chat is in real time okay. But when. I answer a question or.

I respond to something not through the chat there's going to be a delay there's just there's just just how it is okay. So to get the most out of tonight's webinar you're gonna need something to physically write with something to physically write on okay. Now. I know a lot of you like to do keyboard stuff and.

I get that. But one of the things that. I have learned through my many years of study and practice is that the more analog uh we make the training in other words if. I have to compare the results to your nervous system and your brain from typing something on a keyboard versus physically writing it out.

I guarante to you you're going to get a deeper brain activation by physically writing these things out than you will by typing on a keyboard okay. In fact there's whole systems of change and transformation that have just by changing the characteristics of your handwriting you can literally backwards engineer your be your personality traits to be more successful more confident more enthusiastic you can remove laziness and deception all these other things it's really cool it takes time it takes to physically doing the drills. So uh. I'm going to go as fast as.

I can through part one of the webinar part one of the webinar is all about foundations we're going to give you the the. Nuts and. Bolts real world experiences that you need to be able to move forward with your life that's that's part one part two we're going to transition into how to level up those skills programs that we've created for you that allow you to build on the foundations you're getting and keep going part three that usually takes about uh 30 40 minutes maybe right. You're going to want to stay on to the end of the webinar because there's a part three to our webinar tonight and part three is where things get really cool part three is where we take all of the foundations that we've laid all the questions and all the things you told me you wanted to learn about as a group and we customize the content of tonight's webinar to focus on the thing the exact applications that you as a group want to actually practice and be able to use does that make sense you guys understand part one part two and part three of the webinar if you're with me if you understand that type.

I understand that. I got it in the in the in the chats perfect perfect perfect perfect you're gonna have questions. I get that. I know.

I'm talking really fast it's because. I have a lot of information that. I want to get through and get into you uh. So you can start having and experiencing change um.

So one of the things that um. I want you to do is. I want you to know that. I am very very open.

I love questions probably one of the most frustrating and exciting things about all of our. Live. Events and all of our masterminds and amas and things of that is the fact that. I will take just about any question that people ask and if.

I don't know the answer. I'll tell you if. I do know the answer. I'll tell you that and we'll drill it the problem when you're on a webinar where people's time is valuable and they're coming for a specific set of applications sometimes the questions.

I get asked aren't directly relevant to the content of tonight's webinar. So there's three ways that you can get your questions answered tonight the. First one is type it in the chat right. If it's relevant to where we are in the webinar.

I'll answer it if. I see it now there's a lot of people there people come in and out all the time right. If. I see your question and it's relevant.

I will answer it otherwise. I will probably just see it and and just keep talking and training because it's going to take us down a rabbit hole that's going to slow us down from getting the results that we want okay. The. Second way that you can if uh my veterans if you're brand new to.

Planet. David type new in the chat where you're checking in from uh and just type. First time. So people know if you're a veteran of.

Planet. David type in a veteran how long you've been in. Planet. David and where your your name and where you're checking in from that way the people who are brand new can see the people who've been around for a while and for you guys who are veterans it's all about paying it forward if you see a question that is asked by one of the new people right.

And it's a question that you have direct experience solving using our. Technologies. I invite you to reach out to that person in a way that doesn't distract or take too much information too much attention away from the webinar and tell them about your experience and how you used our. Technologies to solve it you know one of the things that whenever you get on a webinar there's always an offer and there's always this bias in the back of people's minds well of course he's going to tell me how good his stuff is.

I don't want you to believe me. I want you to believe the people in the chat. I want you to believe the people who' been using this material out in the real world on real problems for many cases for years okay. I have a very low tolerance for right.

Um and. I don't have time. I don't waste time on low percentage technique 99% of the things. I'm sharing with you tonight.

I did not design for the public at large. I designed them for me. I had problems and challenges in my life uh starting with being lied to socially awkward bigger around than. I was tall constantly bullied constantly picked on right.

I was about as successful as women as uh slepr. Rock on the old. Pebbles and bamb. Bam show okay.

And. I was desperate. I was. I was obsessed with finding solutions to my life's problems turns out along the way.

I found some good stuff and. I started using it and. I ran into a lot of people who had similar problems and. I taught them some of this stuff and they started getting results too.

But. I'm not going to you. I didn't create this stuff for you initially right. I created it for me and as it started to get me more and more the results that.

I wanted more and more people started raising their hand and. I started sharing these things and it's all about helping each other right. There's we live in as in spite of the the craziness that's going on in the world we live in an abundant. Universe the problem is is we don't understand the.

Dynamics of how that abundance flows and it's all mediated through the prism of your autonomic nervous system and your unconscious mind and that's what the core of tonight's webinar is really about this the core of tonight's webinar is about how do you tap in and change the the settings and the parameters and the filters in your own nervous system that allows you to remove and dissolve limiting beliefs get over self-sabotage overcome fear and anger and hate and envy and all these things that poison us on a. Psychic. Spiritual or physical level right. That's where we're going tonight.

Health self success wealth and happiness right. Now. I'm gonna. I'm going to caution you about happiness happiness is an end.

State happiness is if you've ever heard the expression uh. Comfort zones are wonderful things. But nothing ever grows there that's the challenge with happiness you know you can actually tap into any emotional state that you want. But what does that what result is that state that you're going for actually producing in your life if it isn't producing a tangible practical result.

Then it's not as useful as you might think right. We're going to talk about we're going to explode the myth of confidence tonight and why you don't need to be confident to be successful okay. And why in many cases the myth of confidence is what holds people back okay. That being said.

I'm going to give you my standard disclaimer. I'm going to give you a little bit of my background and we're going to get into the the bulk of tonight's webinar. I'm gonna try and minimize um my. PowerPoint as much as.

I can reason being is that um it's it's it's a lot of. I most people are are you ever heard the ter. Death by. PowerPoint right.

Some people go into trance when they see uh a. PowerPoint and that's cool and where it's where it's appropriate to do that um. I'm going to do that. But.

I find that being able to just look. You guys in the face and having you. I can see you guys yes. I can see you n enina um.

So. First thing said if. Politically. Incorrect language colorful metaphor swearing or the word boobies offend you this is probably not the best use of your.

Next two or three hours my intention is never to offend anyone. But it is to provoke people and one of the reasons that provocation is. So very important is we need to think about provocative thoughts and words differently than we the media has conditioned us to do it you have a right. To be offended you have a right.

To offend right. You don't have a right. To physically assault people. But one of the things that we as um self- cultivating self-actualizing human beings need to become aware of is that anything that provokes a very strong over-the-top emotional response in.

US positive or negative is a sign of a program running below the threshold of conscious awareness that is holding us back that is limiting. Us in certain ways okay. Our goal is to move through the world in a constant state of flow and. Optimal.

Performance you can't do that when you're being buffeted and and triggered by every word or. Nuance or message that your your neurology uh encounters. So one of the things that you as self-actualizing people must learn to do and this is really important is you you need to learn to run as vigorously and enthusiastically towards the things that make you want to run away or lash out as you do towards the things that make you feel happy joyful and pleasurable does that make sense even if it doesn't it will start to make more sense by the end of tonight's webinar okay. Okay.

So. I'm seeing some chat some stuff here about being able to see me or not see me okay. Is that something. I need to address okay.

All right. So like. I said if this is the scope of everything there is to learn we got time for this we have our veterans we have our new people. I want to welcome you all now here's the thing when you saw the the um the promotions for tonight's class and.

I really believe that. I really teach these things as classes. I really want you to think of me as your mentor and your guide at whatever level you're comfortable with interacting with me um when when we promoted this webinar we talked about how to reprogram yourself subconscious mind. I want to take you as far down that rabbit hole as.

I can if this is the scope of everything this is what we got. But even this can make dramatic and profound changes in your life if you simply follow the instructions now just as a show of hands um are you guys in the actual right. Place well let me ask you a question if you can answer a yes. To any of these questions.

Then you are in the right. Place how many of you by a show of hands would like to be more attractive to the opposite sex anybody maybe make them find you charming fascinating and irresist guess where the keys to doing that are it's in your autonomic nervous system if you'd like to banish fear and insecurity from your life and radiate confidence assertiveness and power and be truly do uh assertive and. Alpha if you like that term whether you're male or female. I don't care or if you if you don't identify as either.

But you still want to be dominant more confident more outgoing if you want that type that's for me in the chat right. If you would like to make more money from your job book. More clients for your business get that razor promotion that you deserve type that's for me in the chat right. Even if you don't think you deserve it.

But you would like to deserve it type that's for me in the chat because a lot of us want those things. But we don't think we deserve it right. I'm going to show you how to start deserving those things okay. Now the best part is whether you think you deserve it or you don't these techniques will still start to work they will start to provoke you in certain ways and that's one of the things that's why.

I talked about provocation. First because we're going to teach you something that the. Law of. Attraction people didn't tell you about we're going to teach you something that the people trying to teach you affirmations didn't tell you about and if you just understand this one simple principle you'll be able to streamline all of your your self-programming reprogram your subconscious mind and really move forward with a new sense of love and deserving for yourself in the world around you okay.

Um if you'd like to program yourself for massive. Financial abundance with more than enough money to buy the things you want and. Then some especially in this economy you want to type yes. In the chat right.

Now if you'd like to be able to cause anyone you meet to like admire and trust you maybe even love you sometimes in as little as 20 minutes go ahead and type that in the chat right. If you'd like to nail two or three job interviews in a row right. Even if you don't qualify for the job if you'd like to have them offering you the job now. I don't recommend you use this to lie to people if you definitely if you can't do the job don't do the processes right.

But if you'd like that kind of flexibility and freedom in your in your professional life you want to stay on tonight's webinar if you'd like to be able to inspire your employees children spouse houses to do what you want them to do when you want them to do it this is a big one in my family my kids do what. I want. But not always when. I want them to do it right.

If you uh this is a place where you want to hang out if you'd like to attract and surround yourself with lots of new trustworthy and loyal friends operative word being trustworthy and loyal might want to hang out for through the entire webinar if you'd like to easily know how to put people under your spell just by talking to them even if you have zero knowledge of. NLP or hypnosis or behavioral analysis or whatever you might want to hang out for tonight's webinar okay. So the question becomes um who's this guy in the vest and why the hell is he talking to me to begin with well. First of all for those of you who are just checking in my name is.

Dr. David. Snider and for the. Last 17 years.

I've had a clinical practice here in salana. Beach. California where my focus has been treating physiological illness caused by repressed emotion now. I'm uh will talk about my.

NLP and my hypnosis credentials just a moment. But. I am an actual doctor of orona medicine. I have my doctorate from.

Pacific. College of oron. Medicine my focus has been treating psychoemotional illness in other words people come in with cancer or. Parkinson's or.

COPD or. IBS and we unpack those physical. REM those physical maladies and we find the emotional causes right. And one of the cool one the most interesting and perhaps disturbing things you know how many people are interested in law of attraction just by a show of hands anybody just type that to me in the chat okay.

Perfect some of you guys are way better at zoom and and and raising your hands and like that than. I am here's one of the things. I discover. Law of.

Attraction works. I spent 17 years fixing the byproduct of people's negative manifestations we call it disease. So what if we could harness those same skills that they use to create disease to create something better and what if we could do it really consistently and really permanently over time would that be something that would be helpful can we would that be would that change your life if you could just get aches and pains and fears and all those other things yes. Or yes.

As what's the guy's name t harveer would say is that yes. Or yes. Excellent okay. Perfect um.

So for the. Last four years my program killer influence has been ranked the number one. NLP training program in the world by global gurus. org. I've been the top one of the top two.

NLP trainers in the world since uh like 2016 or 20 2017 17 okay. I've authored over 15 different products on various forms of human influence everything from hypnotherapy to conversational hypnosis persuasion conversational belief change storytelling and metaphor uh therapeutic hypnosis and conversational hypnotic training vibrational influence vibrational healing we run the full spectrum. I teach people how to face read and decode human behavior. I thought if you go to the website you'll see over 50 different products on various forms of influence and understanding people.

So. I've been doing a long time and every single aspect of it. I learn to make my life better and because of that. I'm going to help you guys to make your lives better if that's something that you want you guys want my help to make your lives better if you if you do type yes.

In the chat. I know it sounds like a stupid question. But you'd be amazed say. I'm just here to take up space.

I'm it's here because. I'm a tourist right. I only want to talk to people who are actually ready to make a change right. Because there's two ingredients there's two ingredients that all successful people have to have in place would you like to know what those two ingredients are yes.

Or yes. Okay. Might want to write this down it is on my. PowerPoint.

But like. I said. I don't really want to use a. PowerPoint tonight for some reason.

I just feel like. I have a better connection to you if. I'm just talking to you straight would that is that true for you or not true okay. Perfect okay.

Because if you guys want the. PowerPoint. I'm happy to throw that up there it takes a lot of stress off me right. Okay.

So here's the two things you need here's the two things you need you need a sense of identity a sense of self that allows you to take the actions you need to become the person you want to be now if you ever listen to guys like um um. John asseraf or um. I think. I think.

Zig zaor talked a lot about this as well some of the other self-help people. Nathan. Nathaniel. Brandon's another one right.

You can't out earn your self-image well that's not exactly true. But it's true enough to be true for most people who don't have the techniques to circumvent those limiting beliefs. I'm going to show you some techniques tonight that will help you circumvent the living belce now notice. I didn't say get rid of them we have techniques for that too.

But sometimes it's enough to just circumvent the limiting belief to get forward moment and moving forward and that gives us that brings us to the. Next ingredient the. First one is an identity a sense of self that is willing to be the person who can have those things a lot of our transformation work a lot of our um alchemical work for lack of a better word manifestation is about becoming that person and a lot of teachers will give you little drills or journaling or other things um to facilitate that. But.

Then they leave out the. Next part and this is the one that is going to screw the most people up for those of you who want to see this on a. PowerPoint. I'll throw up one of my.

OneNote slides in a minute um. So you can kind of look. At it right. But the.

First one is identity we're going to talk about the building blocks of identity and what that actually means to us the. Second one is action for every change you make on the inside of your mind for every change that you make you must match it with an appropriate action in the physical world you have to take steps okay. I've. I've literally been on forums and this is over many years of watching people in the hypnosis.

World they they they do all this mental programming they do all these things like they want to go out and get a new job and they'll do like their vision boards and they'll do affirmations and. Then they'll just sit by the phone and wait for it to ring or wait for an employer through some mysterious twist of fate to email them out of the blue and say hey do you want a job. I've literally seen this happen on. Bull and.

Boards. I'm not saying everybody's that way. But a lot of the things that were taught in terms of how to reprogram our subconscious mind or in the. Law of.

Attraction space they downplay the need to take physical steps in the world you must move forward and take actions right. Now there's a couple of reasons why people don't move forward and. I make a joke in my hypnosis class right. U.

I said there's two reasons people don't follow your suggestions they don't want to or they don't want to and. I get a little chuckle from the group and um and. Then. I have to explain that there's two reasons that people don't take a suggestion in hypnosis they either don't understand what you're asking them to do or they're afraid that's it they don't understand or they're afraid now how does that relate to reprogramming your unconscious mind for.

Success health wealth and happiness there's two primary reasons that people don't take action a they they don't it's a mindset issue in other words there's a belief or a fear or an experience that's a program that's running that says. Brad. Jones says or you annoy them what's that what's going on in my chat here you guys trying to distract me okay. Okay.

So they they either have a mindset issue they have a program that's running that says. I can't do this. I don't deserve it if. I change too much.

I'll be. I'll be somebody. I don't like these are all mindset issues okay. And when those when those programs go into operation they they don't take the action they don't get the result or they take a half-hearted action and get a half-ass result okay.

The other is a skill set issue what does that mean it means they know where to go they know what to do or actually they they're they're excited they're passionate they're. Enthusiast they would take action yesterday if someone would just give them a. First step or even a. Second or.

Third step right. But they don't know what to do they don't know where to go that's a knowledge deficit that's a skill set issue okay. Most people's barers to success aren't all 100% cut and dry. But when you look.

At and you break down what's holding people back they all fall. F fall under one or two of both of those categories. So one of the challenges that we're going to be focusing on tonight one of the things we're going to start working about how to get past is how do we. Define for ourselves if what we have is a skill set issue or a mindset issue does that make sense okay.

So right. Now type your questions about what. I just said in your chat. So.

I know where you're at with me okay. Go ahead and do that no. Questions yet okay. Skill set or mindset okay.

So uh many many years ago. I had the opportunity to train uh with a company called. Combined. Insurance that was founded by a man named.

W. Clem. Stone how many of you people here have ever heard of w. Clement.

Stone anybody okay. You may not have heard of w. Clement. Stone.

But youve probably heard of the guy he sponsored for many many years his name was. Napoleon. Hill and. W.

Clement. Stone created a program called the success system that never fails and it was literally. T to his door-to-door salesman and and if you actually work this system it was impossible not to sell things right. But he was big on um mastering this the biggest.

Territory between your ears. So what he would talk about is something called the three ingredients to success these are a little bit different than what. I just talked about. But if you really pay attention to what.

I'm about to tell you you'll see the two. I'm talking about identity and. U action embedded in there the. First one was called inspiration to action in other words there was a desire something you wanted something that inspired you to take action there was activity knowledge what's activity knowledge activity knowledge is the theoretical skill sets or steps that you need to take to accomplish something okay.

And. Then there's what we call knowhow. KN how was the actual practical way that you actually do something out in the real world right. So in inspiration to action am.

I somebody who wants something is there something do. I deserve to have it am. I allowed to go get it in my own mind do. I have if my friend chase us like to say do.

I have permission in my own mind to go and do those things right. That's inspiration to action activity knowledge and knowhow do. I have the skills do. I know the theory behind what.

I'm doing what my outcome is where. I need to go what the steps. I need to take and do. I have the physical skills to implement that strategy do.

I have the physical skills to implement that strategy all of our. Advanced programs and webinar packages are designed to give you the system that's not what tonight's webinar is about though tonight's webinar is about giving you knoow it's about giving you simple clear actionable techniques that you can just start putting to work right. Away drawn from the system that you can start seeing how each piece is like a a nuclear bomb changing things inside of you and when you put the whole system together you get this amazing strategy and a way to implement going forward. So are you guys with me on that that's where.

I want to take you guys tonight type it in the chat okay. So let's talk about identity for a moment identity is about belief systems okay. It is about self-esteem and self-image yes. But those are actually beliefs.

I'm going to go to my. PowerPoint here um because it's important to visualize this one. Second. I'm actually jumping around my.

PowerPoint which is why um actually need is it on my. PowerPoint or is it on my my one it's actually not on my. PowerPoint it's on my one not screen sorry for misleading you that way all right. Here we go all right.

All right. What you're seeing here in. NLP and hypnosis is what we call the hierarchy of beliefs now if you're a student of the. Law of.

Attraction you'll often hear people say you'll attract things into your life that are in harmony with your dominant thoughts okay. The problem is is that they don't actually tell you what your dominant thoughts actually are one of the things that the dominant thoughts are the the unconscious programs running below the threshold of of conscious awareness okay. Um pardon my pardon my typos because as you can see this is live. So.

Anyway below the threshold of conscious awareness what is what does that actually mean it means you have two kinds of beliefs two kinds of thoughts you have thoughts that you know about thoughts that you know about and thoughts you do not it's the thoughts you don't know about the beliefs you don't know about that will actually hold you back now in order for you to discover the real truth behind those beliefs you don't know about you have to provoke them. I me to say that again in order for you to unlock the beliefs you don't know about you have to provoke them how do we do that how do we start finding the secret barriers to. Our. Success that are keeping us from doing the.

Next thing in the success formula which is what taking action right. What are the mindset issues that we have what are the skill set issues that we have right. For those of you who um uh request it by email. I'll.

I'll make a little. I'll make a little uh. PDF of some of these notes for you and you can actually have them for yourself. So the.

First thing. I want us to play with is. I want us to start looking at identity and and how we begin to hack our identity skills and hack our belief systems to create an identity or a person that can in fact have the. S the the life that we want the way that we want is is that a good place to start type in the chat if you think that's a good place to start okay.

So. First thing. I want to do is. I want to talk about a success formula that.

I teach all of my students this is called the universal persuasion protocol now we'll talk a little bit more about this uh in other webinars um after you start going through your package there'll be a whole training on this. Universal persuasion protocol. But there's two steps actually three in that. Universal persuasion protocol that translate directly into success in the world and in your own mind and body.

So the. First one is know your outcome know your outcome you got to know what it is you want. So on the piece of paper. I asked you to get earlier when you saw the advertisement for tonight's training there was something wanted to do or be able to do as a byproduct of tonight's training is that true or not true if that's true type it in the chat okay.

I want you to take a moment in whatever when you started to think about that there was a certain way that your your neurology phrased it to you okay. I want you to physically write that down on a piece of paper right. Now when you've done that write done or type done in the chat type done in the chat cool excellent now let's make sure it's the right. Thing.

I want you to read it three. First of all scan your body notice how your body feels right. Now now read that sentence out loud three times and tell me what happens in your body tell me what feelings come up in your body just type it in the chat question mark okay. Did you get a good feeling a not good feeling did you have desire did it fear come up confusion came up okay.

My throat got tight what was the question sorry read the. I just asked you to write a statement and. I want you to notice what happened okay. Beautiful.

Rebecca was the emotion a positive emotion a negative emotion or both notice what. I said positive emotion negative emotion or both positive excellent all right. How many was it primarily positive it's primarily or all positive type all positive in the chat if it was all negative type all negative in the chat if it was a mixture type a percentage like what ratio was it 60 40 20 70 or 20 80 questioning positive okay. All negative okay.

Congratulations you just discovered some of the thoughts and beliefs you didn't know you had okay. Now if it was all positive great we can just go on with the. Next phase. But here's the thing for those of you who had any kind of a split this is something that you need to understand if you're going to reprogram your own mind and body your neurology creates lessons and beliefs about experiences okay.

And even when it and the only time that you become aware of those programs running below the threshold of your conscious awareness is when someone like me comes along and asks you to go for something you want. But you haven't been able to get right. When you think about something you really want ideally it should fill you with desire and joy right. But all of a sudden all these other things come up right.

It's because that your neurology has attached limiters little programs and subroutines to that desire to that outcome that are keeping you from getting it now before we start vilifying our our nervous system and saying oh my. I can't trust my own subconscious remember this and this is important every single thing that you're unconscious mind is creating in your mind and body know this is hard to believe. But it's true every feeling even all the icky nasty broken feelings you're carrying around your neurology created those things to protect you or do something positive for you okay. Your neurology wants to survive and move your genes forward right.

That's that's its job it's it's primary goal is to keep you safe and to keep you alive notice. I didn't say happy notice. I didn't say necessarily. Successful by your conscious mind's expectations right.

Its primary goal is to keep you alive. But for most of us we want to do more than just survive true or not true true or not true okay. So if you want something different you have to think differently and you have to do things differently you need an identity that supports it you need to be willing to take the actions no. Matter how scary or challenging they may need to be to get a different life right.

You guys all heard the old the old the old joke what's the definition of insanity right. Doing the same thing a thousand times and expecting a different result okay. So why am. I telling you this because as we go through tonight's webinar.

I'm going to be provoking a lot of limiting beliefs are going to come up understand that that's normal it's supposed to happen when a nervous system is trying to keep you the same let me repeat that everything your nervous system has done has worked to get you to this level of your life and as far as your nervous system is concerned it considers that a win consciously you may have very different ideas about those results. So here's the thing. I'm gonna. I'm gonna.

I'm gonna give you this little message. I'm. G to tell you a story from my life and. Then.

I'm. GNA challenge you to learn the lesson and take the appropriate actions if you want a different life you have to take a different action for the. First 33 years of my life. I avoided.

College like the plague um. I did everything that. I could to prove that. I was smart enough good enough um successful enough and.

I had some very successful businesses. I've been. I was a martial artist for many years. I ran many several martial arts schools um.

But because when. I was a teenager and. I went into a the admissions office of a of a college here one of the guys behind the desk who was wearing a priest collar told me led me to believe. I wasn't good enough that.

I. I wasn't going to be uh talented or smart or successful and. I believed them for many years. So.

I didn't start college till. I was 33 years old and. I could go. I could you heard some of my story.

But some of it you haven't. But one of the things happened to me when. I. I had a very wonderful woman literally dragged me by the ear into the admissions office of one of local colleges in.

Oklahoma. City and by some miracle. I got in right. In fact.

I scored really well. But. I realized something that. First semester.

I realized something that if. I wanted the. Next 33 years of my life because that's when. I started 33 if.

I wanted the. Next 33 years of my life to be different. I had to be different now prior to 33 years of age if you'd have looked if you'd have gone to the dictionary and looked up introvert non-joiner. Rebel.

Without a clue loner into into your. Wikipedia or your your your software my picture would have come up. I was the biggest introvert loaner ex you know. I was.

I did. I would didn't join anything if it wasn't martial arts or pressure points or how to pick up girls or whatever. I really wasn't interested. I didn't go to parties.

I didn't go to to clubs. I. I was not that guy. But.

I realized walking into that campus that. First maybe it was the. First week. I realized something especially after the.

First semester that if. I wanted a different life. I was going to have to do something different and it terrified me it scared my brain generated all these reasons why. I shouldn't be doing it it's going to take too long it's too much energy it's too much money uh what if they don't like you what if it doesn't work what if blah blah blah blah blah.

I. I bring this up because you're going to have those thoughts in some way as we go through tonight's webinar understand and recognize them for what they are your neurology attempts to keep you the same it's not doing it out of maliciousness it's not doing it because it wants to hurt you it's doing it because everything that has gotten you to this point it thinks of as being successful because you're alive how many of you want to be more than just alive anybody how many people want to actually have a life the way they want it true not true okay. I'm warning you ahead of time because it's going to happen oh. I should have.

I think. I told you. Politically. Incorrect language colorful metaphor swearing or the word boobies offend you probably not the best place for you right.

Okay. So tonight. I'm going to challenge you. I'm gonna ask you to do things that are going to terrify you.

I'm gonna ask you to be to do something different. So you can have something different now some of you you're going to go for it others you're not ready it's okay. My experience has been clinically 17 years shoveling other people's if. I lovingly call myself a special kind of stupid that people don't change until they've suffered enough how many of you are tired of suffering anybody type it in chat okay.

So let's close. Some. Loops type it in good. I want to see that this is this is is the this is the sauce okay.

When you when you spoke those words that you wrote down into out loud it provoked the negative programs that are keeping you the same it provoked the negative belief systems connected to keeping you from getting the things that you want that's why. I did it. But it's also because the things that came out of your mouth are the things your heart truly desires to feel happy and fulfilled okay. In other trainings you'll hear me refer to this process called the emotional motivation checklist the building blocks of your identity are your belief systems one of the primary and strongest building blocks of your belief system is your core values okay.

You have a a set of think of your think of your brain like a three-part form on the internet it has a checklist things you check check boxes that you check off when those boxes get checked off your body generates a feeling and you have a name for that feeling you guys with me. So far. So you have a checklist a body feeling and a name for that body feeling okay. I'm not going to get any more complicated than that.

But it's important because when you tap into to those values depending on how you do it your nervous system will either throw up blocks or energy in other words it'll give you access to energy that it's been holding in reserve okay. Sometimes as some of you discovered you get both and that's cool why because how many of you realize that you know exactly where the positive feelings in your body were yes. Or yes. And you also know exactly where the.

Noto positive feelings were true or not true okay. Here's the magic it's. So true we even put it on a poster if you can point to where you feel those things you can change them okay. There's a whole system of science behind why this works and how this works you don't need to know that you just need to know that if.

I can isolate the feeling. I want to change and. I can point to it. I can change it now.

First bonus of the night you've learned how to provoke you've learned about emotions you've learned about identity and action. Victoria says if you can point to where you feel something you can heal it 1,000% now some people are really dissociated from their uh their issues and you'll ask them to point to it and they'll. Point outside of themselves doesn't matter if they can point to it it they can change it okay. Oh just to close a loop really quick because of that decision.

I made to do something different by the time. I went. I moved from. Oklahoma to.

California. I had graduated from. Oklahoma. State.

University with honors. I was the editor of the cowboy newspaper. I was the regional president of f feta. Kappa which is the.

National. Honor. Society for twoyear colleges. I was the only work study with his own office.

I was on. Full. Ride scholarships through the entire um uh. College undergraduate career.

I was put in the honors program and. I didn't even apply for it okay. I was appointed. Regional president of the feta.

Kappa organization over. Arkansas and. Oklahoma. City and.

Oklahoma which is an elected position okay. They literally nominated me and just gave me the position okay. I was hired by my college to work in the recruiting office okay. That's just what one decision.

I graduated with a 4.0. I was nominated to the. Oklahoma. All.

State academic team okay. Lots and. I actually ran for international president of f feta cap if you go go back over the archives you may find me on stage or seeing my my little interviews my point is guys. I was terrified of all of it.

I came up with all kinds of reasons why. I shouldn't do it and you know what they were all they were they were programs and tapes and limiting beliefs that my nervous system was playing because transformation is stressful transformation means going into an unknown territory and your neurology has a bias it will happily lavish in the uncomfort it knows versus the uncomfortability of something that's potentially better. I didn't. I didn't design the system.

I'm just reporting to you how it work you can believe me or not it's not going to change my life one bit. But it sure as hell could change yours okay. So. I taught you something a skill without you even realizing it and that is how to provoke and recognize and locate the sematic address the sematic.

Loc of where all of these limiting beliefs and things are stored okay. One of the things that that. I learned in my. Systema training.

I have a. I've been a career martial artist one of the things that. Systema taught us better than anything else was how to become aware of putting stress on the body and the tapes and programs that run whenever your body doesn't want to change okay. Now.

I know it's getting kind of negative and how to provoke think of something you want notice where the body feeling are notice where the positive feelings are notice where the negative feelings are and point to it once you can point to it now you can unpack it once you can unpack it you can change it. So by a show of hands in the chat on a more positive note how many of you would like to be up to 30% better 33 31% better at everything anybody okay. Here's how you do it take everything. I'm teaching you and move through the world in a fun playful outgoing easygoing attitude and you will actually be up to 31% more perceptive more creative more adaptable more behaviorally flexible and you'll become up to 31% more charismatic persuasive and influential anybody here what would happen in your life if 30% more people found you likable trustworthy and um attractive what would happen would that make a change in your life what if 30 up to 31% more people told you yes.

To your requests to your instructions to your directions here's this. First hack just be playful be funloving be explorational be easygoing this statistic comes from the behavioral analysis division of the. FBI specifically in context of. Hostage negotiation they discovered that when the hostage negotiator was more explorational laidback easygoing he was up to 31% better at everything he was doing 31% better not only that his counterpart the hostage taker the bad guy was up to 31% more compliant now think about that for a moment this is not like just getting your kids to take out the trash this is somebody who's going to put a bullet in somebody else if his demands aren't met he's not in a happy place right.

He's under a high stress situation and just by being more explorational more relaxed more. Curious that person became 31 up to 31% more compliant and willing to do what this negotiator was asking him to do do you think it might translate to the real world or to uh to your applications that's how you begin the process of powerful change if you can wrap a playful curious explorational energy around everything that we're doing even the most heinous you can think of you're going to be amazed at what your nervous system can do and what it's capable of. So there's three things in the the universal persuasion protocol that you have to understand you have to have an outcome you have to know what you want that's what you did when you wrote down what you wanted to get as a byproduct of tonight training that's what you did you wrote down your outcome what do you want to be able to do all right. The.

Second is you got to control your state what. State. Should you be in well that depends on what state you're in currently right. So there's two aspects to that a do.

I feel like. I deserve to have it are all of my internal body feelings harmonized and in the right. Direction right. You figured that out by reading your statement out loud two or three times and noticing where in your body those feelings came up and what quality feelings you had now some of you it was 100% good some of you it was 70% good 30% not.

So good some of you it was 100% bad it doesn't matter what matters is that you found it now that you found it you can actually do something with it you'll be more powerful with it if you wrap it in a fun playful oh let's explore this and see what my nervous system is actually doing to create this kind of an energy are you guys with me. So far is this useful okay. All right. Cool all right.

So here's the. Next piece. I want you to get. I'm gonna put.

I'm gonna go back to my. PowerPoint for this one because this one you're going to need to see okay. And remember none of the things that. I'm teaching you tonight will make a change in your life unless you actually decide to do the things.

I'm telling you to do for your own reasons okay. I've told you what can come up. I'm telling you what what things you're going to try and get in your way you have to decide are you ready to stop suffering and start thriving that being said let's look. Back at our power at my one note and talk about um we call the emotional motivation checklist okay.

This is important okay. So. I'm gonna make this a little bit bigger. So you guys can see it you are welcome to take a screenshot of this this is not a perfect template.

But it's one that if you truly understand it is going to pay off huge dividends in your life remember that everything human beings do is in response to a feeling it's either a feeling they want more of or a feeling they want a whole lot less of. So at the beginning of the webinar. I asked you to write down on the top of your sheet. I asked you to write down when you saw me promoting this webinar how to reprogram your unconscious mind for.

Success health wealth and happiness. I asked you what it is you wanted to be able to do as a byproduct of tonight's webinar and. I asked you to write that down. So the qu the.

First question is very simple what do you want okay. You did that already below that. I want you to write another question if you got that if you got the thing that you wrote at the top of your sheet what's that going to do for you. I want you to take a moment and physically write out in the exact words that come up from your unconscious mind in other words don't edit it.

However it comes up write that on your sheet what's that going to do for you when you've done that when you've gotten when you've accomplished that type done in the chat okay. Let me just look. At. I'm gonna actually my my chat box closed.

So um type in the chat control your. State uh it's know your outcome control your state get. Rapport those three things we're going to talk about. Rapport in just a minute minute this is actually the pointing to where we feel it and finding the icky feelings and the not icky feelings that's actually part of the.

Rapport training okay. Crazy high says. I just made my. First sale in solar today this stuff definitely works.

But it all starts with you boom doesn't get much harder than solar except for maybe door to-door insurance right. This stuff works guys. But you gotta again you got to have the action component you got to put it into practice that's why we. I want to.

I want you to have fun. I want it to be simple if it's simple and it's fun you'll probably do it if it's hard or it's complex you probably won't. So just take the the tidbits. I'm giving you apply them have the experience and decide how far down the rabbit hole you want to go after the tech okay.

I'll get to that question in a minute. RS all right. So. J.

Jill says she's done anybody else everybody else is done perfect okay. Now. So you have what do. I want to get as a byproduct of tonight's webinar what it's going to do for you ask yourself this.

Next question what's important about that let's say you got a and it's doing for you what you want to do what's important to you about getting that is it wealth is it freedom is it security what sentence or word comes up from your deep unconscious mind that lets you know what this is going to do for you write that down use the exact words that come up okay. What's important to you about like. I said. So the example.

I have here is like what's it going to do for you. I'm going to have wealth. Freedom or security. I'll be able to take to pay my rent on time and if.

I got if. I able to have the wealth and security to be able to pay my rent on time what's that what's important to that. So. I know.

I can support my family or secure and safe right. Okay. Whatever comes up. First that's the exact words that you use now stop for a moment and imagine you've got that as a byproduct of tonight's training you're now able to do the thing you said you wanted to be able to do it's doing the thing for you that he want us to do the what's important about that is coming up and now that that's coming up for you what's that going to do for you what's important about having that what's follow the sequence drilling down into your own personal belief value system right.

There is no. Right. Or wrong here the important thing is that whatever comes up put it on the page in the exact words that they came up you're going to have an urge to edit it. I get that avoid it for now okay.

When you've got that when you've got that down type done in the chat right. I'm gonna uh. I. I think.

I might have a better there's a better a little better you can actually take a screenshot of this if you want to okay. Okay. This is where it gets cool see. I'm teaching you things.

I'm teaching you a technique that has multiple applications on many different levels. So here's what here's where it gets interesting. So you should have at least three or four answers on your sheet true not true can. I show the screen again yes.

Okay. Can you guys see it. I recommend you take a screenshot this is really important in this one exercise. I've just given you the secret to making redonkulous amounts of money with other people to overcoming your limiting beliefs to blowing the doors off procrastination.

But you have to understand the nuances of this process and how it fits into the overall system. But to get you moving forward to tap into those lock down energy reserves inside of you this is where we start okay. If you've got that if you're done type done in the chat okay. Okay.

Perfect. So here's we here's where gets interesting now how many of you noticed by show by show of me or not me in the chat how many of you noticed when you were writing the answers to that you felt emotions true or not true okay. Good now. I don't normally do this.

But for for you guys tonight. I want you guys to draw a little a little stick figure okay. Little stick figure and what. I want you to do is.

I want you to. Mark where on your body the positive ones were and where the not. So positive ones were we call this a body map okay. Now most of the time you don't need this.

But this is something that you can use as is a self a self clearing tool right. Because sometimes as we're doing going through things. I'll say something and a feeling will come up point to where you feel it and mark it on your on your little body map. So you can go back and fix it.

Later with the tools. I'm going to give you tonight okay. So here's what we're going to do now when you checked in with your body a lot of you had. Happy.

Feelings anywhere on your body okay. So now what. I want you to do is. I want you to stand up now if you're driving obviously don't do this okay.

If you're driving don't do this. But for those of you who aren't driving. I want you to hold your hold your piece of paper up at about a 45 degree angle. I'm gonna.

I'm gonna get a little bit lower. So my body blocks it actually. I'm just disappear when. I do that all right.

So. I want you to hold this up at about a 45 degree angle right. My my my virtual screen keeps making it disappear. So we'll just pretend right.

And. I want you to physically read out loud everything you wrote all the answers to all of your questions you don't need to write the question or read the questions. But take in a in a strong loud voice. I want you to only read the answers to your questions out loud five or six times when you've done that type done in the chat.

So sher's feeling it in the thighs. Victoria is wearing on your body light shoulders heart feels open both in the heart okay. Read it out loud nice and. Loud this is important this is called declaration there's tremendous power in your voice especially when you combine it with where we're going.

Albert says heart. Tim says. I seem to have a block as to what. I really want okay.

Pretend pretend it's not there and what comes up face feels lifted liberating what does it mean if. I get a headache it means energy is rushing to your head and there's a block there that needs to be released and that's okay. Because that's where we're going. Next.

I know how. I want to feel okay. All right. So by show of hands or by just type your answers in the chat what happened to your energy level what happened to your desire for these things as you were reading them out loud went up increased increased excellent.

So for the vast majority of you it increased you may have noticed nervous system. Spike right. Now think about this how much do you want those things right. Now scale of 0 to 10 crying one of them even more okay.

Let me ask you a question why do you want it. So much why didn't you rate it less my family okay. Excellent okay. So.

I want it now okay. For those of you who want it now with your permission. I told you. I was going to teach you some very powerful very important things to move forward in life have.

I have. I been helping you with that. So far okay. With your permission can.

I can. I show you what. I've put together for you in part two of the webinar and you can decide how far down the. David.

Rabbit. Hole you want to go with me. So. I can teach you how to have the life you want the way that you want it and.

Then. I'm going to come back and. I want to teach you guys for those of you who had a negative eruption you had the positive one. But you notice some icky stuff in the background we're going to show you how to get rid of that once and for all that's part three does that sound like a plan okay.

Nextcell one. So with your permission. Then keeping in mind everything you said you wanted as a byproduct from tonight's webinar. I want to introduce to you a set of packages.

I put together called the secrets of. Personality transformation. Ultra mind control training home study course this is all about giving you the tools to reprogram your unconscious mind and the physical tools you need to persuade and influence people to do whatever you want whenever you wanted it if you had mixed feelings on the uh on the previous exercise don't worry we're going to show you how to fix that and we're going to show you how to fix it fast just bear with us till the end of the webinar okay. The secrets of.

Personality transformation home study course is all about taking your life to the. Next level it's about making a decision to get the skill sets and the mindsets the identity that allows you to take the actions that allow you to be the person that you want to be to and and rather than the person that. Society conspired to program you to be okay. It's about quickly helping yourself attract more money become more attractive and successful to free yourself from limiting beliefs and blocks to success to avoid self-sabotage once and for all to be.

Finally more confident in a way that actually leads to a better life and success to help more people to become empowered and more powerful. Charming charismatic irresistible and. So much more right. If you're tired of always falling short if you want the brass ring these skills have changed my life life in ways that.

I can only begin to hint at they have changed the lives of the lives of the lives of my students. I consider you one of my students whether you've been in. Planet. David six years or six minutes or six months.

I don't care they will change your life here's what we got now this is a good offer and. But it expires at 11:59 p.m. tonight. So you're gonna want to stay onto the. EV webinar because again.

I want you to get into action here's what's going to happen for you the secrets of. Personality transformation is a 14 video home study program that teaches you the seven discret steps to transforming and reprogramming your unconscious. Mind by changing your identity and aspects of your personality this process is a mind control training. Silo that.

I developed originally to teach aspiring pickup artists how to have the inner game the confidence the ability to take action and go forward in very very uncertain and intimidating circumstances what. I didn't realize when. I created this was how powerful the overall. Tools in this seven stage system would become when.

I started testing this on people they immedi again. I remember. I developed it for people to go out and become more attractive and charismatic and dominant what. I didn't realized that it was going to inv it was going to infiltrate itself into every aspect of that person's life their relationships at home got better they got more promotions at work they got less.

Flack they got less bullied they got more assertive and dominant and confident in their world every aspect they got healthier for. God's sakes because they weren't constantly stressed out and suppressing all their negative right. It was amazing. So this this process became.

So powerful guys that. I realized. I couldn't just teach it for attraction purposes and. I've literally been using it with live patients in my therapy clinic for 17 years 17 years.

I've been using this to get people over some of the most heinous problems in their life everything from rape trauma domestic abuse active shooter. War trauma you if you can name it. I've probably had it in the chair. I've worked with homicide detectives.

Rob rabbis phds in. Psychology. I've worked with you know victims of childhood rape and. Trauma cult abuse using this process it's super powerful.

So it's going to teach you systematically how to clear unconsciously held negative emotions and beliefs that's module one it's a $297 value we're going to move on from there into to removing the unconscious safety rules that are keeping you stuck you remember earlier. I told you that your unconscious mind wants you to survive and it considers that a win and. So what it happens is it looks at every experience that you've had and it attaches rules and little sub routines and programs to those memories. So that anytime you find yourself in a similar situation those programs start to activate and they keep you from making a different choice they keep you from taking an action that may move move your life forward because it feels like the risk if you took.

That risk or if you took. That step it would. D it would endanger you in some way and it and it it would would rather keep you stuck than keep you can can give you a chance at something better it's that's. I don't make the rules.

But that's how your unconscious mind tends to think. I'm going to show you how to fix that it's a $297 value. Then what we're going to do is we're going to remove the negative voices in your head that hold you back we all had a voice from time to time many of us still do that's telling us all the why we shouldn't do things why we don't deserve it why we can't have it why we don't need it why it's too much work or it's too expensive or it takes too much time right. These voices are not your fault these voices were put in your head at a time when you had absolutely no.

Defense against them. I'm going to show you how to find them find the roots of them rip them out by their roots and put in a new voice a different voice a voice that is going to give you and teach you and tell you all the reasons why why you deserve to have the things you want how you can succeed why you should be succeeding a voice that lifts you up instead of. Tears you down this one technique alone is worth twice the price when. I do this in our live trainings there is not a dry eye in the house and people can't go back to being that old person anymore this is huge okay.

It's a $297 value. But you can think about how many times that other voice in your head the one that's trying to keep you the same that's trying to tell you all the reasons why you don't deserve it has kept you from taking the actions that you know you needed to take if you're tired of it and you're ready to change it stay with us what if we could install four powerful emotional states that move you forward one of the things. I discovered remember at the beginning of the webinar. I told you guys that when we talk about health wealth success and happiness that you have have to be careful about happiness why because while happiness is a desirable.

State it's also what we call an end. State. Comfort zones are wonderful things. But nothing ever grows there and.

So that was the problem that. I encountered when. I was putting together this system. I had to find positive desirable states that actually cause people to want to take action to want to move forward and.

I went through as many states. I went from excitement to ecstasy to. Joy to to um um. Enlightenment and peace and.

I've only and even though there's probably more. States. I found four. I found four powerful positive driver states that even though they're fun and they're pleasurable and they're joyful they still.

Inspire and entice the body to take actions those four states are playfulness curiosity uh. Victory and relentlessness when you and. I what. I created for you guys was a process to install these four driver.

States inside of you. So that they become your default when you're moving through the world and you need this is one of the states you're going to be operating from you see the world through the eyes. Of curiosity and possibility you see the eyes. Through the.

World. Through. The. Eyes.

Of playfulness and opportunity you see the eyes. I see the world through the eyes. Of a winner and you. Embrace a sense of.

Relentless drive and determination to go for the things that you want in a way that makes life your own personal video game okay. There's a very specific process that we use for installing these four driver. States and we also install in you little trigger mechanisms little anchors and keywords that whenever you need an extra boost of that energy whenever you want to magnify and multiply those states to where they're off the charts you just rub a little magic ring or say a magic word to yourself and poof that energy doubles and triples and size and strength doubles and triples and force and magnitude and you're ready to take action and be a winner okay. That's step four of the identity by.

Design syum it's a $297 value. But imagine what you can do with that right. What if we could systematically think about this what if we could systematically go back through your entire history and pull all of the negative energy out of your past memories and traumas. So that when you look.

Back on the past they had absolutely zero effect on you and in fact you only could remember things that made your life better that the energy of of all that all that extra energy that was being used to make you feel bad to make you feel afraid to make you come up with reasons not to take action what if that was all loaded into your positive memory. So that your positive memories became. So powerful. So irresistible it just fired you out of the.

Starting. Gate like a rocket that's the. Next step in the identity by. Design.

Silo this is what we call temporal editing this is where we go back and we pull all the crap out of your past. So when you look. Back on that past you only remember it in ways that make your life better it's a $297 value now take that these four steps these four or five steps that we've talked about how to clear unconscious negativity in emotions and beliefs you didn't even know you had how to remove the safety rules that are keeping you from taking different actions. So you can be something different removing the negative voices in your head that hold you back installing these four powerful driver personal power.

States removing the negativity from your past what if we could take those five things and install it at your. DNA level how many of you if you're familiar with h. Bruce lipton's work on epigenetics you know that your belief systems change your. DNA well what if we could directly install these mechanisms into your.

DNA. So that every time you encounter a situation or circumstance these four or five things automatically engage and cause you to process the experiences in a completely different way that only empowers you that inspires you motivates you makes you feel. Unstoppable to think about it the right. Way instead of the way you were programmed to think about it before this intervention that's stage six where everything becomes automatic for you okay.

Now take that what if we could take the traits qualities and characteristics of people you admire your personal. Heroes people are really good at things and install those skills and those attitudes and those beliefs into your very own neurology. So that they become like little seeds that get planted and you actually start to embody and personify and express those traits qualities and characteristics what could you do with a platform like we designed and now add those new skills on top of it what would you be able to accomplish what will you be accomplishing as a byproduct of that training that's stage seven okay. We're going to include we're going to walk you through step by step how to do all seven stages we're going to teach you uh we're going to give you the identity by.

Design course manual which is something we teach to our therapy practitioners right. To comes with a lot of extra training it's a $418 value it's. GNA have instant and. Rapid inductions in it specific exercises if if you're tired of suffering you know what to do when the opportunity comes there's going to be a link go ahead and click it what if you had access to a a community of people just like you who were tired of suffering who wanted more from their life who were tired of being the getting the same results over and over and over again we're going to show you how to do that total value on this program and.

I'm under selling this is $2,497. However if you grab this program tonight if you decide you want something different you want to be something different you want to do something different. So you can have something different that. I'm going to cence a bunch of extra bonuses that are going to make this an absolute no-brainer if you're tired of being in if you want to get out of hell as one of my um colleagues in the internet marketing space likes to say if you want to get out of hell this will help you do it if you grab your course tonight you're.

G to get these special exclusive bonuses one you're going to get the actual identity by. Design hypnotherapy home study course now the program. I just explained to you is designed for you to use on yourself you can do this stuff on your own by yourself in the comfort of your own home. But let's say you decide you want to help other people let's say you actually want to have your own business and make money maybe as a side hustle maybe as uh you know a different an alternative business to the one that you're in this is the program that lays the foundation for you to help other people do all the things.

I'm teaching you how to do right. Now it's a full spectrum 5day recording of a hypnotherapy certification program now. I recommend you come to the. Live.

Events whenever possible. But if you want something that'll get you started right. Away there's no. Law that says you can okay.

I'm going to teach you systematically how to take your clients and unlock the power of their subconscious mind you'll be able and as a byproduct of that you're going to be have the ability to literally hypnotize anyone anytime anywhere under any circumstance for any reason in fact raise your hand veterans we actually have it on record we have at least two or three people in the chat right. Now who went through this program in the lobby of a hotel undergoing. Renovations. Next to an active.

Jackhammer with 100% success the environment was completely not quiet there were people all around they went they they put people in trance and got the results in spite of that. Holly. Seth. I know you're in here go ahead and type that was.

I was there right. Don't believe me believe these people okay. There's the reason why these guys are my inner circle these guys are absolutely. Unstoppable they can do this anywhere okay.

Because we blow through the myths of hypnosis the myth that you need a quiet environment that you even need someone to believe in what you're doing for it to work right. There's. So many there's. So much power in you guys.

But you need a you need a training process that allows you to bring it out okay. You'll be able to hypnotize anyone. I guarantee it if you follow the instructions and do the drills hypnosis will be soy you'll wonder why this was ever hard okay. We'll teach you how to systematically move any block to success or limiting beliefs to find and remove traumas to find and remove the hidden negativity and safety lessons the little sub routines that are actually trying to keep you stuck.

I'm going to show you how to remove it all how to clear up issues that just don't seem to go away if you've ever had an issue you've gone to to get treated or getting therapy and it goes away and. Then all of a sudden it comes back or maybe it starts to diminish and it gets to a certain level and it just doesn't get any better we have techniques for that right. In fact we're going to show some of those to you tonight as a byproduct of tonight's training okay. We're going to teach you how to get rid of those issues that just don't seem to go away we're going to teach you how to help your clients change that crappy voice inside their head.

So that it builds them up and moves them forward instead of holding them back we're going to teach you how to teach your clients how to resolve the negativity from their past. So you can set them free just like. I'm teaching you how to set yourself free we're going to teach you how to install the traits qualities and characteristics the people your clients admire and who want to be more like and. So much more you'll learn instant in wrap inductions you learn conversation hypnosis you learn a 30 minute consultation process that.

Tren that that has a a ridiculously high conversion rate you'll be able to take anybody from a prospect to a client in 30 minutes or less um it's really really powerful and the change work sticks that's probably one of the most important things you'll be able to do this anytime anywhere with anyone under any circumstance and the change work will stick okay. This course is a $1,497 value we're going to give it to you absolutely free because you're willing to take the actions because you're willing to do something different. So you can be something different and have something different total combined value if you took. What the secrets of.

Personality home trans uh transformation home study course combined it with the identity by. Design hypnotherapy home study certification boot camp $3,995. But we're not going to stop there. I want you to have every single tool that you need to be successful from the comfort of your own home at.

First and when you can get to a live event we'll take it even further we're going to include uh this is an extra bonus the hidden. Laws of. Attraction mind magic and manifestation made easy home study course this is a course that. I teach for people who are spec.

FOC focused yeah let me try that again this is a course that. I teach for people who are specifically focused on the. Art and. Science of manifestation.

So much of how we man manifest goes back to how how and what we do with our own unconscious mind. So this course also it's a $1,497 value we're going to give it to you free it's going to teach you how to unlock the power of your subconscious mind to attract and remove blocks to health wealth and happiness you didn't even know you had to become a money magnet we'll talk about money personalities and how different people work with money and how those things can hold them back or cause them to overspend or underspend on certain things will teach you how to influence people remotely how to find and remove the hidden negativity that's blocking your manifestations how to clear up manifestation and. Law of. Attraction issues that just don't seem to go away if you've been trying to manifest something for years and years and years and it just doesn't seem to happen we'll show you how to troubleshoot that now you may not like the reasons you find.

But at least it'll be honest and you can decide if they're worth clearing up or not the short answer to that is they're almost always worth clearing up even in spite of the programming that says it's too much time it's too expensive it's not worth it right. Um remember that those are just programs trying to keep you the same now if you want to be the same you shouldn't be on this webinar. I'll be honest with you okay. If you want something different you got to do something different right.

It's not about being something right. Away sometimes we'll get you there right. It's very it's a feedback loop we're going to teach you how to attract the things you want and change what you feel you deserve. So you can have even more okay.

Um. I. I learned a couple of really cool mind hacks from one of my mentors. Dr.

John larette many many years ago about how to actually do a workaround on your subconscious mind. So that you can actually pull things into your life that you don't feel you deserve it's actually really cool um it's interesting the. Dynamics of the unconscious mind and what you can literally do with it once you understand the. Dynamics of the system.

I'm going to teach you how to resolve all the negativity from your past. So that when you look. Back on that past you work you think about it in ways that only make your life better that inspire you and motivate you and cause you to take the actions that lead to success in the real world. I'm going to teach you the two most powerful engines of transformation and manifestation.

I have ever discovered using it you can literally change the texture and the taste of. Water by doing five minutes of this and holding a bottle of water in your hand you can actually change the physical characteristics of solid matter or liquid matter and much much much more we'll talk about the the five characteristics of lucky people and how you can use the identity by design process to install those traits inside of you we'll teach you about the information method for tapping into the. Unstoppable power of your unconscious mind and circumventing the limiting beliefs that are holding that energy from being expressed. So you can be more motivated more energized and move forward there's a lot more to this program it's a $1,497 value we're going to give this to you free total combined value of everything we just talked about is $ 5,491 if you went to the website and tried to buy them individually which some of these you're actually not going to be able to um now all this time we've been talking about what.

I call. Inner game skills how to use your mind how to begin to program your own other than conscious mind to get people or to get your your own body and mind to take the actions you need to take. But there's another skill set just as important not quite in in in terms of getting your mind right. But in terms of being able to externalize and express the skills sense you need a vessel for all this inner gamework that you've been doing and creating to express itself.

So we're going to include for you the secrets um in the secrets of. Personality transformation wait a minute that wasn't that's what the hell happened pardon me. I just some somehow it just jumped um here sorry about that uh we're gonna include the real world conversation hypnosis stealth. CPI.

Universal persuasion protocol training this is actually. I've given you the inner persuasion skills to be more attractive charismatic. Relentless playful curious. Victorious now we're going to give you the exact persuasion formula that you need to move through the world exerting and expressing that.

Charisma in the most hypnotically irresistible way humanly possible we're going to teach you how to use conversational persuasion technology to make yourself the person everyone wants to listen to that who have people hanging on their every single word and who can actually um cause people to want to do the things that uh you want them to do for their own reasons and like love and trust you for it okay. Uh let me just change something really really quick here. I don't know what happened that um you here we go my my apologies okay. So every now and.

Then weird stuff happens and we just tap to roll with it okay. We're going to teach you how to emotionally. Bond and connect with anyone you meet at will how many of you guys remember just before. I started.

I launched into phase two of our webinar how many of you guys remember that little drill that we did where. I had you read out loud the things you wanted and what it was going to do for you and what's important about that how many of you remember that you guys remember how you felt when you read it out loud to yourself let me ask you a question what do you think would happen if you did that to a prospective client or someone you're trying to sell something with do you think they might want it what if you were trying to motivate somebody to do something and get inspired and you did this and you gave them these kinds of feelings do you think that might change the actions they take yes. Or yes. Right.

Now this is why. I did the drill with you. I wanted to inspire you. I wanted to motivate you.

I wanted to give you a true valid real world reason why you deserve to have these things. But at the same time. I was also training you in a basic way to to do this with anyone you want to influence to do what you want them to do and have it happen for their own emotional reasons now. CPI stealth.

CPI will teach you all the nuts and bolts every. Nuance you need to know to reach into a person's heart find out what they want. Bond it to you or your product or service and have them act on their very own internal emotional reasons for wanting to do more more often than not they will ask you to do those things the best part about it guys and gals is you will never have to lie cheat steal misrepresent or do anything icky nasty or underhanded in any way people will love you for doing this with them okay. I'm going to teach you the most powerful language patterns that exist that cause people to emotionally bond with you your charisma is going to exponentially grow and anytime you talk to a particular human being you will have them hanging on your every word.

I'm going to teach you seven of the most other powerful language patterns that exist patterns that allow you in an ethical and honest way to make anything you want cause anything you want in the minds of your subject okay. What if you have that ability to make anything you want cause anything you want in the mind of your subject even if those things have absolutely nothing in common with each other. But their brain makes it happen what if you could make somebody anything you want mean anything you want in the minds of your listener your your your your teams that you're trying to motivate your clients yourself right. What if you could use these simple neurological filters to put things together that change the way you perceive reality and the people you're using them with change the way they perceive themselves and the reality that they live in what if you could literally force a person's internal mind movies to be exactly what you say and describe with zero chance of misrepresentation with zero chance practically zero chance of resistance what could you do with powers like this okay.

That's only four three of the patterns of the seven that. I'm going to teach you okay. What if you have make the ability to make people like love and trust you on command sometimes in as little as 20 minutes right. That's coming that's part of this program this is what you will actually be able to physically verbally uh textually do as a byproduct of this training okay.

You have. So much more. Charisma be able what if you had the ability to control your own emotional states. So fully and.

So completely that nobody could ever knock you off your game or make you feel bad about yourself ever again we're going to show you how to do that okay. It's all part of this training this is why we included this course in the the mind control training home study course because it's it's one thing to have the inner game to know to have the sense of identity the sense of deservingness to be able to do these to to know you can have those things. But there's also what skill set issues we said there's two things that hold people back mindset and skill set the. Next two programs this one and the.

Next one are all about giving you a skill set giving you the physical skills that you can take out and just apply instantly to get your results in the real world and because it's combined with an inner you that's. Unstoppable playful curious triumphant you'll find you'll exert an amazing amount of. Charisma over anyone you interact with. But don't believe me just apply the process follow the training you'll be amazed it's a $1,997 value we're going to give this to you absolutely free as part of tonight's package total combined value is7 , 488 if you register before the end of the webinar.

But we're not done guys we're not done. I'm also going to include one of the most powerful programs we've ever put out it's an advanced program and it's it's called. Renegade reframing how to rapidly change beliefs and instantly overcome any objection in just minutes now let me explain this to you um think about this for a moment how many of you may have noticed that you have this voice in your head that's telling you all the reasons why you shouldn't do something or why you can't do something or why you don't deserve something type it in the chat are you with me okay. So think about this what if on top of everything that.

I just described and explained to you for every time that little voice reared its ugly head you had 14 different weapons to absolutely destroy and annihilate that belief to overcome any objection to win any argument in yourself and in anyone you meet what if you had 14 different ways to change exactly how somebody's thinking and create new possibilities. New. Opportunities new ways of perceiving the world and you could do it in seconds what could you do with a superpower like like that because that's exactly what this course will teach you how to do it will teach you to take on any argument any limiting belief any objection any reason that somebody has for not doing the thing you want them to do and create in them a different mindset change a shift in perspective and belief that allows them to actually do it and take action on it the. First person you should be using this on by the way is you we when we do our our our weekly coaching call.

I have people write down all of their limiting beliefs on a piece of paper and. Then. I teach them two or three of these patterns and. I have them use those patterns on their own limiting beliefs and by the time they're through into the.

Second by the. Second pattern they can't go back to thinking about it the old way anymore it's impossible right. This is a really really powerful system it's it's talked about in. NLP a lot.

But nobody really understands it well okay. This one will teach you in the most fun playful userfriendly way how to use each of these 14 mind frame patterns to change any limiting belief and perspective on the world literally in seconds and that's before you start stacking them and combining them if you just use them individually it works like this when you start stacking them and combining them and linking them together you become an. Unstoppable. Force against any immovable object it's literally that powerful you'll overcome any objection win any argument change any belief in minutes and and that means your own two this is really really powerful.

But it takes into consideration that you have stealth cpi1 right. Because this is kind of your get out of jail free card if you screw something up in this stealth. CPI system this allows you to fix it right. So it it eliminates the possibility of failing as long as you actually deploy the techniques and you do the training.

So $1,997 value it's yours for free okay. Total combined value is 9,485 bucks now think about this for a moment what if you what could you do with a mindset and an identity and a belief system that gives you all the reasons why you deserve to have things that removes the negativity all the failures and and memories of the past and you have a set of qualities and characteristics that are the kind you want to have for yourself um. Al's asking should we order these what order should we take. I would do them in the exact order that.

I'm. I'm explaining them to you a uh because. I designed them that way okay. Um you may find you may spend more time on one one section than the other.

But. I find that once the inner game is taken care of the outer game gets even more powerful right. Because we want you to be congruent in your delivery of these techniques okay. This is a one this is a really powerful one two combination.

But it's a great question total combined value is a 9,485 value okay. So let's just review what the offer is before you de before you decide to grab it let me just review it for you and. Then. I'll show you where to go.

Next okay. Secrets of. Personality transformation home study course 14 videos plus the manual which includes the seven stage identity by design process $2,497 value we're going to include free of charge the real world hypnosis identity by. Design hypnotherapy certification home study course it's a $1,497 value this is a great way to prepare yourself to do work with other people all right.

We're going to give you the the bonus number two is hidden. Laws of. Attraction mind magic and manifestation master class this is a $1,497 value you're going to get the stealth. CPI level one universal persuasion protocol training this is the flagship training this is the one that has changed more lives it's it was actually the this was the root of killer influence the one that the course that became the number one.

NLP program in the world started uh started from stealth. CPI it was a variant okay. So that's how powerful this course is. So $1,997 value and.

Then. Finally we're going to include in this package the ability to change any belief overcome any objection and win any argument or gaslighting attempt that people may try if you're dealing with narcissists manipulative people this is the fastest way to knock them on their ass verbally and textually okay. Renegade reframing how to overcome any objection change any instantly it's a $1,997 value we're going to give this to you absolutely free as part of the secrets of. Personality transformation home study package total value is 9,485.

However today because. I want you to do the one thing that most people won't do take action to do something different. So they can be something different. So they can have something different.

I want to make it easy for you and still be fair. I want to give you the best deal humanly possible. So you're not going to have to pay $948 you're not going to pay 6,347 we're not even going to charge a half price uh at 5347 or 3347 we're not going to charge you 2347 that's even lower than the the the sale price of the actual program. I want you to be successful.

I want to help you in a way that's fair. So you can get it all today for a low onetime investment of just 9.97 do the math guys do the math right. Avoid those voices in your head that's telling you you can't do it focus on all the reasons why you need to be doing it okay. If you need a little help we can make it even easier for you we can break that up into three easy installments of just 3.97 okay.

All you got to do to get yours right. Now is go to www.lpower.com for slm mind www.lpower.com slind it's www. nlpp power.com slm um if for some reason you can't get to the page you can give. Moss a call directly at 858 282 4663 that's 8558 282 4663 operators are standing by um we always get a rush of calls. So if you call and you get the voicemail uh please please please leave your name and your contact information if you do that.

Then you will actually qualify for the bonuses if you don't leave that name um you won't qualify for any of the other goodies because. I got more for you you see one of the things. I keep talking about one of the things. I keep coming back uh to you with is the need for.

Action. So just click that link right. Now now some people say well. David what if this doesn't work what what if.

I got more stuff in the way than than than this the course can handle it's real simple call us call us and let us help you let us walk you through whatever sticking points that you have and if after 60 days you're not getting more money if you're not closing more deals attracting more success if you're not on the fast track to manifesting the life of your dreams if you're not more. Relentless more confident more. Victorious more curious more playful more secure more confident if you're not feeling better about you and the life you lead and you're not on the fast track to becoming the person you desire to be ladies and gentlemen. I will give you back every penny that you invested in this program if it's not working for you.

I don't want your funds if it's not working for you. I want you to find something that does work give us every chance to help you to guide you to. Mentor you and if it's still not working we'll give you all your money back there's absolutely no. Risk risk to you right.

Now grab your course try it do it don't try it do it just do the drills in a fun playful explorational way take it out into the world take it one piece at a time notice the change that you cause in yourself and in other people and build on that and you'll find your life changing either in. Quantum leaps or baby steps as long as you're moving forward that's a win guys as long as you're better today than you were yesterday it's a win. But if you're not satisfied if it's not working for you. Then.

I in good conscious can't accept your money. I will give you your money back okay. Try it for 60 days if it works great keep it keep building on it okay. Go to www.lpower.com slmd it's www.lpower.com slmd now.

I keep talking about action. I keep talking about why do we need to get into action identity is enough right. You got to be somebody in your own mind differently. First.

Then you got to do something different and this is your chance this is your. Rubicon this is your challenge if you grab your course before. October 16 2023 11:59 p.m. tonight. I'm going to include the following.

Three. Special bonuses now let me be very clear if you leave your your your contact information with moss or. Holly or uh um. Mia.

Then you will qualify for bonuses all the bonuses if you do not if you call you get the voicemail and you just hang up and want to call back tomorrow the only thing you're going to qualify for if any are the four bonuses. I described right. But if you grab your course now before. I log off the webinar this is the limiter if you loog if you grab your course now before.

I log off the webinar. I'm going to include the following special bonuses now rinky is asking recommend a product to attract a husband start with hidden laws well start with that actually start with the secrets of. Personality transformation home study course go into hidden. Laws of.

Attraction and. Then if you want to you can swap out uh one of the other courses for soulmate. Secrets okay. We'll talk about that in a minute.

So. First bonus we're going to give you the. First fact action bonus we're going to give you is probably one of the most important even though it's actually one of the lowest priced it's actually one of the highest values this is the. NLP power.

Mastermind mentoring. Practice. Group this is a three-month trial membership the way this works is on the. Third.

Saturday of every month people come to my. NLP power headquarters or they log in through. Facebook. Or zoom and.

I literally go around the room and. I say what do you want to learn today. Seth what do you want to learn today. Sher what do you want to learn today.

Mia lah what do you want to learn today. Brian what do you want to learn today right. Joe what do you want to learn today. Jeff what do you want to learn today right.

And. I look. I write all the things they want to learn about all the things they want to get better at. I put them on the board and.

I create a lesson plan right. On the spot and for the. Next four hours five hours six hours we do drill after drill after drill until you can do those skills in your sleep and you go out into the world and you apply those skills you come back. Next month on the.

Third. Saturday from 11:00 a.m. to 4m and. I'm. GNA ask you again what do you want to learn today.

Ricky what do you want to learn today. Mia what do you want lah what do you want to learn. Brandon what do you want to learn um. Joe what do you want to learn.

Jeff what do you want to learn. I'm going to create another lesson plan and we're going to drill and we're going to drill and we're going to drill and we're going to only focus on those skills right. Some of you may have seen the uh. The.

Mastermind that we did just this. Saturday where. I literally had people here at the at the at the facility and. I had people on.

Zoom uh and in the. Facebook. Group and we were all training and drilling that's the. Mojo that's the stuff because if you have access to this you have the opportunity to practice these skills in real time with real people and get real world feedback this is what takes you from.

Mere access to ownership this is what puts those skills inside of you and allows you to express them and use them anytime anywhere under any circumstance for any reason okay. Um there's a lot of really great questions. I'm have. Moss or.

Holly or seph um answer those questions you're they're great questions though they're not each training averaged about 40 hours in real time. So you're probably looking at about 30 35 hours um after editing and stuff like that right. Um they're they're not small courses. But they're very.

Progressive they're very systematic now this this. NLP power. Mastermind mentoring. Practice.

Group we have video we've been running it non-stop since. October of 2010 do the math guys. October this month is our 10 year or 13-year anniversary we have videotaped every single one of those trainings we have archived every single one of those trainings and we have released less than 1% of them on our. YouTube channel as a full access member of the.

NLP power. Mastermind mentoring group you will have unlimited access for the entire time you're in the program to the 12year video archive stuff that has never never seen the light of day on. YouTube has never been featured in any product short uh ebook. Nothing because it's member driven you'll see a lot of the same stuff from training to training.

But you also see stuff that has never been in a product things like remote view that's not true we that's been in a product like remote viewing accelerated learning memory enhancement trauma resolution instant and. Rapid inductions hypnotic language patterns face reading behavioral modification training mind control training um re rein regression remote viewing remote influence um lie detection body language attraction and dating it's all there because massive amount of meditative and energetic practices energy healing energy psychology they're all there because that's what you as my community wanted to know about. So that's what we taught you you'll be able to binge watch those 12 years of video archive to your heart's content for the full 90 days at the end of 90 days days if you decide you want to stay we'll show you how to make that happen at the end of 90 days you've gotten the skill sets that you came to learn you're getting the results you want hey you had 90 days of working at hang working and hanging out with the coolest people on the planet all have the same interests that you have you don't have to worry about getting burned at the stake hashtagged or whatever right. And you go off into the world to make your life what you want it to be no.

Strings attached right. Total value on this is 1,500 $97 $1,597 value you're going to get it for free if you one of the. Next uh 21 people to click that link right. Now this is something that will transform everything the more opportunities you get that you make to actually externalize and express these skills the more powerfully you'll be able to use them and have fun doing it total value on this is $1,082.

But again it's all about taking action take the action do the different thing okay. We're also going to include for those of you who want to start fast the stealth instant conversation hypnosis crash course this is a powerful distillation of the seven most powerful hypnotic language patterns that exist combined with instant and. Rapid inductions the three magic questions attraction and connection protocol the. LIE detection videos hypnotic hot buttons this is all about.

NLP stop anchoring criterian values elicitation um and that emotional bonding checklist it's it comes with. MP3 downloads it comes with videos it comes with transcripts it comes with workbooks this program was specifically designed for you to download tonight be hypnotizing people tomorrow it's for those of you who who don't want to waste time who don't want to go through 35 hours of training. But want to start putting these skills into operation now literally you can watch two videos and be out hypnotizing people it's that fast okay. It's a 900 $97 value we're going to give this to you absolutely free if you're one of the.

First 21 people to click that link right. Now and reserve your spot for the secrets and personality transformation. Ultram mind control training home study course okay. Total combined value is $2,791 training who would like to actually do this stuff with me quite possibly the best gift ever.

I'm going to conclude for the. Next 21 people who register before. I log off the webinar tonight let me repeat that because people have tried to claim this ticket weeks after the webinar it's only valid for the people who register before. I log off the webinar tonight we're going to include a free.

VIP identity by. Design super ticket it's going to give you free admission to one identity by. Design choice of your or any by. Design training of your choice the five day certification boot camp this is the one we take everything we've talked about in secrets of.

Personality transformation everything we've talked about in the uh the home study course yet anybody design home study course and we put you through those drills as the subject as the hypnotist and we help you embody those skills. So you can literally walk into a a. Lobby that's undergoing. Renovations walk into a crowded.

Casino. Busy street and blast people anytime anywhere deal with hypnosis on anyone. I've had people literally flying home from the identity by. Design training they're in line at the airport one of the guys ahead of them starts having a.

Pete he's a former. Iraqi vet he starts having a. PTSD episode people are freaking out people are trying to uh they want to call. Security on them she literally walks up to him and says point to where you feel it she spins away his.

PTSD episode and he followed her around the airport like a little puppy dog sat. Next to her on the plane and when they got off the plane in. Hawaii he gave her his wounded warrior jacket that's the power that you have to help people to get over the things that are holding them back to overcome any form of trauma or limiting belief to change the building blocks of. Personality there is nothing nothing like our live training if people ask me what the optimal order of training this stuff is.

I would tell you come to the live event and. Then use the videos as a supplement. But. I know for some people that's really not feasible that's not logistically just not how it works.

So for those of you who can't come to the live training or you have a lifestyle that doesn't let you get away for five days at a time start with the videos in the order that. I've shown them to you when you can come to the identity by. Design training now let me explain a little bit about our. VIP ticket program because this is something you don't want to miss out on this is something that will change your life this will be in.

San. Diego guys be in. San. Diego our.

VIP ticket program works in a very special way a it doesn't expire. So let we have a v um a training coming up. January 23rd. I'm sorry on.

March 19th through the 23rd in. San. Diego um 2024. So you got lots of time to prepare um for those of you um who have a killer influence ticket if you want to swap them out we'll let you do that too um.

But basically the way this works is if you come to you get to come to training for free for five days. But let's say something happens let's say that um you're getting ready to come and at the. Last minute maybe there's another. Co outbreak maybe people uh yes.

March 19th. Sherry uh maybe gas prices won't let you go your idiot boss makes decide to cancel your vacation and make you work all you have to do is pick up the phone and call. Mia or. Moss let them know we will move you to the.

Next identity by. Design training you do not lose this ticket until you actually use it now let's say for whatever reason you know logistically you can't make the. March 19th to the 23rd training and. Then at the.

Last minute something happens and you can come. But the the training is full if you have one of these. VIP super tickets we'll make take a seat for you we'll literally move chairs around or whatever. So that you can come to the training all we ask is that you let us know as quickly as possible.

So that we can prepare the materials because we don't prepare the materials to like a couple of days before the event. So we're not running an. Overstock of manuals and things like that let's say a month from now we decide to raise the price on this seminar well guess what you don't pay anything extra your price is guaranteed if you're a. VIP ticket holder it doesn't matter if we raise this to $10,000 a session you get to walk in you get a front row seat okay.

Let's say you've been through identity by. Design. But you have a friend or a colleague that you think would benefit from this training you can gift this ticket to them right. And they can come and learn how to do these things and.

Then you guys can trade together right. I've had people literally get these tickets and. I don't hear from them for two or three years and. Then they call up and say.

David. I got this. VIP ticket at one of your. Last events is it still good.

I say come on in right. So once again it does not expire if you're if you have if you have to cancel at the. Last minute we'll move you to another training if you can't come and. Then all of a sudden your schedule frees up and you can come and it's sold out we'll find a seat for you if the price goes up your price is guaranteed you will never pay a dime more than you're paying tonight how much is the live ticket 3150.

But it's free if you if you grab your webinar package uh before the end of the webinar tonight when. I log off okay. This is your free it's a $3,150 value we're going to give this to you absolutely free right. If you really want to take your skills to the.

Next level if you're really serious about an extra income stream this is how you begin to embody those skills in the way. I designed the system to be done okay. If you can't come use the order of videos that. I prescribe it'll still work.

But what you'll see is after you go through the live training you go back and you rewatch those videos you will see hear and understand things in the very videos that you watched before you came to the training and you'll see and understand things differently and at a deeper level because now you embody those skill sets one of my teachers. John larette who taught a system called speed hitting how to hit somebody 11 times or more in one. Second or less and he would do these things and people say. I didn't see your hands move and he would say you can't see things that aren't inside of you and that's something.

I found to be true as you go through these trainings and these skills become more and more and more a part of you what tends to happen is your perceptual abilities your ability to see and understand and become aware of things that were always there grows exponentially and you'll start to perceive things my my inner circle people like moss and. Seth and. Holly um they hear and see things coming out of my mouth all the time now that they never would have seen had they not done the drills and they're all you can always see the light bulbs going off when they see how we layer things and we we add things and you're doing all these different things simultaneously that's what's ahead of you that's the learning and the power that's coming your way if you just follow the program okay. Total combined value on this is $1,229.

So once again review secrets of. Personality transformation. Ultram mind control training home study course $2,497 value we're going to throw in absolutely free the identity by. Design hypnotherapy home study course $1,497 value we're going to give that to you free we're going to give you the hidden.

Laws of. Attraction manifestation mind control training. Master. Class $1,497 value we're going to give that to you free you're going to get the stealth.

CPI. Universal persuasion protocol $1,997 absolutely free we're going to give you the. Renegade reframing conversational belief change training $1,997 value we're going to give that to to you free you're going to get the. NLP power.

Mastermind mentoring program $1,597 value we're going to give that to you free you're going to get the stealth instant conversation hypnosis crash course $997 value we're going to give that to you free and your choice of any identity by. Design training total value on this is n um is $15 15,22 you can get it all for one low installment of just 9.97 or if you need a little extra time you can break that up into three easy installments of just 3.97 each all you got to do to get yours is go to www.lpower.com slmd it's www.lpower.com if you have any questions you can post them directly in the chat or you can talk directly to. Moss or. Mia at 858 28249 4663 or you can email.

Moss at uh at. NLP power.com or you can email. Mia nlpp power.com they will be happy to answer any questions you have work through any sticking points that you need um. So forth okay.

So once again. U make sure to click that link right. Now remember if you want to be something different you want to have something different you got to do something different click that link right. Now www.npower.com mine click the links click the links click the links while you're doing that.

I'm going to give you guys a seven minute break to finalize your package get any questions answered reach out to. Moss or. Mia uh when we come back at 60 n we're gonna we're going to begin phase three of the webinar and we're going to start to customize the things we've learned. So that you can start clearing the blocks to your success and accelerating and reprogramming your subconscious mind this is going to get intense guys.

So after you click the links and you get your packages squared away make sure you have lots of caffeinated and and oxytocin. Laden substances like chocolate or avocados or whatever and uh get ready to do some trills and get some skills okay. I'll see you in seven minutes okay. Folks.

I'm back from my break a little bit early before we uh guys have any. Last minute questions or anything that you guys want to ask me before we jump into the rest of the training for tonight remember that all of our webinars always are like a sandwich you know we got the the meat in the middle and. Then we actually it's kind of a reverse sandwich right. So this is where we begin to customize uh the content of tonight's webinar for you guys to the specific applications you want to learn more about it gets a little bit more informal from here.

So please feel free to type in the chat uh any questions that you have or anything you want to focus on. I'm going to ask you some specific questions very shortly uh please click that link right. Now uh. So we can get you guys your.

VIP tickets and get you guys uh you guys are keeping. Moss busy he's like non-stop phone calls right. Now. So um it's cool.

I like to see. So many people who are excited. So. Ricky is asking.

Dr. David feel negative and positive same place most time initially yeah we're going to show you how to fix that that's very common all right. Let me just go ahead and jump out of this all right. Um and we're back hey guys all right.

So this is one of my favorite parts of the webinar by the way um because this is where. I get to help you guys really turn the lights on. So to speak all right. So how many of you are with me if you're if you're still hanging out.

I need. I know a bunch of people did what they needed to do oh. So people are coming back good good to see okay. Good all right.

So in part one of the webinar we talked about what. I call the emotional motivation of the emotional bonding checklist. I had you read had you read uh what you wanted to get as a byproduct of tonight's webinar uh out loud it had you notice feelings right. When you point to where you feel it in.

Planet. David we call that a sematic address right. Um if you want to do a little bit more research on this um you can ref you can reference a book. Called the body keeps score keeps the score by basil vender.

Hulk probably one of the preeminent um experts on the embodiment of traumas right. And how to get those out right. Um one of the things that happens is that your neurology creates a memory let's cover some. Foundation stuff again everything human beings do is in response to a feeling it's a feeling they either want more of or a feeling they want a whole lot less of okay.

Now every memory that you record and encode will have a kinesthetic uh sensation to it whether you realize it or not whether you're conscious of it or not that memory whether it's a a pleasurable memory a traumatic memory a limiting belief a positive belief all of them will have a sematic component there will be a phys physical location in the body where those things are stored. I almost hesitate to use the word stored because what the science is showing us is that most of our memories aren't recalled. So much as reconstructed and recreated okay. Let me um my my.

U autofocus is getting a little wonky here let me see if. I can fix that okay. So my point before. I go any further it doesn't matter whether it's a positive feeling or a negative feeling if we can point to a body.

Then we can change it right. So that's one of the truisms that. I want you guys to write down and take notes on there is nothing inside of you that you can't change if you can point to it now what if. I can't point to it.

David here's the workaround pretend that you can let me repeat that if you can't consciously feel something pretend that you can and point to where you pretend it and it'll work you don't have to know why trust me that there's a strong powerful neurological reason one. But you don't need to know it because no. Too much knowledge will actually stop you from making change right. It's one of the little mechanisms uh at play in your in your conscious and unconscious.

Dynamics right. One of the things you'll learn in identity by. Design and secrets of. Personality transformation are the hidden laws of mental.

Dynamics right. What are the principles that govern the mind. But even more importantly perhaps is how do you actually dialogue with the unconscious part of you how do you actually talk to the part of you that is running all these programs right. The way you find a program is through provoking it either positively or negatively now a lot of you noticed that when we started talking about the things we want from tonight's webinar and how we're going to get it when.

I when we read those things out loud good feelings came up sometimes good feelings came up and in the background there was this little icky. Naggy feeling true not true type it in the chat this is the again this is the interactive portion of tonight's webinar okay. This is important because if we're doing manifestation if we're doing. Law of.

Attraction if we're trying to use affirmations if we're trying to use brain wave entrainment this is re this is. I just thought of this this is really really important to understand if you're doing any kind of brain wve entrainment like you're like you're listening to some like um like farsight. Institute or binaural beats or anything like that and you're trying to program yourself for positive things if you're going into an altered state which is everything we're doing is about altering your state okay. And you're triggering the positive feelings and the icky.

Naggy feelings. But you're not doing anything to clear the icky. Naggy feelings while you're doing like brain wav and trainman or anything like that you'll also be reinforcing the negativity let me repeat that okay. How many people know what.

I'm talking about want to talk about brain wave and training or binaural beats or anything like that okay. Those those devices the light and sound machines and and and all those things right. I use a neurophone it's amazing right. But here's the thing they'll only get you in the state they won't clear your this is one of the reasons why.

I created uh the secrets of. Personality transformation program because when. I was when. I started.

I started listening to self- hypnosis when. I was like like 12 or 13 years old right. Anything that puts you in an altered state is useful here's the problem what at what resources what programs are being accessed and running during that altered state right. So here's the thing if and.

I'll give you a quick. Story how many of you have ever listened. I'm going to sit down for this one how many of you have ever listened to a self- hypnosis tap anybody okay. Maybe you've had this experience you're lying in your bed or in your in your recliner your eyes.

Are closed your headphones are on or your earplugs are in and this person's going on about you're getting relaxed you're going deeper deeper relaxing all the way down and there's this little voice in your head gone is this working. I'm relaxed. I don't feel hypnotized this working. I don't know.

I mean. I'm relaxed. I'm not sure it's working. I don't feel hypnotized sound familiar yes.

Or no. Type in the chat okay. Here's the thing here's the thing we need to understand if any of those recordings are longer than 20 minutes chances are you went into trans even if the guy even if the person doing the hypnosis sucked if they went longer than 20 minutes there's a good chance you went into trans here's the problem with trans. States we don't realize we're in.

Trans. State until we come out of it let me repeat that more often than not we do not realize we are in a. Trans. State until we've come out of it.

So one of the things my one of my hypnosis teachers used to say you guys want to feel wna. W to have an experience of what hypnosis feels like play along with me anybody here want to feel what hypnosis feels like yes. Okay. Close your eyes.

Close your eyes. Close your eyes. And he'd wait a few seconds and he'd say that's what hypnosis feels like the problem with transstates is unless part of us is trying to stay the same and and measure the change we don't realize how deep into trans we've gone and usually until we've come out of it now getting back to closing my. Loop if you were listening to one of those self- hypnosis trainings or programs and the person was even remotely decent chances are you went into a trance here's the problem what were you doing in your mind while that.

Trans. State was running were you going. I don't know if this is working. I'm not sure am.

I hypnotized. I don't feel hypnotized this isn't supposed to be what hypnosis is like. So what do you think you've been rehearsing in trance anybody oh he's asking questions this is almost like being in a class right. You've been rehearsing doubt yes.

Doubt uncertainty skepticism right. Same thing is true if you're going to rely on things like binaural beats or brain wave entrainment it's not that they don't work it's that what are the processes that you're using in your brain and are you clearing the crap before you start trying to amplify the positives if you're trying to overpower the negative feeling with more and more affirmations there's a there's a there's a metaphor that. I use with all my students most people move through through the world with the equivalent of a jet engine and an anchor strapped to their back and it's very intuitive it's very normal for us to to want to put more thrust in the engine to get more done to to to accomplish more and. So we we look.

For ways to to put more juice more push into that into that that mechanism. But what happens is inevitably remember. I had 17 years at cleaning other people's up right. The more you try to put juice in the engine the more drag you create from the anchor you wind up trying to suppress deny ignore the negative crap that needs to be healed and.

So the more thrust you try to put in the engine the more drag you create from the anchor and now you're you're having to work your system's having to work harder and harder and harder whereas if you just cut the anchor you would take off like a rocket because there's nothing in your way. So when we do trans trans is the easy part it really is it's what we do how we manage those trans states that becomes really really important and you can't manage a. Trans. State if you don't understand the.

Dynamics of what you're dealing with and that's why. I gave you the provocation exercise at the beginning of the training. I had you find the body location. I identify the positive feelings and the notso positive feelings why.

So we can eliminate the. Noto posit positive feelings does that make sense type it in the chat come out of. Trance okay. I'm putting you guys in trance just by talking.

I get it okay. So here's my point what do you guys want to what application do you guys want to focus on for the rest of the of the webinar what you what we're going to do this as a group vote and and. I'll. I'll make an arbitrary decision what do you guys want to want to drill down on go ahead and type it in the chat this is this is your chance to tell me how to make this your webinar cut the anchor stop reverse action okay.

Clearing those bits self trance okay. Flaming burnning we got healing like. YouTubers are saying healing come on you got clearing those bits self trance clearing with color. Okay.

Cleaning the information holding okay. Let go the negative mindsets okay. Yeah okay. So uh.

Patricia is saying. I get what you're talking about intellectually. But. I need to learn the intention okay.

Real positive thinking okay. Okay. So. Then let's do this.

I'm going to teach you guys a couple of different exercises tonight and we're gon to end with um this is again this is going to be a little bit more drill intensive. So. I hope you guys are up for it all right. Um if you want again these are small pieces of the overall identity by.

Design system and the hidden. Laws of. Attraction system that are included in your package. I'm just cherry-picking pieces from the system from the course.

So that you can experience them and. So you can get an idea of what the entire system by itself will do for you is that fair jry says best techniques to use and how to use them for weight loss these are all the exact same techniques it really doesn't matter uh pagus is saying uh overcoming blocks that's fine all right. So. First thing we want to do when we we want to begin to train things is we now to know our outcome.

So what is it you want. I want you get out a piece of paper right. Now. I want you to write down what you want and and how are you going to know when you got it what are you going to see what are you going to hear what are you going to feel what are you going to smell what are you going to taste what do you want how are you going to know when you have it okay.

Okay. M is posting links for those of you who want the full system and the. Hands-On training with me click the link right. Now and you get that okay.

Just post it away okay. Click it away get get get yourself in there okay. Um when you've written the things out. I've asked you to write down type down in the chat.

I'll wait it's okay. Nina says she's done. Perfect all right. Now this is important because one of the things that that human beings have to do is we have to express and externalize things again we'll cover this way in depth uh laws of in your hidden.

Laws of. Attraction course we'll cover it identity by. Design uh in. March.

But you need to get things out of your body and onto some kind of external medium in order for you to work with them better okay. All right. So if you're gonna uh for this. Next piece if you're driving don't do this if you're not driving and it's safe for you to engage in in things that um have their eyes.

Closed. Then by all means do this again if you're if you're driving or operating any form of. Machinery or heavy equipment that requires your full and undivided attention you are not to do these drills if you want to do these drills. Then you need to pull over to the side of the road or into a parking lot or your driveway or your garage where it's safe put the car in park turn the car off put the parking brake on roll the windows down.

So you have fresh air right. Be very very safe okay. I take no. Responsibility for people who misuse this training by doing doing it in unsafe environments okay.

Now here's the thing everything that we're doing will involve a. Trans. State you just won't realize it okay. One of the reasons we talked about if you guys remember at the beginning of in part one of the webinar we talked about the.

First three stages of the uh. Universal persuasion protocol know what you want control your state get. Rapport do you guys remember me saying that yes. Or yes.

Okay. One of the most famous hypnotists of all time the guy by the name of. Dr. Milton.

Ericson he used to tell his students that your clients will be your clients because they're out of rapport with their unconscious mind. So many of you discovered that experientially today when. I had you read something you wanted out loud from tonight's webinar and you notice that there was a good feeling and a not. So good feeling true not true okay.

Congratulations you just found two parts of yourself that were out of. Rapport our job is to get everybody on the same page get every part of you functioning and moving in the direction of your highest desirable good. Beyond just your meat programming just beyond the the survival level that your nervous system is is happy with okay. So here's what we're going to do this this.

PSE technique is called. Magic. Frame and it's really really simple and again you don't need to understand all the. Neuroscience or all the fancy languaging behind it for it to work for you all you got to do is play pretend like when you were a little kid how many people have ever been little kids anybody okay.

You don't got to believe it that's the best part jelinda you don't have to believe it you just just got to play with it right. I'm going to do things that you things are going to come up in your mind won't matter okay. I'm going to show you this it's really cool. I want you to think of something on a scale of let's let's start let's start with something relatively low level that we want to clear would that be okay.

Like on a scale of one to 10 it's like a one two or three can we think of something like that yes. Now. I know some of you are going to go for. Godzilla.

I get it right. I get it and this will work on. Godzilla most of the time. But in the in the in the the context of an online training like this we want to keep it simple for you okay.

So the. First thing that has to happen is. I want you to close your eyes. Think of that thing that you want to change as you think about that thing you want to change.

I want you to notice there's a place in your body where the feelings connected to that memory are stored where they grow where they spread from take a moment point to where you feel it now using your imagination go with your. First impression if there were a picture floating in the space around you that represented that amazing experience a picture that you could reach out and touch where would you reach out to touch it. First impression now once you find that picture trace the outline of it with both of your hands. So you know how big it is grab it with both of your hands just to make sure we've got the right.

One let's make the picture a bit bigger notice what happens to the feeling in your body does it get stronger or does it get weaker now. I don't want you typing stuff into the chat. I'm just going to assume you're following along. I don't need you to type anything into the chat bring it back to its original size now grab it keep the size of the picture exactly the same and slowly pull it closer to your body and notice what happened to the feelings did it get stronger or did it get weaker now put it back to where it was originally now take your imagination put a big thick black frame around that puppy the bigger and thicker and.

Blacker the better now most of you are too young remember when televisions had real dials and knobs and switches like on a touchcreen or remote control um once you to feel along the base of that frame you're going to notice some dials and knobs and switches like on an old style television. I want you to scan your scan that lower part of the frame. So you find the knob that controls the brightness or the contrast and turn that knob all the way to the right. Until the image wipes out completely and as you do that notice how that makes you feel once you've got that turn the knob all the way to the left until the image blacks out completely notice how that makes you feel decide for yourself which one you like better all the way to the right.

All the way to the left or somewhere in between keep playing with it until you find exactly how you want it to be once you've got that. I want you to take take the index finger of your dominant hand and in glowing golden letters on that. Whited out or blacked out screen there were some lessons that this experience had to teach you positive or negative. I want you to write those lessons on that whiteed out of black out screen in glowing golden letters until you can keep all the lessons and let everything else go now here's the here's the best part about this sometimes we know exactly what those lessons were and boom we just plop it right.

On that screen like it's nobody's business business sometimes we have no. Conscious idea what those lessons were. But the part of you that created this whole set of feelings and and relationships in the. First place that part always knows because it's the part that created it.

So let that part. Express itself let it speak through your finger and let it write in its own way on that write it out screen everything that needs to be kept. So you can keep the lessons positive or negative and let everything else go now the screen will. SC scroll like a tablet will scroll.

So you have an infinite writing space some people draw squiggles some people draw pictures some people get really angry and reactant and write you you you across the screen some people write with both hands simultaneous like they're writing. Chinese or. Hebrew at the same time. However your body does it just let those fingers.

Express let it write out on that whiteed out or blacked out screen everything that needs to be kept. So you can keep all the lessons and let everything else go take all the time you need to let that happen if feelings and emotions come up put them on the screen express them and just keep writing if comes up keep writing until it's all gone and it's all on that screen keep the lessons and let everything else go once you've done that and you know it's done take both of your hands physically. Reach. Out shrink that frame and the lesson in it down to the size of a postage stamp or even smaller float it up over the top of your head notice how the feelings in your body shift and change as your other than conscious mind floats that image over the top of your head and back.

Beyond the. Horizon you know the sound a hammer makes when you're banging on a nail nail back there for all eternity possible come back when it's nailed back there for all eternity impossible to come back test it try to bring it back back and notice what happens instead now some people when this happens they break out in a sweat some people laugh some people yawn some people cry some people twitch some people just feel waves of emotion coming up. However your body does it that's just your neurology resetting itself it's just the emotional detox there's no. Need to measure it manage it or make it happen faster just notice the process taking place allow it to install itself completely and when you know it's done test it try to bring the old feelings back try try to turn the new feelings off notice what happens instead.

So. Linda says feel. So good to release very good well done okay. Once you're done and you know you're done is it normal yeah yeah quite normal as a matter of fact yeah.

However you did it is right. Type what you experienced typed how the feelings have changed for you now what' you notice some of you still processing some of you will be processing this for a while the um the intervention is really fast. But the transformation goes really deep. Julie says ver is calmer excellent okay.

Nina says very tense shoulders. But happy now. Nina. I want you to check in with your shoulders and notice if what you're experiencing has a melting sensation to it like there's something that was hard that's kind of melting sometimes when those things are really locked in um it takes a while for it to melt also um if that if it's something other than what.

I just described check into to where you actually put the picture behind you is it all the way back. Beyond the. Horizon or is it right. Behind you okay.

If it's right. Behind you move it all the way back below the. Horizon and notice what happens okay. Uh flame burning bright.

Says coughing fit good excellent just let yourself cough that's your body purging you know most people would freak out when people start having coughing and choking fits. I don't because that's how we're venting that's how we're clearing and purging the emotional toxicity that's locked in our nerves constant yawning is an excellent excellent sign let it happen the secret to this is letting it happen most people see we're not taught to do that we're not taught to let these things out and. So the moment we start having some kind of a response we try to lock it down or we try to make it happen faster and that actually slows it down right. The hardest part about these purging exercises is letting them happen right.

But as it melts these blocks are gone and now all of a sudden there's space for something better and that's what we want to do we want to clear space in your system. So that you can fill it with something better okay. Patty says saw round circle shrinking and melting away from black to white tried to lift pick and felt spring back super cool very good okay. Same thing.

H uh. Jesse can you. I don't. I'm assuming we're talking about a religious experience and not the movie.

Deliverance would that be true yeah because what happens in um in the. Christian well not just the. Christian. But all spiritual.

Traditions the. First phase is what we call re death and rebirth. So what happens is the old versions of yourself have to die and what that means is is that an emotional identification changes you're who you are what you believe what you think you're capable of what you deserve all that kind of dies it's a metaphorical. But also a literal death and when that stuff is gone it creates space for.

Divine. Light to come in and that's what we call being filled with the. Holy. Spirit and being born again right.

It's the same. Alchemy okay. Um yep yeah again again we can we can take these same processes and wrap and and we can insert it into a. Christian tradition a.

Buddhist tradition a. Dallas tradition it doesn't matter what the spiritual system is the method ology or the the process we need to go through is the same we have to clear and. Then add more light to become more. Divine that's why they call it.

Enlightenment because we're getting rid of stuff which makes us lighter and that space allows us to bring more. Divine. Light in more. Heavenly light in which makes our.

Radiance stronger. So it's. Enlightenment on on on several different levels okay. Right.

So this is the big piece remember if you're if you're if you're trying to if you're playing the denial game what does that mean well. I'm just going to do these affirmations and when. I have a negative feeling coming up. I'm just going to ignore it and focus on the positive one well the more negativity that's down there the more repetitions you have to do to overcome it and you're still because you're denying or ignoring you're actually adding more energy to the negative energy it's better to purge and.

Then add rather than try to add and ignore and overpower it can it work eh it can it's a awful lot harder to do okay. Let's see here. So pagas is saying need to separate the different emotions acknowledge the lessons to feel the positive now that that the negative is let go perfect now what if we want to make something better could we use this technique to make something better what do you think type it in the chat this is the. Q&A part all right.

So before we go on to how to make things better. I want to remind you that we're coming in it's we got about maybe 22 minutes left on tonight's webinar. So if you want to really get good at this stuff you need to click one of those links and uh and reserve your your ticket for the. VIP training in.

March and and get the vide. So you can you have everything and get that three day that 90-day um. Hands-On training in. The.

Mastermind um and. Moss will post those links for you guys to do let me just remind you of what it is we're giving away or we s we're offering you for lack of a better word and. Then uh we'll go on to how to make stuff better okay. So once again the offer tonight doesn't get much better than this guys this is one of the most powerful and empowering programs or packages.

I've ever put together. I really really really uh if you're tired of suffering if you're tired of of of feeling less than if you're tired of missing out if you're tired of holding yourself back remember you got to have an identity that supports the change and you got to take the action the action is real simple you just got to click that link and do the do the drills to get the skills you're going to get the secrets of. Personality transformation ultr mind control training home study course 14 videos includes the seven stage identity by. Design system plus the manual the online community which is our.

NLP power. Planet. David group $2,497 value it's absolutely pric you're going to get the identity by. Design hypnotherapy home study course valued at $1,497 we're going to give that to you free you're going to get the hidden.

Laws of. Attraction manifestation mind control master class $1,497 we're going to give that to you absolutely free you're going to get the. Renegade reframing objection obliteration and speed conversational change work. So $1,997 value we're going to give that to you absolutely free you're going to get the stealth.

CPI. Universal persuasion protocol 1,99 $97 value we're going to give that to you free you're going to get the stealth instant conversational hypnosis crash course you're going to get the. NLP power. Mastermind mentoring group trial and you're going to get the free.

VIP. Anything. Goes. Super ticket to our.

Next identity by. Design training total combined value for all this is $1 15,22 if you were to try to buy them individually which some of these you can't okay. You can get it all for one low installment at just $9.97 or if you need a little help you can break that up into three easy installments of just 3.97 and you know one of my my mentors used to say if you're not going to do this what are you going to do instead right. What are you gonna do what what training can you do for this amount that will get you the level and scope of change and empowerment that um that you get from this how much what what what how are you.

GNA get the. Hands-On training the face. Toof face time with me how you. GNA get all the feedback and the support this is one of the most powerful and life-changing things you will ever do.

So please not for me my life's not going to change except to get better. But it's not going to be doing that as a result of you deciding to change your life for the better you have to decide are you ready to be different if it is click that link just click the link click the link click the link and that's that's my pitch that's my offer are you ready to change click that link now uh www.npower.com. MD or click the links that. Moss is posting if you have questions reach out to.

Mia or. Moss at 858 282 4663 all right. So let's say we want to make something better the. First thing.

I want you guys to do is clean out the crap. So if you make a list of everything that you want. First thing. I want you to do is do the little write it out and repeat it out loud exercise and notice where in your body the positive feelings are notice where in your body the negative feelings are use the magic frame technique that we just did to clear out the negative stuff.

Then what. I want you to do is. I want you to use your imagination now and. I call this an alternate reality movie.

I want you to make a movie in your mind of the best case scenario like what you really want and make it awesome right. I want you to make that movie. I want you to make it big like a drive-in movie theater you know let's just do this together all right. So we just cleared some blocks out right.

But those blocks were connected to something that you really wanted true or not true if it's true type it in the chat okay. Okay. We're going to do this in two phases the. First one is what we call the color breathing phase the.

Next one is called the framing phase okay. And. Then there's going to be color breathing with the frame. So what.

I want you to do is. I want you to close your eyes. Now all the way down and. I want you to think about that thing that you want make it awesome.

I want you to make it big in your your mind like a drive-in movie theater screen. Crystal. Clear like an. IMAX.

Turn. Up. The. Sounds the smells.

The. Taste the feelings best result ever and. I want you to keep editing the movie until it's the best it can be what might it be like to have that. I want you when when it's perfect in every way.

I want you to run that movie over and over and over again in your mind not once not twice. But hundreds and thousands of times at the speed of thought with each repetition. I want you to make it 10 times stronger a hundred times more powerful a thousand times more thrilling fulfilling and satisfying than ever before until it overwrites and it replaces every experience you've ever had before and. Then it just keeps getting better and better and better still and as you step into that movie and live it.

First person over and over and over again. I want you to notice something. I want you to become aware that there's a place in your body if the visualization is changing let it change as long as it's good right. Watch it over and over and over again until it takes on a life of its own okay.

I want you to notice something that as you step into that movie and you live it over and over and over again. I want you to notice that there's a place in your body body where those wonderful feelings start where they grow where they spread from take a moment recognize where you feel it and point to it as you point to where you feel it in your body look. Inside with your inner eyes. And notice there's a color maybe even a series of colors connected to those amazing feelings.

First impression what color or color is it now you don't color colors might that be for you now remember. I don't want you to type in. I don't want you typing anything just follow my instructions what color colors might that be for you. First impression now with each repetition of that movie.

I want you to notice how those colors begin to grow they begin to expand they begin to fill the entire room from floor a ceiling from wall to wall and all points in between notice how they wrap themselves around you like an amazing blanket of transformation of revelation of manifestation a cocoon a shield a suit of armor wrapping you protecting you from all downers all lost real or imaginable at the same time flooding your mind flooding your body flooding your spirit and notice with each repetition through that amazing new reality movie those feelings in your body begin to grow they begin to fill your entire being from the top of your head to the tips of your toes and all points in between and. Then they just keep getting stronger and stronger and stronger until they become. So strong. So powerful they begin to radiate radiate radiate from your body like the.

Rays of the sun forming a beautiful colored frame around that new reality movie that you've created and when you're ready to own it to embody it to personify it completely. I want you to reach out with both of your hands grab that picture and the reality inside of it lift it up over your head expand it to fill the infinite universe and. Then grab that reality and from head to toe mind body and soul move it through your entire being from head to toe over and over and over again and notice what happens to any part of your mind any part of your body any part of your spirit that was vibrating out of harmony with this new reality keep passing that colored frame and that reality through your body until every level of your neurology psychology energy. Body.

Spirit body is vibrating in complete and perfect harmony with this new reality now as people go through this process they go through all kinds of interesting. Transformations some people break out into the sweat some people laugh some people yawn some people cry some people twitch some people feel tingle some people feel chill some people feel waves of emotion coming up. However your body does it it's just your neurology resetting itself it's the emotional and vibrational detox there's no. Need for you to measure it manage it or make it happen faster just notice that process taking place allow it to install itself completely and when you know it's done it's locked in test it try to go back to that old version version of yourself and notice what happens instead when you're satisfied stop testing and.

Then type in the uh in the chat what you experienced take all the time you need there's no. Rush. I'll stay on as long as. I need to a says calm if visualizing is challenging pretend.

Julie says that's good stuff calm excellent. Serenity and allowance of it happening with no. Judgment perfect. I'm assuming these are good things right.

Yes. Or yes. Okay. So tharus says numbness tingles in left foot left hand nice feelings your body's de gazing perfect perfect ready to take it to another level okay.

Dr. Victor says sure confident capable. Jill says warm glowy and happy uh flame burning bright. Is melting excellent okay.

So everything thing we just did was what we would consider somnambulistic trans. In classical hypnosis didn't look. Like it did it right. Doesn't respond to the same kind of um the.

The. Stereotype yes. There will be a replay carry sleepy that's fine that's actually quite normal right. Here's the thing there's no.

Such thing as an abnormal response to this what you're doing is triggering transformation you're doing actual real. Alchemy okay. But you're doing it in a way that your autonomic nervous system understands exactly what you want it to do okay. There's no.

Right. Or wrong right. Because as long as you understand the. Dynamics and the principles that govern how your autonomic nervous system processes big word coming subjective.

Human. Experience you can make any change you want okay. But let's talk about how do we take it one step further how do we circumvent or how do we work in harmony with how our nervous system wants to create possibilities for us now the. First the majority of this webinar was all about discovering what we want isolating it figuring out what's in the way and how to get out of it.

But what if there was a way to not just remove limiting beliefs which is what we've been focusing on what if there was a way to circumvent them what if there was a way for us to rather than focus on all the reasons why we can't do something what if there was a way that we could actually tap into the power of our belief system and our unconscious mind and find the actual resources the actual reasons that it would actually be willing to act on that would unlock energetic and emotional and um motivational reserves that we didn't know have would that be helpful would that be useful okay. So that's where we're going. Next for this one we're going to need to do some writing okay. So let me pull up my uh my screen.

I'm gonna see if. I can actually find a a previous lesson where. I taught this otherwise okay. Okay.

So. So what we're going to talk about. Next is called the information process this is a way that you can give yourself practically irresistible hypnotic suggestions okay. Everything we're doing depending on what your background is you can think of it as neural.

Linguistics you can think of it as hypnosis you can think of it as chiong you can think of it as energy psychology you can think of it as magic it doesn't care what you call it okay. Because it's all the same. But whatever word or label gives you the most. Comfort use that they give it as intense meditation intense prayer creative visualization it doesn't matter okay.

I have a cool term. I use called. Neuromancer system. But some people find that a little creepy.

So um. But. I consider myself a. Neuromancer.

So. So here's what's gonna happen. I want you to think of something you want and. I want you to create what you want like if you guys all know how to do affirmations right.

Yes. Or yes. Okay. So let me let me share my screen really quick.

So in a classic affirmation uh you might things like you might do say things like. I feel more deserving of money. I have a sixf fig business um. I attract the of my life.

I'm becoming more. Fearless. I being more confident. I'm being more empowered being more happy right.

These are all just some samples of in affirmations we might give ourselves now. I'm. I'm running out of time. So.

I'm going to skip a little bit of the the compare contrast that. I normally do and what. I want you to do now is. I want you to write your affirmation in this structure.

I am becoming or. I have or. I do or. I well that's this close enough.

So one of any of these these start with this. I am becoming. X because that a little bit smaller now these are all also in now the the advanced versions of these are also in your hidden. Laws of.

Attraction course. So again. I don't have time to do everything. I have.

X because. I do. X because okay. So pick one of these pick the one that pick the structure that best fits the information or the the suggestion you want to give yourself and when you have it.

So let's say. I wanna um let's say. I want to attract my soulmate. I am attracting my soulmate because.

I know what. I want right. So what we're doing now is in this portion that we're underlining. I want you to let your unconscious mind fill in the blank this is the secret to this.

So. I. I am attracting my soulmate because. I know what.

I want now if. I ask myself that same question. I am attracting my soulmate because. I might get a different answer when.

I ask my unconscious mind it might say because. I know where to look. Right. Are either of the is wrong no.

If your unconscious mind generated the response that you fill in the blank with it's right. Right. Does everybody understand what. I'm asking you to do here let me just jump out of this really quick you guys understand what.

I'm asking you to do. So whatever it is you want to manifest pick the structure that best uh fits what you're you're going to ask your unconscious mind to do and you're going to start by saying the sentence out loud letting your unconscious mind fill in the blanks and writing those down. So if. I want to have a six-figure business.

I might say. I am now. I now have a sixf figureure business because. I like money.

I now have a six figure business because. I know how to make it work. I now have a six-figure business because. I love what.

I do right. I now have a sixf figureure business because. I love making a difference whatever pops up from within you are the actual reasons that your neurology will take action okay. So pick a structure and fill in the blank do at least three or four of these and write them out or type them out.

But. I want you to this is this is important these are suggestions that your unconscious mind has to accept because it created them and the unconscious mind the autonomic nervous system never resists itself and what the unconscious mind creates the unconscious mind accepts these are. Unbreak these are um. Unstoppable suggestions because you don't resist yourself right.

So when you're done type done and. Then type one example of your information your information in the chat. So. I see that you've done it right.

I have my desired life because. God gave me okay. You might want to finish that sentence rinky all right. Once you've typed done you've typed your sample um suggest question in the chat.

I want you to stand up and just like before. I want you to read those out loud three or four times each and notice what happens to your body. So. Julie says.

I have my. First successful business because it is my turn boom. I have my successful life because. I am simply blessed.

I always have everything. I want because boom. I have more clients because. I'm an expert yes.

Hello. David uh very much like your content. But when you do. NLP suggestions.

I don't feel anything okay. When. I do. NLP suggestions or when you're doing this process of giving yourself.

NLP suggestions that's not really clear for me okay. So for those of you who are standing up and reading these out loud what's happening in your body. So. Dr.

Victor says. I have four five figure a month business because. I easily receive uplifting positive creative ideas yes. Perfect structurally correct structurally correct you guys got this right.

Congratulations you just build the bullet for your gun. So what's happening when you're repeating these things out loud what's happening in your body what's happening in your mind. Dominique labl says my body body is positioning and feels ready yes. Good perfect structure it's all about the structure guys this is one of the things where.

NLP and hypnosis intersect is. NLP is about the structure of subjective. Human. Experience hypnosis is all about the content of that.

Human. Experience crazy high says interesting right. You're feeling a little bit of energy building up in your body true not true excellent okay. Throat is tight mark it on your little body map.

So you can go back and fix it. Later energy and excitement excellent now. I want you to pick one. I want you to pick one before we do that.

Patty says. I don't feel like. I'm tricking my lying to myself anymore that's right. That's correct you got you nailed it pad yeah my throat is tight okay.

So those of you experiencing throat tightness in your throat there's a couple of reasons for that on your little body chart that. I had you create write that down and use your magic frame tool on that tightness after the webinar. So. Jess says.

I am deserving of a sixf figureure income because. I am a millionaire perfect he gets excited isn't that what you want to feel excited you think you might take action on things now yes. Or no. Can it be that fast yeah if you understand the.

Dynamics of the system you were born with it's all part of your unconscious programming it's part you're hardwired for this guys you're literally hardwired for this okay. But if you don't if nobody teaches you the. Dynamics and teaches you how to think about these things you're going to assign a negative narrative to it and think it's bad right. That throat tightening thing is a good thing you just haven't realized why it's good yet right.

No. Finum. Ren can you spin for another who refuses to spin themselves even though. I told them they don't have to believe [Music] it yes.

And no. I. I'll leave it at that it's not the it feels metaphysical it's because it is crazy it is metaphysical. But it's also very physical right.

Again this is not the webinar to parse those subjects um. But trust me you are tapping into from a from a neur neuroscience perspective from an energy psychology perspective you're very much tapping into the magical forces that bind your mind body together and create your reality or the be ability to transform and manifest reality tharus is saying. I have a beautiful home with my family because we. Des deserve it yes.

Now think about how long you would normally have to do an a a regular affirmation to feel this level of energy. I feel that color pumping throughout my body feels great excellent you guys ready to take it to another level yes. Or yes. All right.

Now again all the building blocks all the things that. I'm teaching you are part of the overall systems that we're teaching in the uh in the secrets of of. Personality transformation program package if you want the whole system click the link before we log off. So you get not only the the package.

But the live event let me remind you really quick before we do this. Final. Touch um what you're getting and why it's important for you uh to do that right. Um.

So once again 14 videos seven stage identity by. Design. Silo plus the manual it's $2,497 value you get the online community and the people to practice with uh you get that bonus identity by. Design hypnotherapy home study program $1,497 value hidden.

Laws of. Attraction manifestation and mind control. Mastery home study course $1,497 value you get the. Renegade reframe objection obliteration and speed conversational belief change package it's a $1,997 value the bonus stealth.

CPI um. Universal persuasion protocol $1,997 value and. Then you get the fast action bonuses again if you're one of the 21 people to click this link now before. I log off the webinar you'll get these extra fast action bonuses the stealth instant conversation nois crash course $997 value the.

NLP. Mastermind mentoring. Practice. Group trial and the arive $1,597 value and.

Then. Finally the free. VIP identity by. Design live training certification program super ticket $3,150 value the total combined value of this program guys is 1,5 $1 15,22 you can get it all for one low installment at just $9.97 or three easy installments of just 3.97 each just click the link in the in your chats right.

Now www.lpower.com or there was another link an alternative link. U that moss and. Mia were posting you can use that as well if you have questions call. Mia and.

Moss now okay. Call me in. Moss now get your name on our list list get. So we can follow up and make sure that you're taken care of 858 282 4663 that's 858 282 4663 operators are standing by as they say um in that part of the world all right.

Let's put the cherry on this. Sunday shall we here's what. I want you to do should close your eyes. I want you well actually before you close your eyes.

Look. At your list pick one pick one of your. Yin formations that you want to work with repeat it out loud three times. So you know what it is you're saying and.

Then what. I want you to do. I want you to close your eyes. And from the bottom of your gut like in your lower.

DN here. I want you to imagine a beam of light coming up through your body and like a a spotlight emanating out into the world. I want you to speak that information out loud five times speak it out loud five to seven times with a rising emotion over and over again till your body is absolutely vibrating and pulsating with that energy. So.

I might be. I now have a six-figure business because. I'm attracting my soulmate because. I'm attracting my soulmate because.

I am getting. David's program now because. I am taking action now because. BL whatever it is.

I don't care get it out there get your body engaged as you do that as you're saying these things out and you're feeling the power welling up from inside of you. I want you to notice that there's a place in your body where those feelings start where they grow where they spread from point to where you feel it if there were a picture floating in the space around you that represents that experience that feeling a picture that you could. Reach. Out.

And. Touch. First impression where would you reach out to touch it now let's make sure we got the right. One take both of your hands trace the outline of that picture with both of your hands.

So you know how big it is and here's what. I want you to do. I want you to grab it and. I want you to play with it.

I want you to make it bigger make it smaller move it closer to your body move it away from your body move it in your body move it out of your body each time you change the size and location of that picture. I want you to notice that the feelings and the intensity of those feelings change as well and when you're ready only when you're ready. I want you to take the index finger of your dominant hand and in big massive glowing colored letters. I want you to write that information across that massive screen as many times as you need to as many times as you want to to lock it in when you've got that.

I want you to grab that picture again and. I want you to play with it. I want you to make it bigger make it smaller move it in your body move it out of your body notice how every time you change the size shape and location of that picture the feelings and the intensity and the quality of those feelings change as well and. I want you to keep playing with this picture guys until you find the exact size shape and location that gives you the exact feeling that you want to have at the exact intensity level that you want to have it when you find that sweet spot.

I want you to fix it into place. I want you to notice how the feelings in your body shift and change as the energy flows from that picture to your body from your body to your heart from your heart to your bloodstream from your bloodstream every place your blood flows those feelings go into every nerve and every cell and every atom into the very. DNA of those cells transforming reprogramming turning each and every cell of your body into a powerful. Perpetual manifestation machine each cell of your body each aspect of your neurology generating a facilitating creating all the necessary changes and.

Transformations for you to manifest this reality in the exact way that you need it in the exact way that you want it there's no. Need to measure it manage it or make it happen faster notice how that energy moves into your body into the. DNA transforming and reprogramming take all the time you need to let those. Transformations those manifestations those suggestions lock in there's no.

Need to measure it manage it or make it happen faster just notice that process taking place allow it to install itself completely when you know it's done it's locked in test it try to go back to the old version of yourself and notice what happens instead when you're satisfied stop testing notice how different you feel type what you experienced in the chat take all the time you need let the process happen you guys must be really processing shimone oppenheim says thumbs up anybody else back balanced blotty says feels good okay. What' you notice what' you learn what did you discover. Kim says strong confidence good is this useful d says feeling easy. Jill says feels good.

Dominique is all happy and hearty very good all right. So what you've learned today is that if you want to be better at anything you got to be playful you've learned there are four basic default driver states that move you forward that we want to install as default mechanisms you've learned that everything human beings do is in response to a feeling a feeling they want more of or a feeling they want a whole lot less of right. You've learned that if you can wow it got more powerful the more. I said it that's how.

I know she did it because that's what happens. Joe says that icky part is gone and the the there feels no. Block anymore. Lonnie.

Martin says yes. Love that trans session. David sir you're very welcome right. This is the worst you'll ever be this only gets stronger the more you use it okay.

First thing you got to do is know how your system works. Second thing you got to know how to do is get rapport with your inner mind embody and control your state. JB says. I'm living in the end that's a good thing.

I'm assuming right. Right. So here's my here's my ask right. If you got value from tonight's webinar if we showed you things about how to unleash the magic buried inside each of you you owe to yourself to click the link and come for more training this is the tip of a very large very powerful very deep iceberg right.

I get it if some of you maybe you're not you're not there yet. I. I'm cool with that. But if you got even a little bit of juice out of tonight click the link and get the rest of it okay.

This is a system that we put in place to help you transform yourself and help you transform others right. We want to change the world starting one person at a one person at a time starting with you. I'm just. I'm not.

I'm not there's not enough of me to go around. I need to train you guys to go out and leverage the power okay. Um if you did enjoy the the training tonight please like and share the video tell people about it. Point them to us.

So we can help more people the more people that know what we do and how we do it the more the world's going to change right. We change the world one person at a time all right. I enjoy this this work with you. I love sharing with you please post your questions and your comments and your opinions um to the the section when this video goes live uh for the replay um remember that when.

I log off the webinar um all the bonus all the fast action bonuses go away. So if you've been on the fence it's. Do or. Die time right.

That being said. I had fun. I hope you did too please share like post do whatever and in the words of the immortal. Carol.

Bernette. I'm. So glad we had this time together just to have a laugh or sing a song seems we just got started and before you know it comes the time we have to say. So long good night my friends.

I love you all. God bless. Rock the world take names trance everyone and make their lives better you got the power the power is in you use it. God bless.
