Title: Weapons of Social Seduction: Defense Against The Dark Arts Training
File Name: ZbNrtOHo9oo.txt
Video Id: ZbNrtOHo9oo
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZbNrtOHo9oo

Foreign foreign make sure that the chat function is working right. So everybody can talk to everyone. Zoom foreign hey everyone this is. Dr.

David checking in with you as you can see we're going through our free game warm-up because as is. So often the case anytime you don't check the. Gremlins sneak in. So we're checking in the meantime feel free to.

Talk. Amongst yourselves uh have a good time can if you can all hear me by the way just type a thumbs up or a heart or something uh in your chat box. So. I know that this is getting through okay.

There is a little bit of a delay uh between when. I speak through the zoom uh platform and it shows up in your feed. But the chats tend to be in real time. So um again today is going to be another deep dive into the.

Art and. Science of manipulation and how to protect yourself against it as well as how to ethically influence people to do what you want them to do uh to create very powerful win-win relationships. Patty's giving me a thumbs up we got. Frank saying hi we got.

Monroe giving me a thumbs up we got. Casanova yay hey. Lulu thank you for the heart all right. You may hear me whining and covetching in the background as.

I deal with my technology. But uh hopefully you'll all uh you all bear with us again like. I said we started about 4. P.M.

Pacific give or take um this is gonna be a long one someone says uh you are audible doc thank you this will be a long one. I don't do short webinars um. I grew up on this idea that if people are willing to show up for your event you need to give them the best you possibly can and point them in the direction of where to go for more if that sounds like a plan for you and you you want to invest the. Next two and a half to three hours uh give me a thumbs up.

Thanos says stealth really works for me by the way yes. Very good. I love hearing that you know. I created the stealth system back in.

I actually created it back in there in like the early 2000s. I. I didn't actually. I designed it for me.

I didn't. I didn't design it for anybody else. But me. I never had the intention to teach it um hey ran from the.

Netherlands checking in um and. Then uh when. I became the president of. The subnambulistic.

Sleepwalkers in. Los. Angeles uh what's the world's largest. NLP and hypnosis.

Practice. Group. I realized that there were people out there who were struggling with the things that. I struggled with and they they for whatever reason didn't have a exposure to the tools.

So it was part of the fun and sharing. I just started showing bits and pieces of the system. I developed for myself and people took. To it like a duck to water and uh it became the very.

First product we ever created uh from the. NLP power that would become the. NLP power organization and it's still actually one of our the original program is actually one of our top sellers today. Believe.

It or. Not uh you can still get it on our. NLP power website there's. Manfred checking in from.

Germany. Michelle's checking in from. Victoria. Australia what we got a real.

International crowd today. I love this this is awesome. I'm. So happy you're all here all right.

Well. I'm going to go ahead and mute my microphone now um. But. I just wanted to check in a couple of things if this is your.

First time with us and you're used to uh what we call pitch. Fest where they they tease you with stuff you could be doing uh and other people's results for the. First 90 you know hour or. So and.

Then tempt you into buying stuff and. Then answer questions and continue to. Hound you to buy stuff that's really not how this webinar works this is a class uh it's a very participation dependent class. So the more you actively do the drills the more you'll generate an experience that opens a door to your persuasion powers that you didn't even know were there maybe you suspected.

But maybe you didn't know how to access them. I'm going to teach you how to do that tonight. I'm going to take you as far as. I can in the time that we have and.

I'm going to point you in the direction of where to go for more a couple of things if you have questions. I love questions. But if the question isn't directly relevant to what. I'm teaching on the webinar.

I'm going to defer that question until. Later. Barbara. T is also checking in from.

Australia awesome um if you really want that question answered when this the replay of this video goes live all. I want you to do is just go to the comment section below this video type your question in. I make it a point three four five times a day to go through through all of my comments and. I delete the trolls and.

I answer the people who have legitimate honest questions and. I point people in the direction of where to go to level up or take the. Next level. So that's my commitment to you if you have questions and you want me to answer them if.

I don't get to them in this webinar. Then by all means just go to the comments section after the webinar video and. I will absolutely make sure to answer those questions for you and. I'll point you if.

I know the answer. I'll tell you if. I don't know the answer. I'll tell you that too and.

I'll point you in directions where. I think you can get those questions answered also um my veterans those of you who've been around. Planet. David three four five six months years.

However long it's been if you see somebody asking a question in the chat that you have direct experience using our. Technologies and our techniques to fix or to satisfy please reach out to those people without you know being too distracting and tell them your experience using the techniques that you've learned uh in our community and how they've changed your life and how in the results that you've gotten everybody expects me to stand up and say my stuff's the greatest thing since sliced bread and if you just do what. I tell you you'll get amazing results too you expect me to do that what a lot of people aren't often expecting is how many of our students who've gotten taken this material and gone out with just a few pieces and transformed their lives using these things. So you as.

Planet veterans you have real world experience using these techniques and these. Technologies share that success with these people who are brand new let them know that this is the real deal right. And and if you just do these things the way we teach them to you'll get amazing results right. And you'll just keep getting better.

Anyway uh make sure you have things to drink. I. I recommend highly caffeinated beverages or things that are high in oxytocin um. So if that's coffee great if it's green tea great um if you like chocolate chocolate is a great deliverer of oxytocin into the system um you can.

I think. I've heard avocados also have a pretty high degree of oxytocin in them. So if you're a bit of a health nut go the avocado route they're not nearly as fun or sexy as chocolate. But hey you do what you got to do the idea behind this is the more neuroplastic we can make your brain during the.

Transformations that goes we're going through in this webinar the more rapidly these changes will stick okay. Um. I'll probably jump on maybe five or six minutes um before the webinar goes live just for my. Zoomers to kind of reiterate these things um remember this if.

Politically. Incorrect language colorful metaphors swearing or the word boobies offends you this is probably not the best use of the. Next you know uh 120 to 180 minutes of your time right. And my intention is never to offend anyone.

But. I do have a very provocational presentation style because. I want to provoke emotions in you if. I'm not delivering emotionally based content.

Then. I'm not being effective we're gonna and uh a lot of what we're going to talk about tonight um is going to center around this concept of emotional uh influence emotional influence strategies and why these things are. So important both in terms of getting your own way in life. But also in protecting yourself from the manipulators of the world okay.

Um. I love questions. But like. I said.

I'm gonna. I'm gonna go as far down this. Rabbit. Hole as.

I can and point you in the direction of where to go to take the. Next. Step. So if everybody's cool with that just type.

I'm cool with that in the chat. I don't care if you're in. Zoom. I don't care if you're joining us on.

YouTube um again a lot of this. I'm going to repeat just for the sake of comprehensiveness and making sure that the people who join us late don't misunderstand where. I'm going with these things um the other thing we'll talk about is what we call the free form webinar all of our webinars are done in three phases the. First phase is the foundations phase that's where we give you all the foundations all the principles that we're going to be working with the.

Second phase is the. Next level phase where we teach you how to take the skills that you're learning to the. Next level and. Then the.

Final. Phase is what we call the application and and uh specificity phase where we're going to take the the principles that the foundations that we've laid out in part one of the webinar we're going to customize it to the applications that you guys actually want to focus on and we'll spend the rest of our time together. Skilling and drilling on those particular techniques there are certain techniques. I always teach in every webinar because they are such an important foundational and fundamental part of moving through the world with power and influence that to not talk about them would do you a serious would put you at a serious disadvantage.

So one of the things you'll see is every webinar has as things that are the same every webinar has things that are very very different and customized to the people on the webinar. So you're going to want to stay till the very end of this webinar. So you can get the most bang for your buck and you can go out into the world and start influencing people um ethically and honestly. But also protect yourself from the evil.

Jedi of the world the siths. So to speak. So that being said uh. I see tons of people in in the chats.

I'm excited um to work with you guys and. I will see you at 4 pm. Tata hey ladies and gentlemen this is. Dr.

David checking in it's our five minute pregame warm-up like we always do before our uh our actual event starts welcome to weapons of social seduction defense against the dark arts of manipulation and persuasion and how to ethically influence people to do anything you want anytime you want uh the right. Way the ethical way today is going to be a deep dive into the. Art and. Science of ethical persuasion how to do it ethically honestly and make people like and love and trust you for having done.

So at the same time we're going to lay the foundations for how to protect yourself against the evil manipulators of the world we're going to teach you some basic principles we're going to teach you some basic tactics and techniques that can be used both ethically in terms of persuasion and influence. But they can also be used to help you flag and profile people to catch people in the process of maybe doing things or saying and and try to get you into one down situations for lack of a better word we got about four minutes until the official start of the webinar. So. I'll probably do this again.

But. I just want to pop on and say if this is your. First time with. Planet.

David and you're used to like a 90-minute webinar this is not one of those things this is going to be a long webinar this is going to be a very in-depth webinar and we divide it into three parts the. First part is what we call the foundations phase these are things that you have to know regardless of why you're here whether you're here to learn how to influence people effectively or whether you're here to print yourself against manipulations and unethical attempts at influence you need to understand the principles that we're going to cover in part one we're going to teach you a few hardcore literally bulletproof techniques that you can you don't have to believe in at all you can just take them out into the world and practice these and watch the effect that it has on people. So we're gonna that's gonna take about the. First 60 to 60 minutes maybe sometimes 70 minutes depending on on what how things develop part two of the webinar is where.

I teach you how to take your skills to the. Next level we've specialized over the past few years we've really focused down on how do we help our at-home students learn these things without having to travel to a live event with me now let me be very clear. I want you to come to. Live.

Events. I want to be in the room with you for five seven eight days whatever it is. But the truth is is that many of you because of the chronicomic economic situation job constraints family constraints you can't you can't get here. So.

I sat down and. I battled with this problem how can. I create a program how can. I compute a series of programs that will help you level up uh and give you the greatest degree of training and information that you can practice on your own.

So. I think in part two. I'm going to introduce you to some ways that you can actually learn these things from home uh and if you choose to level up even more we'll show you how that what that looks like part three we're going to circle back and we're going to build on the foundations that we laid in part one of the webinar we're going to give you more strategies more tactics more information. But most importantly we're gonna tailor the content of today's webinar to the exact applications that you as a group want to focus in on maybe that's lie detection maybe that's profiling maybe it's reframing maybe it's removing resistance to persuasion and influence um you know whatever that is.

I'm going to spend the. Next part three of this webinar just drilling down on those things and once again reminding you and showing you how to take your skills to the. Next level now you're going to have questions and uh. I'm gonna.

I'm gonna jump. I got about less than a minute. So. I'm gonna.

I'm gonna officially start the webinar and. Then. I'll. I'll pick up where.

I'm leaving off right. Now. So give me about 30 seconds hello hello oh wait a minute gotta turn on the turn on my recording hello hello everyone this is. Dr.

David. Snyder coming at you live from. San. Diego the mega.

Platinum house and uh we call the. NLP power headquarters and we're going to be talking today about weapons of social seduction defense against the dark arts of manipulation and the secrets to ethical persuasion um this is not if you're used to webinars that are like 90 minutes or whatever um this you're going to be a little disappointed because our webinars are not short because. I'm just gonna. I'm just gonna own that uh.

Ali's asking. David can you please teach us the best way to attack well that's a great question. Ollie and the answer is. I'm going to teach you that.

But you won't realize. I'm doing it okay. Today's webinar is all about influence and persuasion both on the good side of the of the line and the not. So good side of the line.

So one of the things that we're going to focus on over the coming 90 you know three hours or. So is how to control and direct yours and other people's emotions. So it can't be done against your will we're going to talk about the secrets of irresistible human influence charismatic communication on command how to win arguments and overcome objections it will and and. So.

So much more one of the things that. I always come back to when. I teach these webinars. First of all influence and persuasion is one of my.

First loves um this is something. I am very very passionate about um this in martial arts have given me just about every good thing in my life and and. So uh. I take.

I. I take these things very seriously in a fun playful way and we're going to talk about that. But let's get to let's let's go through some basic rules for tonight's webinar because. I think it's important to understand.

I've been doing this a long time like literally. I taught these things in. Los. Angeles for free for almost 10 in.

San. Diego for almost 10 years before. I was willing to even charge money uh to teach these people because. I wanted to make sure that.

I was giving people the most value. So is this the right. Place for you. First and foremost if you're interested in becoming anybody here by show of hands uh interested in becoming more attractive to the opposite sex if you are type that's me in the chat right.

Go ahead and just type it in the chat raise your hand or type that's me how many people here would like to be more charismatic would like to be able to just have people hanging on your every word and just wanting to do what you want them to do because they get something out of it because they actually feel like they're getting everything they want by doing what you want would that would that be a good way to move through the world right. Cool right. That's how. I live that's that's one of the things you know it's funny you type into chat.

GTP uh about. Dr. David. Snyder and the thing that comes up is connection.

Integrity honesty all these you know authentic. Communications things and that's what's really funny to me uh because one of our most powerful programs which we'll be talking about and a lot of the material that you're going to be learning tonight comes from that course it's called killer influence and the the ironic thing about killer influence is the title killer influence secrets of covert hypnosis. But you know the the the prime directive in the killer influence system is to move through the world making everyone you meet feel amazingly good and getting everything they want by doing what you want right. It's something.

I. I was a principle that. I learned uh many many years ago from. Zig.

Ziglar and it's something that has really lighted my path and. I've. I've trod some pretty dark paths in terms of influence and persuasion. I've taught you know a lot of my teachers are famous and a lot of my teachers were infamous okay.

So. I'm and. I own it right. You've got to study both sides of this and this is why when.

I'm teaching you how to protect yourself against the dark arts there's a couple of things that a lot of people don't want to embrace there's a lot of things that people don't want to look. At and one of those is what. I call the will to influence okay. If you want these tools to be available to you you must have the will to use them okay.

Knowing them isn't enough you must have a skill and an ability to deploy and a. Nintendo willingness to deploy a lot of times. I. I know a lot of people in the.

Marshall has been a martial artist most of my life and. I know a lot of good black girls that have they've gotten their asses whooped because they thought having that belt around their waist is going to protect them from the street fighter someone who's more than willing to throw the. First punch and keep throwing punches until the person stops moving right. There are predators in the world and now.

I'm not trying to scare you. But in some in some ways. I am there are people out there who view kindness as weakness who view people who are loving and kind and generous as prey maybe not physical prey in the terms of um like they're gonna beat you up although they're out there too. But people who are soft who are soft hard who are kind who are generous who want who are willing to give things or be martyrs for people they love and there's a whole victimology there's a whole psychology that these.

Predators possess now you don't need to be a predator to use the skills. I'm going to teach you. But it really is important to at least understand how they think and be willing to stand up to those people. I know it's kind of a bit of a downer at.

First. But. I just. I just want to be.

I just want to be straight with you guys right. A lot of times you know people say just say these magic words and and stuff will happen well no. No. You have to have the will to use these things does this resonate if if you if you're if you're with me.

So far and. I haven't scared you off type. I'm with you in the chat go ahead and do that okay. Good good good good all right.

Um let me look. At how many people actually have in my chat today okay. All right. Uh.

YouTubers there's a little bit of a delay between when. I speak here on the chat and when people get my message. But um all right. So let's go back to um administrative stuff a if you want to get the most out of tonight's webinar.

I'm going to run you through a bunch of drills tonight okay. I'm gonna talk a lot right. I'm going to run you through a bunch of drills do the drills you don't have to believe a single thing that. I am going to share with you tonight because we spent years honing these things down to basic mechanics if you just do the drill you'll have the experience and in the process of having that experience a byproduct of this training is that you'll you'll open doors and windows in your mind that allow you to exert these these powers and these abilities right.

Um they're cool as hell and they're a lot of fun um and a lot of these things you won't believe and you don't have to believe them you just got to do them okay. So that being said you're always going to have questions and. I love questions. But here's the thing a lot of times the questions.

I get send me down bunny trails and as much as. I love love questions. I reserve the right. To only answer questions that are on point with where we are in the webinar if your question is really burning a hole in your in your mind type it in the chat um just by show of hands how many people are brand new to.

Planet. David just type uh brand new and where you're checking in from in your name uh in the chat okay. Also um what. I will while we're on it what what is it you want to learn today what do you want to take away.

I'll be able to do as a byproduct from tonight's webinar right. Let me repeat that what is it you want to be able to do as a byproduct from tonight's webinar right. Type that in the chat because. Then.

I can start to direct and focus the content tonight to those things that we're going to do in part three right. Can't see you come on guys oh my zoom is not responding can you guys hear me and see me okay. Testing testing one two man. I knew.

I shouldn't have did the energy work right. Before class are we. Frozen okay. My.

YouTubers are with me okay. All right. So hey make sure you have something to write with. B make sure that you have something to write on now.

I know a lot of you like to type right. Typing a work. But for the the impact that we want to have on your nervous system tonight it's actually better to physically write things okay. So.

I've got some kind of. I know my. Zoomers are probably typing away in the chat. But for some reason it's it's not showing up.

But. I see a lot of my. YouTubers. Judy said she left.

Zoom it wasn't working let me just double check um what's going on here hey. Moss are we are we zooming okay. My zoom webinar says not responding all right. Well.

Anyway um guys. I apologize. I don't know what's going on with zoom today um we are five by five here okay. Good all right.

I've got all kinds of weird stuff going on all right. So let's just do this. I'm gonna go down a list of things let's make sure you're in the right. Place if you're in the right.

Place. Barbara says. Zoom is working for her okay. It's just something on my end.

I'm just going to ignore it and just keep going all right. So how many of you would like to banish fear and insecurity from your life and just learn how to deal with with challenging or difficult people go ahead and type that in the chat if that's something you want okay. How many of you would like to make more money from your job book. More clients for your business or get that.

Razer promotion you know that you deserve go ahead and type that that's for me in the chat okay. How many of you would like to protect yourself again point of this webinar protect yourself from the manipulators of the world and easily handle difficult people uh have people thinking feeling and acting the way that you want and not naturally follow their lead if that's something you just type yes. In the chat right. If you would like to call be able to cause anyone you mean to like admire and trust you and even love you type that in the chat go ahead and let me know that that's one thing you want right.

If you like to inspire your employees your children your spouse to do what you want them to do when you want them to do it go ahead and type that in the chat okay. If you'd like to surround yourself this is a big one if you'd like to surround yourself with lots of new trustworthy and loyal friends people who see you who love you who support you in the way that you know and want to be supported go ahead and type that in the chat okay. I have to warn you about that one though if you want people in your life like that you're going to have to make some pretty challenging and tough decisions okay. On one level they're pretty easy.

But on another level they're emotionally not if you'd like if you've ever fantasized about the ability to like put someone under your spell just by talking to them if even if you have zero knowledge of hypnosis go ahead and type that in the chat because we're kind of we're going to flirt with that today if that makes any kind of sense okay. Um. I may have to unfortunately you're just gonna have to be stuck looking at me because now. I can't.

I can't access my um. I can't access my screen share function for some reason not sure what's going on there. But we'll deal with it okay. Um all right.

So. First of all how many new people do we have in the chat just type on new in the chat okay. Good excellent. So new people type your you know if you have questions.

I want you to to just hang in there we're going to get your questions answered. I will. I promise you. I'm not sure what's going on with my my zoom interface maybe during the break.

I'll log out and log back in and see if that changes things. But in the meantime just bear with us and we'll figure it out. So a lot of people ask well who is. Dr.

David. Snyder and why the hell should. I care right. First and foremost.

I am an actual doctor. I have a doctorate in. Chinese acupuncture and. Oriental medicine from the.

Pacific. College of. Oriental medicine um. I've also the number the number one.

NLP trainers in the world ranked by globalgurus.org. I've authored over 15 actually closer to 50. different products on various forms of human influence everything ranging from how to sell better how to uh attract people that to date uh how to heal people vibrational influence remote influence hypnosis hypnotherapy foreign looks like um looks like uh you're getting. David oh natural here pardon my go ahead monsters say author this is my uh my tech guy he's gonna take that computer apart and see what's going on welcome back this is me without. Michael background the world uh it should be back on.

But let me check oh that's why no. That's right. All right. Can you guys hear me now testing testing one two testing testing one two three all right.

Well that's working you guys with me can you hear not on. YouTube all right. Let me see that. I don't know if.

I can um. I don't know what. I can do about our. YouTubers.

But we're gonna switch back computers as soon as we can. So can you um stop and start the. YouTube feed or not. I can stop the.

YouTube feed. But. Then. I don't know how.

I'm going to get back in with them because. I'm using your computer oh. I'm logged on there too hold on a. Second let's try this.

I apologize guys you know these things happen.
