Title: zC_SEEPY6tY.txt
Video Id: zC_SEEPY6tY
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zC_SEEPY6tY

Hello this is david snyder welcome to secrets of human influence i'm your host david snyder and i'll be sharing with you some really really cool stuff about the art and science of how to persuade people a couple of things you should know. First of all i am a teacher who thrives on interactiveness as much as possible. So even though this is a webinar i will be uh i will be asking for your participation in this process um there are some things that you should know other other than that some administrative things i'd like to get out of the way i'll go into my what i like to call the david dog and pony show in just a moment. But uh.

First and foremost if you're if you're used to the standard webinar format where guy comes on he teases you about a bunch of stuff and. Then he says and if you buy my twenty thousand dollar course i'll give you the secrets of the universe you might be a little bit um disappointed um one of the i call what we do uh at planet david a free flow or a free form webinar what i mean by that is um there's a certain process that there's a certain format that we follow and our job here is to deliver as much content to you as uh humanly possible in the average what people have been conditioned to think of as the average time span. So what's going to happen is um uh i'm going to be delivering content for about a solid hour to 90 minutes depending on you know what the flow of the interaction is uh what happens. Then is i'm going to we do have an offer we there we always give people the.

Next step to take for people who want to go further. So uh my my commitment to you and what will happen is i'll teach for a good chunk i'll do the offer and i'll show you what the events we've got coming up and and things of that nature and. Then when that's done i'm going to come back to the main body of the webinar and i'm going to continue to teach for another hour hour and a half. However long it is i'll answer questions and and i'll help to flesh things out things of that nature.

So if you've conditioned yourself to think in the 90 minute time blocks like most webinars are the hour blocks a huge piece of content is going to be delivered in the. First hour combined with the. Next step to take we put some really cool packages together for you that i think you're going to like that are going to really allow you to take these things out into the world and really really take your life to the. Next level in fact you're going to get things in this webinar today that are going to take your life to the.

Next level and we'll again we'll talk about that in a minute. But i wanted to just kind of pre-frame what we're going to be doing together today because if you can if you if this is your. First time with us and you're used to this 90 minute you know tease pitch fest buy my stuff buy my stuff buy my stuff um it's not going to be like that um. But also a lot of people block and schedule their lives around these 90-minute blocks for a webinar.

So if you if you came in expecting uh 90 minutes and. Then you're off to the. Next thing uh understand that we are our webinars tend to go long uh and it's because i think it's important for people to come away from our trainings with things that they can take out into the world and use and feeling like they they actually got something for the investment of time and energy that they put into the webinar. So i am going to ask you to interact with me i'm going to ask you to do certain things because i teach i treat my webinars like a class right.

And. So you're going to come away from this stuff you're going to come away from this with a handful of techniques that you can take out right. Into the world and use and you don't have to believe any single thing i tell you you don't all you got to do is do it right. Don't believe what a single thing david says just do what he tells you to do after the webinar and prove these things to yourself if what i say works for you use it if what i say doesn't doesn't work for you find something that does and since we're on that topic again before i go into the official dog and pony show as i like to call it um if politically incorrect uh colorful uh politically incorrect language colorful metaphors swearing or the word boobies offends you this is probably not the best use of your.

Next 90 minutes to three hours okay. I have a teacher who likes to have fun with the concepts i love to give you stuff that's no. Bs they can take right. Out into the world and use you don't have to believe it for it to work you just got to be willing to do it with a playful attitude if you're willing to do that these things have a high probability of working for you um if this is the scope of every single thing that we could talk about we have time for this much.

So my commitment to you as is always uh from the from the planet david as we like to call it here is i will take you as far as i can in the time that we have and i will show and i will point you in the direction of where to go to take the. Next step if that's what you want to do is that a fair trade type in the chat if you think that's fair nacho business says boobies excellent okay. So couple other things before we jump into the official presentation hey how many of you. First of all type your name and where you're checking in from.

So i know who i'm talking to and. Finally uh if this is your. First time with with us go ahead and type. First time in the uh in the chat and.

So we know and. Then if this is your if this is not your. First time with us have you've been around be bopping around planet david for a while you've been to some of our live events and things like that type that in the chat room and the reason i'm doing that is for the benefit of the new people the people who've never experienced me don't know who i am from adam because i'm going to tell you stuff that's going to seem crazy i'm going to tell you stuff that's going to say that can't possibly that easy can't possibly work that well don't believe me believe the people in the chat the people who've been around for a while who've taken these things out into the world and actually use them right. Because if you yeah you expect me to be biased you expect me to have an agenda and i get that right.

But these people who are here in the chat who are returning and have who've taken this stuff out into the world they're coming back because they've used this stuff and for those of you who who are veterans who are returning to to planet david if you see a question that i miss please please please feel free to answer it in the chat i've got two chats going right. Now because we're doing simultaneously zoom and youtube uh live and there's a delay and and chats go by. So fast i miss the question. So if you're experienced in what we do and you see a question that you have an answer to from you know working with our materials feel free to answer if i see it and it doesn't derail us because i love questions i'm going to tell you that right.

Now which is probably one of the most cool things and frustrating things that i get comments about from people is because when people ask a question i think you deserve the answer and. So many times people ask me a question and i'll go off on a tangent for you know something i was completely not going to talk about and. Then i'll eventually circle back and we'll continue. So that being said um let's go ahead and get started for um.

So how many of you are first-timers i'm just looking real quick okay. Cool. So we've got a lot of cool people got a lot of cool stuff. So.

First of all i i always ask this question especially when i used to do my live events uh here in san diego for years i own the meetup space. So how many people here uh like to do cool stuff go ahead and type in the chat if you're somebody who likes to do cool stuff okay. How many of you like to hang out with cool people if you like to hang out with cool people type that in the chat and. Finally how many of you like to do cool stuff with cool people having fun with things you like to do go ahead and type that in the chat yes.

Yes. Yes. Okay. Cool excellent better than dumb asses indeed indeed and there's a reason it's because one of the things that i have found to be the most important piece to learning how to do these things and i see rob uh mr mckayson's raising his hand there i don't know that i'll have time to deal with everybody who raised oops hold on a.

Second i just lost my um there it is um i don't know a lot of time to deal with raised hands right. Now without going breaking the flow of the webinar. But if i if i can there will be times to ask questions. So um be as playful as humanly possible with this stuff and you're going to find that the stuff you're learning becomes far more powerful okay.

We'll talk about some of that uh during the webinar. So without further ado if it's okay. With you i'd like to go ahead and begin the formal part of our presentation okay. Let's go ahead and let me share my screen oops wait a minute and by the way i do not like powerpoints and.

So you will see me bouncing uh pretty regularly back and forth between them that's just how i roll. But officially welcome to secrets of human influence how to never lose an argument fail a job interview and miss a sale ever again all without lying cheating or stealing i am your host and presenter for today's class david snyder and as is often the case people often ask well who the hell is david snyder and why should i care okay. First and foremost i've authored over 15 different products and various forms of human influence i'm a certified trainer in neuro-linguistic programming i'm also a doctor of acupuncture and oriental medicine what you're seeing there is my diploma a copy of my diploma from the pacific college of oriental medicine i've been a practicing acupuncturist since about 2005. i graduated with my master's degree and. Then i went on for my doctorate in for the.

Last up until from 2017 to about 2019 i was voted that one of among the top two nlp trainers in the world by globalgurus.com this year i was named the number one nlp trainer in the world by global influence and like i said before i've offered over 15 different products on various forms of human influence everything from how to attract people how to win negotiations their work mediation jury selection things of that nature and. So this was kind of a pleasant surprise thanks to the support of wonderful people like you um i've been able to take that number one spot and with your help we'll be able to um you know continue to build on that and for furthermore we had an interesting thing happen uh this year that i i didn't expect at all and that was um this is another letter from globalgurus.com uh based on the new ranking of my nlp development program and it says dear david it is great pleasure to announce that your training program killer influence has been chosen by global peers and ranked as the number one best nlp program in the world you can see it here and we've attached the logo and again there you see all the different courses that were in the running and what's funny is i didn't even know they were doing this um and one of the reasons i point this out is hey i never really built this as an nlp program. But because it's derived from nlp they named it the number one nlp training system in the world and also because the technologies and the um let me go back to this and the techniques i'm going to be sharing with you are pulled directly from the killer influence program okay. I see three people with raised hands and uh maybe stephanie can uh can answer those questions in the chat before we go back.

So one. Second where did my go back to sharing my screen um. So that's kind of cool right. I'm also have a a 10th degree black belt in a martial art called riku kempo i have a fourth degree black belt in shaolin kuntao.

Second degree black belt in kosho kempo. First degree black belt in fonkuru jujitsu i'm also a certified instructor in combat systema cinco mano. Escrima and modern or nice and one of the reasons that i know if you hear me go through this laundry list you may think what the heck does all what do all these things have to do with human influence are what all these things have in common and the. First thing is pattern recognition what does that have to do with human influence well it has everything to do with human influence you see everything human beings do follow patterns those patterns have a structure and once you learn how to perceive the structures of people's behaviors the structures in people's language patterns the structures in people's mechanics they become predictable and it allows you to rapidly begin to predict what people are going to do or what what direction their thoughts are going and once you can recognize the patterns of how a person thinks and how a person behaves you can figure out very very easily how to inject small changes at key points in their patterns to redirect them into places that are more useful for your outcome and more useful for helping people get what you want that being said one of the things that that many people uh have a little bit of hesitancy about when they start wanting to learn about influence is they think that um that they're somehow doing something sneaky or unethical or or what have you human beings are influence-based creatures we in order to function and survive in a society we must by definition have an understanding of how to get people's good will and their desire to do things for us now everything that you're going to learn in today's webinar is completely 100 percent ethical it is also one of the most powerful forms of influence that you can apply and because it's powerful there is the potential that it could be misused.

But if you follow and and you you really internalize the techniques and the technologies i'm going to share with you you'll never have to lie you'll never have to cheat you'll never have to steal all you'll do is move through the world making everyone you meet feel ridiculously good for having encountered you and as a result of that they will cleave to you they will cling to you they will connect with you they will think you're the most fascinating um self self-affirming person that they've ever met and they will want to spend time with you and they will want to do things for you plus you're going to learn exactly how to merge what people's most intense desires are with what you want them to do. So that by doing what you wanted them to do they get everything they want is that a fair trade to move through the world getting everything you want by showing other people how to get what they want is that fair if you think that's a fair trade if that's a good way to move through the world go ahead and type that in the chat for me please okay. Because that's exactly what you're going to learn here today now i'm going to tell you there is a dark side to this stuff and and people who are sociopathic machiavellian narcissistic they get their hands on this technology and and and it's people who don't have it are fair game. So even though i'm teaching you how to use this on the side of the angels there's another side to this that i want you to understand whether you accept it or not it's okay.

If you don't know how to do this if you don't understand how to recognize it you will become a victim of it. So this class is a self-empowerment class it's going to empower you to move through the world doing exactly what i said you could do get everything you want by showing other people how to get what they want and having them feel ridiculously good about it it's also going to empower you in the sense that you're going to be able to detect when other people are trying to do these things to you in a way that is not in your highest interest is that useful if you think that's useful type in the chat for me cool okay. That being said let's go back to the david dog and pony show and uh we'll jump in oh hold on a. Second okay.

I gotta get used my my chat bars keep jumping around. So i'm like okay. So pattern recognition. So this class is for you see if any and again as i as i list these things off just type in yes.

Or check in the chat if you've ever fantasized or thought about how to become super attractive or to members of the opposite sex or make them find you charming or fascinating and irresistible go ahead and put a check in the box if you want to banish fear and insecurity from your life and radiate confidence and assertiveness in your life go ahead and type that in the chat if you'd like to make more money from your job book. More clients for your business get that razor promotion that you know you deserve and maybe even protect yourself from manipulators and people that are difficult to handle go ahead and type that in the chat if you would like to have people thinking feeling and acting the way you want them to do and feel good about it since they naturally want to follow your lead this is probably a good place for you to pay attention if you'd like to use these skills to create massive financial abundance with more than enough money to buy the things you want and. Then some pay close attention because i know people who are doing this right. Now okay.

If you'd like to nail two or three two out of three job interviews on the spot and have them salivating to hire you pay attention right. If you've ever fantasized about what it might be like again these are for the dark these are for the gray area jedi's if you've ever wondered what it might be like to be able to put anyone under your spell just by talking to them even if you have zero hypnosis experience pay attention okay. Okay. Very cool.

So here's my personal promise to you once again if you stay until the end of this webinar i'm gonna show you i am going to teach you the fastest most powerful and direct way to make people like love and trust you i'm going to show you how to have people hanging on your every word how to emotionally bond another human being to you your product or your service and make them want to do what you want them to do and. Then. Finally when you know you're ready i'm going to teach you how to go from interesting information to becoming a master of unstoppable persuasion does that sound like a good agenda for today if you think that's a good a good uh a good format for today go ahead and type that in the chat excellent excellent excellent perfect all right. So here's my question for you this is again the interactive portion of our training here's what i want you to do i want you to type in the chat what is what do you want to learn about today what's the biggest most important question that you have about how to influence others that you'd like the answer to just go ahead and type your answer in the chat because this the answer to this question is going to factor in the very.

First drill that i'm going to share with you how to make this easy okay. I'm all about easy by the way by the way here's the. First thing if you ever sign up for somebody's persuasion class and the. First thing that hits you is confusion get out of the class one of the things that i've learned the the hard way let me uh let me go back to uh not sharing my screen one of the things that i learned the hard way is that if you go to somebody's class and the drills aren't easy if it's a if it's if it's a cumbersome to use technique if it's not fun for you you probably won't use it out in the street you understand that when we start looking at human influence human influence is one of the few places where a little bit of information applied the right.

Way yields tremendous tremendous benefits okay. And. So it's not in this webinar i'm gonna i'm gonna deliver on everything i shared with you today each and every technique that i share with you can satisfy each of those four areas that we talked about there is a full system from which these pieces are derived and we'll talk about how you can learn the whole system. Later on.

But right. Now we want to start with one of the most powerful and useful uh techniques that is out there we call this the echo technique and and here's i hope you i hope you brought something to take notes i really did okay. Um. First thing to understand i want to teach you the secret backdoor to the human nervous system in other words if you'd use this one technique you will literally generate increased rapport a desire to communicate and increased um understanding and comp and attention from that person would that be useful to be able to just walk up to anybody and just instantly have their all their complete attention focused on you and hanging on your every word would that be useful okay.

So here it is here's the very. First technique and the reason i'm teaching it. First is a it's the simplest it's the most ethical it's the most in line with how the neurology is designed to interpret and and analyze and respond to language and it literally forces a person to a pay attention to you in spite of everything else that's going on b to feel like you really get them and understand them. So they fall deeper into rapport and connect with you deeply and it causes them to want to talk more.

So you don't have to how many people here hate small talk just just you know type that if you're one of those people that just hates small talk okay. If you're if you're the kind of person who hates small talk this is going to be the most powerful thing you can learn this saves my ass on a regular basis okay. And i truly mean it it saves my ass on a regular basis. But when you do it it automatically causes people to want to just run off at the mouth and the best part about it is the longer they talk to you the more connected to you they get.

So it's a it's an attraction rapport connection amplifier and it's the simplest technique on the planet and here it is the most powerful words any human being can hear at any given moment are the words that just came out of their mouth literally the words that just came out of their mouth okay. No. It's actually martin it's not their own name because you can overuse a person's own name. But it's very very hard to overuse a person's own words you see in nlp nlp looks at how human beings think and use language in terms of filtering systems right.

And. So what happens is the words that come out of our mouth are a literal representation of every filtering process that has gone that has gone on inside of us. So think of it like a key to a lock when you give a person's words right. Back to them it's literally a key to lock fit to their nervous system everything that you're giving back to them is a complete 100 zero mistranslation match to what they're looking for okay.

And. So what happens is it goes right. To the deepest most uh sensitive levels of their emotions and it forces them to pay attention to one of the reasons for that is there's this how many people are familiar with the concept of uh from psychology known as projection you guys have you guys ever heard that word okay. Let me for those of you who don't know what projection is let me just explain it to you and why it's relevant to what we're doing today projection is us taking whatever is inside of us and and projecting it out onto everyone around us and hallucinating that everyone around us does things and thinks things exactly the way we do okay.

Um. So a lot of times when people make a mistake they'll look. At somebody say you made me do x y z well that's actually projection okay. But there's another sides of projection and projection happens every human being creates a model of the way the world works i call it there's actually two there's actually two maps of the world that human beings move through the world the way the world is and the way the world's supposed to be we move through the world responding to a map that says this is the way the world's supposed to be and.

Then we project that map out around us looking for people who match it's like you guys know what sonar or radar is if you know what that is type that in the chat okay. So what happens is sonar and radar work by sending out a signal right. And. Then that signal hits something and it bounces back and it's interpreted by the system your neurology does something very very similar with its behaviors its languaging uh and its um emotions for lack of a better word.

So as we move through the world we're projecting we're sending little pings out into the world and what we're secretly looking for is we're looking for the match we're looking for who's just like you who's just like me right. And when we get that message that that that ping coming back to us that says this person is like me we check off a little box and the barriers to intimacy drop and we become more identified and cl and feel more affinity with that person when you give a person's exact words back and i'm going to demo it for you in just a minute when you give a person's exact words back to them it signals a very very powerful message of sameness to the neurology your neurology is literally moving through the world looking for itself okay. It's literally moving through the world looking for itself okay. And.

So and and by the way if you're wondering how to make this work i'll if we have time after towards the end of the webinar i'll come back and i'll show you how to camouflage the echo technique uh in various forms of communication. So you can use it all the time. But the the basic core echo technique is simply this whatever words a person gives you use them verbatim in the conversation as much as you can and ask questions or variations of those words based on that and what happens is you'll start to you will start to create a very very powerful sense of connection with that person because when a person gets their very own words back to them they feel understood they feel approved of and they and they feel how many of you have ever gone through the world and and you just felt like you were communicating. But they just weren't getting what you were saying they just weren't getting you right.

We call that that need to feel understood and accepted validation when a person gets these words back to them they feel accepted they feel like they're okay. They feel like you're a kindred spirit they feel safer around you that safety leads to comfort that comfort leads to trust that trust leads to liking and it just keeps snowballing that way and when their words hit them they want to tell you more they want to self-disclose we're going to show you how to leverage that. Later on okay. But don't believe me just go out into the world start echoing people's words and watch what happens okay.

Um. So let's. So here's i'll give you this is a real quick five minute example back you guys know i'm a martial artist back in the early 90s i lived in coral springs florida and i learned this process early on as part of my nlp training and i coined the echo technique. But this this concept isn't new to nlp uh it's been around for a long time it's just people don't emphasize it or really um give it it's give it give it the do it deserves.

So one of the things that would happen is people would call my martial arts studio and literally go something like this we go ring ring hello this is coral springs martial arts academy this is david how can i help you hi david my name is brenda i'm looking for i'm interested in karate lessons for my 10 year old son josh oh hey brenda. So you're interested in karate lessons for your 10 year old son josh yeah don't laugh that's what they do it's like they it's just it's like i read their mind for some reason right. I'll say well excellent just. So i understand you better brenda what i just and to make sure that this is a good fit tell me a little about uh what about what what's important to you about karate lessons for your 10 year old son josh well you know david josh is a great kid he's really smart um.

But he's a little in fact he's. So smart that uh he's actually moved a grade ahead in in his in his school and i'm worried that the kids are going to be a little bigger and he might be a little bit nervous and uh i'm afraid kids might pick on i heard i heard martial arts was a good way you know for kids to build self-confidence and self-esteem and to kind of focus and that's really you know my big thing that i want for josh oh i see. So you want things for josh like confidence and self-esteem and to make sure that the big kids don't pick on it and you heard the karate martial arts was a good way for kids to develop that focus and that confidence itself seems that the big kids wouldn't pick on them yeah absolutely well you know brenda mark martial arts for centuries has been heralded as one of the most powerful ways for children to learn focus and confidence and self-esteem and to protect themselves against bullies and things of that nature and you said josh is small for his age. But you know he's.

But he's smart and his kid and his teacher's moving up ahead. So there is a chance that you know you might run into some kids that might want to pick on the martial arts is a great way for josh to kind of make up for that difference in ages and that difference in size in terms of confidence and focus and the ability to hold off those bullies. So it really is a good fit for you and josh and i wanted to let you know that we have a course that's actually quite specific for people like kids like josh and it's designed to teach some focus and confidence and self-esteem and it includes two free two great free group classes and one private class it comes with a free uniform and uh if you're interested in test test driving that and see if it's a good fit for josh i have appointments today at 5 30 and i have one tomorrow at 6 00 pm which do you think would be a better fit for for you and your 10 year old son josh well you know david i think that sounds really good i think i think maybe maybe maybe tomorrow at six because. Then he can come home and do his homework he can eat his dinner and.

Then he can just have a clear head for the class and i think i think six o'clock tomorrow okay. So you think six o'clock tomorrow would be better for you excellent i'm gonna pencil you and josh in you'll get your free private class um and. Then uh you'll get your free uniform and. Then if you want to stay for the group class you're more than welcome to that or we can schedule another time for you to come in and do your free group class and just get a few more pits of information for your phone number and stuff and we'll see you and josh uh tomorrow at 6 p.m you have a great day click about 9 out of 10 people show up right.

Josh is going to be a rock star now right. So if you go back and you look. At what i said and how i said it how much of what david said were actually brenda's words how many different ways did i use brenda's words you see those are the words that were important to brenda not my paraphrasing what i think brenda meant which is often termed in in therapy circles active listening active listening is not as efficient or as powerful as as the actual just blatant echo technique yeah most of it was seamless echoing right. And and again um there's a lot of there's a lot of um user friendliness in this technique when i teach people to do it in my classes i'm very strict on them i say i want you to use their words verbatim and the reason is because i try to make their training harder than real life.

But one of the cool things about using the echo technique is it automatically triggers understanding or the the realization that they're that what the person is saying is being heard related to and understood it causes people to feel comfortable it causes people to want to uh divulge more information and that is the is the holy grail of influence because the more information a person gives you and especially with this technique the longer they talk the more connected to you they become okay. Um. So do we get the concept of echo technique if you get it go ahead and type that in the chat okay. Now i will while we're on this subject there is this this phenomena that raises its ugly head and it happens every single time i teach the echo technique or any other aspect of nlp that causes the person to have to do something different than they organically do it inside their heads it's called the spotlight effect the spotlight effect is a phenomena that happens any time you start to deviate from what is natural for you in other words you know you're doing something different it feels unnatural for you and because it feels unnatural for you you automatically assume everyone around you feels that way too or they perceive it that way that is an illusion it's it's been it's.

So pervasive it's called the spotlight effect when you start to echo people's words everybody around them will probably see notice that you're echoing their words except the person you're actually echoing the words too okay. And even if and here's the best part if you come from a from a place of sincerity of of coming from a place of sincere desire to connect and understand even if the person knows you're doing it it won't matter this is one of the things people are worried about getting caught i challenge you to get caught and here's and. But here's the one thing i want i want to kind of extrapolate for you a beware of the spotlight effect understand that just because it feels different from the way you would normally communicate doesn't mean it feels unnatural to the person who's receiving it in fact more often than not they feel more communic more more understood more validated than than they've ever felt before okay. In fact my uh my associate tj zito tells a funny story um.

First few times he came my training he saw me uh teaching the echo technique and uh he was like nah i gotta test this one out. So he had this a long time girlfriend they've been together for about 10 years and. Then they dated and. Then they become friends and it was a very close relationship.

But it was one where she knew him intimately and. So he went to her house knocked on her door she opens up she lets him in she goes hey i learned this amazingly cool technique today i'd like to tell you about it. But. First tell me about your day how was your day and what he did was she started telling him about her day and every couple minutes he would just echo back what she said ask another question about 15 minutes into the uh into the conversation she looks out and she goes.

So what are you going to tell me about this technique that you learned he goes in a minute in a minute just go ahead and tell me i'll tell you about my technique i learned in a minute just tell me about your day i'm really enjoying hearing how your day went and. So she goes on and on and he's outgoing her back she doesn't catch any of it another 15 minutes goes by she looks and goes. So what are you going to tell me about this technique that you learned because in a minute i'll i'll get to it i'll tell you about the technique that i learned and. So she goes on for 15 minutes and he he reaches about 45 minutes into the conversation he can't take it anymore he just busts out laughing and she's like what what she goes you know that technique that i said i was going to tell you about she goes yeah when are you going to tell it to me i've been talking for 45 minutes you haven't told me about this i've been using it on you for the.

Last 45 minutes she goes what yeah what i've really been using it on you for the. Last you've been using it on me for the. Last four minutes yes. I've been using it on you for the.

Last 45 minutes she still didn't catch it right. They went back and forth for like 10 15 minutes and. Then he. Then he looks at her because he had to test david he looks out he goes.

So question how do you feel about the conversation that we've just been having and she looks at him she goes you know i think this is probably the best conversation we've ever had boom people really don't here's the thing again lest you have any more doubts about whether this is ethical or not human beings are hardwired even though they don't consciously know it human beings are hardwired to want to be communicated to in this way they want to be communicated in this way this is the most pleasure pleasure um pleasure generating connection and internally validating form of communication that a human being can experience now here's the flip side to that if you know consciously exactly how to communicate to someone in the way that makes them feel the most heard accepted understood validated and approved of and you didn't do it who's the [ __ ] now think about it for a moment if you knew that this was the most desirable way for a person to be communicated with and you deliberately choose not to do it who's the jerk now right. So here's my point if you move if you adopt echo technique as your natural well not natural. But your adopted new way of moving through the world and connecting with everybody because it gives you greater insight into that person it effect it amplifies connection it amplifies trust it amplifies rapport it facilitates greater self-disclosure on the part of the other person and that the self-disclosure causes them to like you more if you understand if you come from that place because you truly want to understand and connect with people better it's impossible to get caught even if you get caught because there's nothing evil or malevolent to catch if you view this as a way to move through the world taking advantage of people or you view it as a trick to get inside somebody's head you're not going to deliver it quite as congruently right. But even if you did get caught you don't get caught unless you stop doing it right.

So i want you to understand there's tremendous power in this sincere desire to connect and communicate using a person's very own words this is. So pervasive and. So powerful a phenomena in human beings that it's used in hostage negotiation it's used in various forms of therapy and now i'm teaching it to you. So you can use it in every place where you have to communicate with another human being it works in writing it works in typing it works in chat it works on video it works over the phone it works any place language is involved jerry's saying depends on who i'm liking being as [ __ ] too okay.

Can this i just answered that question can this be used yes. Absolutely can't brandon ramage says just like the fact that people go wrong in relationships because they project their own love language and value yes. Again we have to understand this this human projection phenomena because until we understand it it's going to randomly work for us and it's going to randomly work against us. But remember unless you grew up you asked unless you came out of the womb naturally echoing people which by the way most people start to do when they fall into rapport if you've ever finished somebody's sentence for them it's because your brain waves were entrained and you're actually on the same wavelength it's it's a variant of this phenomenon um echo help yeah sit crisis maximus is saying echo helps you understand them better yes.

In fact if you learn to echo people properly a your memory for conversation will dramatically increase it will make everything you've learned from your classical nlp training much more useful much more functional faster okay. The most power again i'm gonna leave this part here the most powerful words any human being can hear at any given moment are the ones that just came out of their mouth now the echo technique is going i teach the echo technique. First a because it covers the biggest majority of the problems that we have with people okay. It gets them to want to pay attention to us it gets them to feel like we understand them it makes them want to tell us more things and because we they want to tell us more things we have ammunition and we have leverage within the conversation.

But the echo technique is built in to every other process that i'm going to be sharing with you on today's webinar okay. And. So the. Next piece and this is again how we would have somebody hanging on every word the.

Next thing i want to talk about is what i call the emotional bonding checklist okay. The emotional bonding checklist works like this for every single thing human beings choose to do or not do there is a set of parameters that have to be met inside their mind that generates an emotion. Then they give that emotion a name what we want to do is learn how to tap into the emotional needs of the people that we communicate with and bond ourself our product or our service to what they most want and desire because human beings are in spite of whatever your your philosophical approach about humanity may be human beings and human nervous systems are inherently selfish by showing people a clear path using their words using their internal checklist how to get whatever they want by doing what you want and keeping them connected to those emotional needs they will tend to do what you want out of default does that make sense go ahead if that makes sense type it in the chat okay. So for this.

Next drill you are going to need a paper a piece of paper or something to write on and something to write with now i'm old school. So i say paper and pencil i think this stuff is actually more powerful experientially for you if you use a pencil and paper. But if you're going to if you're going to you know pull up a notepad and type on that that's perfectly fine. But i want you to follow the structure of what i'm about to share with you because i want you to experience it would that be is that okay.

To experience some emotional bonding is that okay. Okay. Cool. So you'll remember at the beginning of the webinar i asked you to write down what was the biggest question or most important question that you had each and every one of you are on this webinar today because there's a you see the potential in this webinar to get a tool or tools to achieve something you want in your life true or not true type that if that's true or not if that's true okay.

Now i don't need to know what that is directly it's just important that you know what that is i want you to take your tablet or take your piece of paper and i want you to write what that one thing is are several things that you want to be able to do or to get for your life from the tools you're learning in this seminar now you can feel free to type it in the chat if you want to share it that's fine i may use one of those as an example. But what's important is i want you to write down what it is that this seminar is going to do for you what's it going to get you that's the. First thing write that on this right. Right.

On the on the page and when you've done that type done in the chat okay. Excellent okay. Perfect great by the way every application is allowed whether you want to meet hot women or hot men whether you want to close more business deals uh convince juries and judges to to side with you i don't vilify any persuasion application okay. Excellent now underneath that underneath that thing i want you to write this question back let me uh let me see if i got my my checklist here you know what i'll just i'll just tell you what to do and.

Then i'll show it to you because i don't want to confuse people underneath what you just what you're what you want to do with the techniques from this seminar i want you to write this question and. Then i want you to write the answer here's a question what's important about that question mark and i want you to answer the question what's important about what you want to get from the seminar what's it going to get what's using the techniques and technologies from this seminar going to get you and what's and what's that going to do you know what's that going to do for you what's important about it okay. We're learning the. First step in emotional bonding the.

First step is finding out what people want the. Second step is finding out what's important about getting it okay. And answer and when you're done go ahead and type that down right. And.

Then if you were to get that if you were to get the if you were to get the tools from this webinar that would allow you to achieve that thing you want and you know what's important about getting that if you were to get that what's important about that what's important about that go ahead and write that down maximize life experience perfect not a problem with that right. And if you would imagine just using tom's example if you were to maximize life experience using these techniques what's important about maximizing your life experience what's that going to do for you right. Now what i want you to pay attention to as you drill down remember i'm i want you to i want you to be personal with this okay. I'm not going to look.

At it i'm not going to judge it. But i want you to pay attention as you write these things down what do you feel just go down see you get the list what's important about what's important about warm and fuzzy helping me and other people okay. Elaine and elena what's important if you would be able to have the tools to go out and help yourself and other people ultimately what would that do for you what would that allow what would that what would you experience from that right. I want to start a cult that's perfectly fine right.

Do you feel good do you feel emotions type yes. If you feel emotions in the chat bingo that's what we want it's not the surface level stuff that's important although we're going to echo that. So you find out what people want you ask them what's important about that you validate what they said you echo you ask the. Next question as you drill down they're going to get progressively more emotional and you want to you want to harvest all those words you want to harvest all those words and when you begin to describe yourself your product your service whatever it is use those words okay.

Use those words okay. Johnny wisco is asking what about how do you know when you have it this is where again we get and it's a great question and i'm getting to it johnny. But the. First the most important question that we need is how do you know or certain i know what's important about.

But what's important about question drills down to the emotional hierarchy of needs that a person has for the surface level thing okay. So somebody comes to you like let's say you're selling insurance you might want to say you might a beginner at this might say. So what's important to you about insurance and we all know that people take insurance for various forms of security right. Um and that person might say well.

So my family's taken care of say oh i get it. So it's really important to you. So it seems like you're taking making sure that your family's taken care of is really really important to you guys yeah yeah it's really important that's why i'm here. So yeah.

So again how do you know how do you know when your family's being taken care of well you know there's money for college kids the house is paid off you know there's a disability program in effect if i can't work now they've given me a checklist of parameters of things that i need to satisfy when i start to talk about the policy that i'm going to present to them i'm going to do one of two things i'm going to drill down on the how do you know i'm only going to talk about the things that they talked about and i'm going to link it back to making sure their family is taken care of well mr prospect as we go through this policy you're going to see this amazingly powerful this very generous death benefit. So that if you're not around and not in the picture your kids will be taken care of because their college will be paid for their house will be paid off they'll be uh extra money and income for your wife as you look. At the disability payment if something should happen to you you'll see that you're going to be more than compensated for the time off. So you'll know your family is taken care of right.

So all i'm going to do is i'm going to take that checklist i'm going to link it back to what's important and i'm just going to keep linking back linking back linking back and here's the thing the longer you do that the more they will tend to do business with you out of default okay. You use their words and you only talk about the aspect of your product or service that directly satisfies that need. So as you look. At your list and you think about the tools that you're learning and how you're going to use them out in the field and what it's going to get for you and if you can imagine having that and you imagine to yourself what's important about that and once you have that and you have the tools to get that if you were to get that in the way that was most important to you what's important to you about that and how do you know that you're getting it right.

What are you seeing what are you hearing what are you feeling and ultimately he got all that together if all those parameters were satisfied ultimately what's important to you about that and for me for my edification type that one in the chat room just. So i know freedom excellent what if they are wrong you ha. First of all you don't disagree with them that's a death off that self in a different rabbit intimate connection okay. Yes.

Terence just me and the cat i don't know what that means um anybody else peace of mind okay. Fulfillment excellent freedom to pursue what i want without any limits excellent right. Make the world a better place stronger rapport deep excellent these are all perfect when you hit words like that you don't need to go any further unless it's too vague now this is where the how do you know question comes in. So let me i'm going to share with you a template that i teach my students to use there's a there's a format that we follow.

But i want you to have the experience of this i want you to feel the um i want you to feel how your neural links the emotions of getting what you want to the techniques that you're learning and is that useful is that helpful okay. Excellent. So here's a here's a common teaching example that i give two people are in a relationship and they both have the same word for that emotional need that they have that word might be respect right. So you have person a and you have person b person b says to person a.

So what's important to you uh in a relationship what's what's something you absolutely have to have for the relationship to work and person a says well respect see i know you and and the person goes oh respect you know what i think i think respect is absolutely one of the most important things to have i know i need it in my relationship. But i'm curious about something you know respect respect means different things to different people. So just. So i understand you better how do you know how do you know when you're getting that respect and person a looks at them and says well i know you respect me when you tell me the truth when you don't worry about whether what you say is going to hurt my feelings or whether i'm going to be upset or that's going to piss me off you tell me the truth because it's the truth and i need to hear it that's how i know you respect me person b says cool person a goes.

So what about you how do you know when you're getting respect person b says well i know you respect me when you take your time to think about how you're going to present that information to me you don't lie to me you don't you don't lie by omission. But you you soften and you're diplomatic and you take my feelings into consideration when you're telling me what you need to tell me okay. And that's how i know you respect me now what do you think happens when these two people get in an argument what do you think happened okay. Well each person is going to feel pretty disrespected aren't they why because their rules didn't match the checklist the how do you know piece of the puzzle wasn't answered you only need to to ask that how do you no.

Question when there's any vagueness to how you satisfy that need do you understand what i'm saying the two questions you're going to use most often with this process is what's important about x and how do you know okay. Does this make sense okay. So that being said there's a template that i want you to follow now the secret to this is when they give you words to use this is a big one i gotta tell you this is especially true this is especially true if you're selling you'll see this everywhere. But it's really important when you're selling.

So whether you're a coach or a salesman a prospect a therapist whatever you'll see the lights go on the lights go off how many people are familiar with my face reading classes okay. Some of you are right. You might remember me talk about a concept called shin right. Shen is a light behind the eyes.

You ever you ever notice somebody who's like feeling really depressed or really down and all of a sudden something happens that makes them estatically happy and their lights just are like little spotlights you ever seen that happen to somebody right. What you're going to see that's called in the chinese face reading is called shen what happens metaphysically speaking is the moment we experience joy more shen comes into their bodies and their eyes. Get lighter and brighter when you do this with people you will see them start to shine in you'll start you'll see them start to get emotion you may see them actually tear up if you've done this well okay. Um i was gonna say um hold on a.

Second i lost my train of thought um is shen fakeable only if you're a method actor uh because method actors actually method actors actually uh in human language that's called an orgasm you're not wrong that's actually a very powerful moment when more shen comes into the body uh we have a class coming up uh. Next august erotic hypnosis made easy some people we're going we're taking a little side road down the earthy trail let's kind of bring it back let's kind of bring it back to today. But if you guys are interested in the erotic hypnosis training that's coming up. Next august i will teach you where to go for more information stephanie our our lovely co-host who's in the chat can uh point you in the direction for enroll for that before all the seats are taken we had 80 80 men and women show up.

Last time it was it was packed it's ridiculous rebecca tornbrook. Says my validation does come from others sort of because i care a bit about what they think of that's not bad okay. That's what we call a meta program we don't have time to talk about it here. But in our advanced cpi and killer influence trainings we talk about those meta programs and how to use them.

So rebecca there's nothing wrong with you if you if you seek certain level of validation from other people okay. I wouldn't be doing what i did if i didn't have a certain degree of desire for validation from others is shen observable for a person who isn't yes. Shen is very observable you'll see the eyes. Light up and the reason i'm bringing that up remember now is because when you start utilizing this emotional bonding checklist which is what we call it when you start using the emotional bonding checklist and you hit on the right.

Words which will be the ones that come out of their mouth you'll see them shine in you'll see the eyes. Get brighter you'll see them get emotional more of their more they're becoming they're going to become more present when that happens remember you own when that happens you only talk about the aspect of your product or service that directly satisfies those words that satisfies those needs and you use those words to describe that aspect of your product or service if you start to talk about anything else right. Or you start to use different words you'll see the light in the eyes. Start to dim and that should be your.

First clue that you're you're veering off course okay. People will you'll see the pupils dilate you'll see the shen come out you'll see them lean forward you'll see them maybe even start to tear up okay. These are all very observable not. So subtle things that people will do when you tap into this checklist and the longer you talk about them the more the more they will start to immediately associate your product or service with the attainment of that goal or that need now i have to have to warn you using this process it is possible to get people to want to do things that are not in their best interests it usually involves deception or lying okay.

You don't need to do that okay. Here's the takeaway in in nlp training we call the emotional bonding process or the emotional bonding checklist criteria and values a person cannot go against their criteria and values without experiencing emotional pain conversely we can't talk about our criteria and values without experiencing some intense level of emotional pleasure or bonding or connection. So if as you're talking to your prospect or the person you want to attract or what have you and you make the determination that you cannot ethically satisfy those needs tell them that i know you know some of you are worried about paying rent. Next month or whatever tell them the truth if you make the determination in good faith that you can't satisfy it send them to someone who can and what will happen is you will gain.

So much trust. So much credibility. So much faith and loyalty in this person that they will start to recommend and refer people to you over and over again and they will actually look. For an opportunity to work with you in the future if you take the low road and you self uh offer a person something that doesn't give them what they wanted they will move heaven and earth to get payback right.

Again our job is to move through the world showing people how to get everything they want by giving us what we want and as long as we keep to that we'll never have to worry about people sneaking into our house breaking our [ __ ] you know boiling our uh boiling your uh you're boiling your rabbits or whatever right. Um junk when you're talking to your prey yeah let's not do that let's not be that guy i teach protectors and i teach people i don't teach predators okay. David will love bomb you yeah. So uh johnny wisco says in my on my opinion you need to be prepared for the people you're talking to to turn this technique back on you if for no.

Better reason than they'll be curious about someone that's interested in their values yeah. But here's the point it's because you're interested it's because you want to know what they want. So you can give it to them there's no. Ulterior there's no.

Nefarious agenda here and if someone has a problem with you wanting to know what they want. So you can give it to them that's probably not the right. Relationship for you those people have other issues that you need. But i almost never have that come up in fact i don't think i've ever had it come up right.

Okay. Okay. So again laura's saying stalkers again that goes back to reading how to read people we have other webinars for that today is about influencing people not about how to read them although reading shen is very important boiled rabbit fish balls are saying okay. So are we clear on that.

So far yeah you look. How do you know question comes up anytime like people use words like respect or comfort or safety or security that's when you might want to drill down and ask the how do you know questions because until you know how they recognize those things you don't know what to give them right. If let's say someone's two people are talking about fruit right. I walk up and i hand them an apple and they're looking like what's this they go you said you wanted fruit no.

I want an orange well you just said fruit yeah i know. But how do you know when you got the right. Fruit well it's orange around it's got to peel right. That's what i mean okay.

You got to know what to give the people and. Then you give it to them does that make sense yes. Yes. Cool all right.

So what i'm going to share with you now is a template that i teach my students. So you can go out into the world and start making this work for you in fact you know what maybe what we'll do um is it is this useful. So far everything i've shared with you okay. So here's what i'd like to do okay.

You know whenever i teach a class uh and people have been in my live events uh we'll we'll tell you this i'm always agonized over the people who attend either virtually or who tend who just want video can people come up to me and they say to me david um i notice when i look. At the the prices on your website hey there's a lot of stuff there. But b that um i'm always torn between coming to the live event versus going to uh going and just buying the videos and i always look. At them and my students will tell you this without missing a beat i tell people if you have a choice between buying the video course or coming to the live event come to the live event the live event will transform you like you'll you'll get in live one-on-one interaction with me you'll get all the installations you'll get three times the hands-on of any other trainer in the industry and you'll have a community that you can work with and you'll come out unstoppable because we make you accountable we make you do the repetitions that make you good for ever i tell all my students that for everything you get from me you always pay twice the.

First payment's the easy one that's the money you can always make more money right. That gives you access to the information. But it's the. Second payment that most people never make or a lot of them never make and that's the payment of time energy effort the willingness to do the drills and get the skills it's that.

Second payment that takes you from auditing to ownership and it gives you a skill set that will take care of you and and serve you every time you choose to use it. So tell people if you have to choose between a live event and a video event do the live event if you can't get to a live event for whatever reason very relevant now. Then the video course is a good. Second option and use it as a study guide right.

So that being said because of everything that's going on and because i know a lot of you for whatever reason logistic monetarily whatever they can't get to um a live event i sat down and i thought to myself well if these people were going to learn from home what could i do what kind of package could i put together that would give them the biggest bang for their buck. So that if they you know if they had nothing else this would take care of the vast majority of their needs right. Um and. So with your permission i'd like to go ahead and um and share what i've put together for you with you and uh and.

Then once we've gone through that and we've covered any questions you have about it uh what i'd like to do is i'd like to come back teach you the emotional bonding template that i just talked about and. Then if it's okay. If we have time i'll teach you a little bit about three magic questions protocol if that's what you want to learn or if you want to learn about uh conversational belief change or the seven most powerful language patterns that exist i can start to teach you a little bit about those do any of those sound interesting to you type what you would like to learn most in the chat. So i know where we're going when we get back oh bridget is saying belief change new magic questions belief change um conversational belief change okay.

Wait a question why is this evolving all of um the reason this is revolving around non-verbal influence is because um this is one of the again i have other trainings that don't that talk about non-verbal influence this is all about linguistic influence okay. So let's go ahead and look. At where we're going. So.

First of all let me go ahead and introduce you to what we call the cpi killer influence system okay. Oh sorry. So this is what we call the universal persuasion protocol. First and foremost we'll cover this when we come back okay.

We've done this okay. So here we go introducing secrets of human influence the ultra persuasion training home study course the secrets of human influence course is really all about helping you take your life to the. Next level whether that whether taking it to the. Next level includes making more money closing more deals getting more dates helping more people feeling more confident dealing with difficult people just feeling more empowered in your life if you just want to win the game of life more and go home with more yeses and more wins or would like to become more charming charismatic this program is really designed to help you move forward with that okay.

So let's look. At what we got okay. This offer is good until uh hello 11 59 tonight uh for those of you who might see this on a replay um we'll see what we can do for you there. But uh this is good until 11 59 tonight and the secrets of human influence program is a 17 video course 17 uh video course that includes the the seven stage universal persuasion protocol which we're going to talk about uh when we come back and it's going to teach you one of the most important things which is how to think like a master of influence it's going to teach you what we call the i3 model the i3 model consists of identity influence and intelligence identity is all about who you are as a person what are your strengths what are your weaknesses how do you perceive yourself how do other people perceive you versus how you want to be perceived or how you want other people to perceive you and how to modify and take an inventory of that.

So that you can be your best self and present the version of yourself that is most um most useful for persuading others how to set goals how to achieve outcomes it's a very different mindset everything that we teach in the seven stage universal persuasion protocol starts with an outcome and about becoming the person who can exert that level of influence one of my colleagues chase you says the most important factor in any form of influence mind control or brainwashing isn't the target. So much as the person delivering the influence and that's what how to think like a master influencer is really about that module is worth 297 dollars we're going to teach you how to control your psycho-emotional state. So that no. One else can what would it be like for example in the chat what would it be like if no.

Matter what was going on around you you had the ability to go into or exit any emotional state that you want what if you had the ability to make sure no. One ever had the ability to push your buttons ever again what would that be would that be useful what if that were just the beginning that's what state control allows you to do what if you could. Then using specific body drills and body skills you would learn how to transfer your emotional states into the body of another person and cause their neurology to literally synchronize with yours. So that you could send feelings and emotions back and forth and cause people to change from the inside out that's what power rapport skills will do for you they'll teach you how to connect at a neurological level and cause a person's internal filters to spontaneously change and enter the emotional states that you have that module's worth 297 dollars is that useful type that in if you think that's useful right.

We're going to teach you the seven most powerful irresistible hypnotic language patterns that exist what would you be imagine what you could do what if you have the ability to make anything you want cause anything you want in the minds of your of your subjects what if you have the ability to make anything you want mean anything you want in the minds of your subjects we're going to show you how to do that what if you could literally force a person's internal pictures and internal movies to be exactly what you want and have it done in such a way that the person completely feels like they're they're made it up or that gets their own idea we're gonna show you how to do that what if you could create very powerful three-dimensional imagery in a person's mind that is. So compelling it literally takes over their neurology what if you had the ability to force a person's attention to be directed to anything you want and away from anything else that you wanted and for for their mind to automatically begin to undergo whatever state or process or experience you want them to have we're going to show you how to do that we have language patterns for each and every one of these processes that's what we call the seven most powerful hypnotic language patterns on the planet that language path that that module alone is actually worth way more than 297 dollars. But we're going to just part of the profit process we're going to teach you how to use all of that to manage the emotional states of others. So you can put people into whatever mood you need them to be in.

So they'll take the actions you want them to take we're going to show you how to pay attention to a person in such a way that you know the exact processes they they use to make a decision or take an action. So that you can build that into your language. So they feel compelled to do it automatically and. Then.

Finally you've gotten a taste of it we're going to teach you how to take all that and emotionally bond anyone's deepest desires to what you want them to do. So that they happily want to do it would that be useful if you think that's useful type it in we've got 32 messages cool now we're also going to include in this in this package a 200 and i think it's 230 pages might be 200 somewhere between 840 pages a manual that teaches you not only has has um chapters on all the things we've talked about it has maps on cold reading a lie detection attraction authority all the different things that cause people to want to do what you want them to do these are called psychological leveraging techniques these are things that are not linguistically based that you can engineer within your environment things like um well there's this process called embodied cognition where if you give somebody a warm drink to hold they will tend to think of you with more emotional warmth than if you give them a cold drink to hold where to sit at a table or negotiation to give you the most psychological leverage on people how to cold read them how to face read them. So you can actually develop a personality profile that allows you to know what emotional buttons to press that's included in the killer influence master text it's a 418 value you're also going to get access and we're going to talk more about this. Later you're going to get unlimited access for a short amount of time to our online community with over more more than 210 active members where you can actually talk to people practice your skills and get people to uh to give you feedback on what you do it's called the nlp power mastermind mentoring program if you took.

All this together went to the website and tried to buy it today you're looking at a total value of 2 497. However just like the commercial says. But wait there's more if you grab this secrets of human influence course today we're also going to give you these exclusive special bonuses and this is what it is bonus number one this is the most powerful persuasion technique ever devised weapons of mass instruction is all about the one persuasion technique that makes cultures happen that has caused more people to go to war that has caused more people to sue for peace that has bonded families together and that is the structure and the story and the and the formulas for creating powerful and compelling story based on neuroscience this is one of the most powerful uh persuasion tools on the planet and it was one of the most frustrating ones for me because every time i went to learn a storytelling workshop i got the same fluff and i realized that if there was going to be a a course that that's fulfilled the desire that people have for um for doing story narrative well and easily i was gonna have to create it if you've ever seen guys like t harvecker or mark victor hansen or lisa sasebic or tony robbins talk to a room and. Then have them all get up and rush to the back of the room to do whatever the person on stage said this is one of the most important courses you're going to have it's going to teach you how to create stories on the fly to connect with people teach stories that will inspire and motivate people and get them to want to do what you want them to do it's going to teach you how to create stories that eliminate resistance to persuasion.

So that you have people just just takes all the resistance out of them and wants them to makes them want to do what you want them to do the strategic benefit to story is that it changes people's minds and it influences attitudes beliefs and behaviors in the background the final module in this course is called ninja stories and this is where you learn to use story and metaphor as a delivery method for some of the most powerful and persuasive nlp based techniques we'll teach you how to prime people's behaviors how to change their attitudes how to link emotions to what you uh to yourself and to other people how to semantically prime how to build words that make people think and feel the way you want them to feel and cause them to take the actions you want them to take we're gonna teach you the architecture of how to create stories that neurologically make people do this okay. We're gonna pull back the curtain on it we're gonna show you all the neuroscience we're gonna teach you the six characteristics of a powerful hypnotic story and we're going to give you a mechanism. So that you can actually test the hypnotic power of your stories to focus groups or whatever. So you can actually modify your stories and make them more powerful it's very powerful it's fun it's easy to do if you've ever gone to a story workshop and all they told you about was the hero's journey this is not that okay.

So this is again one of the most powerful uh programs that we have. But you must have um the cpi level one or killer influence level one training uh to be able to do this okay. It's that what's a 1950 value we're going to include this as part of your secrets of human influence ultra persuasion training package absolutely free for a confined combined value of 4 447 when you register now before the end of the webinar we're also going to include some of your asking about this this is called renegade reframing and it's how to overcome any objection or change any belief in seconds this is think thought think about this for a moment what if you had if any time if you've ever asked somebody to do something and they've had an objection or they had a belief that wasn't useful what if for every belief or objection they gave you you had as many as 14 different answers to that objection 14 different ways to change a belief before you started adding them together would that make your life easier yes. Or yes.

Uh noah is asking david is stealth cpi 2020 too advanced if i haven't watched the original no. It's fine noah okay. This is based on a set of patterns that robert dilts modeled from richard bandler when he was counting his with people who had price objections or things of that nature this is one of the most powerful courses that you can have it'll give you 14 different ways to reframe every belief that people might throw at you once again it's recorded live it's a 1950 value we're going to throw this in for you absolutely free for a combined value of six thousand three hundred and ninety seven dollars if you register before the end of the webinar we're also going to include how many of you um present to groups of people for a living or need to need those kinds of skill sets if you are this is probably going to be one of the most important courses that we include as a bonus this is called charisma on command and it's hypnotic presentation skills for presenters and public speakers this is literally where we pull back the curtain on the system behind the system we're going to teach you. First and foremost the architecture of persuasion we're going to teach you exactly how a-list speakers like t harbecker mark victor hanson lisa sasebic david singer um create presentations right.

We're going to teach you basic stagecraft we're going to teach you about spatial anchoring and nested loops and all those other cool things. But most importantly what we're going to do is we're going to deconstruct the actual transcripts of presentations from some of these a-list presenters and show you the hidden nlp show you the hidden hypnotic language patterns show you how they've structured these things. So that you can begin to do it yourself to create powerful and compelling presentations that have people rushing to the back of the room to take the actions you want them to take whether that's to practice a skill set you're trying to give them whether it's to sign up for your free product or service to take their their coaching membership to the. Next level this is the system that the the people who have speakers trainings are not going to teach you because there's two levels that they teach at there's the one they teach their trainers and.

Then there's the one that they actually use which has all the hidden nlp and the spatial anchoring and all these other things embedded in it we're gonna show you how that works. So that you can use it benevolently for yourself this was also always come with manuals it's the total value of one thousand nine hundred and fifty dollars we're going to give this to you absolutely free for a combined value of eight thousand three hundred and forty seven dollars if you register before the end of the webinar. So let's just uh look. At what we've got here um secrets of human influence ultra persuasion training protocol comes with a 17 video seven stage universal persuasion protocol it's a 279 value we're going to include the killer influence master text it's 418 value um are we having some problems in the in the youtube chat i'm good now okay.

Um sorry there was some problems with the youtube folks for having. So. Anyway we're going to give you access to the nlp online community which i'm going to talk about in a minute this and by the way the online community part is probably one of the most important pieces of this whole package because it's it's not enough to just watch the videos it's not enough to um to just have access to the you need people to practice with you need people to bounce stuff off you need people to practice drills with and that's what our online community is about you know a lot of my students you know when they're not in a class they feel kind of like they're these wandering um fawn is asking how do we register give me one. Second fawn and i'll show you how to do that um they feel like the wandering wizards alone in the wilderness and they get a lot of people come to trainings just to see their friends again.

So that community is what's the most important piece we're going to throw in the weapons of mass instruction neuroscientific storytelling secrets 1950 value we're going to give you the renegade reframing objection obliteration and speed conversational belief change 1 950 value gonna give you charisma on command hypnotic presentation skills 1 950 value total value 8 347. However today only i'm gonna give you the best deal humanly possible for today only you won't have to pay eight thousand three hundred and forty seven dollars you won't have to pay six thousand three hundred forty seven dollars you're not even gonna have to pay five thousand three hundred and forty seven we're not even going to charge you three thousand three hundred and forty seven not going to do twenty three forty seven for today only you get everything that we've just talked about and a whole lot more actually you get it all for one low installment of just 9.97 or if it's easier for you you can do it all in three easy installments of just 3.99 all you need to do to get these packages and claim these is to hold on a. Second okay. There's a different link here okay.

Uh is go to www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go or use the link that is directly um in the chat. Next to you oops okay. So go to www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go or the secrets of human influence training package is all of this in the killer influence course uh everything except the uh the three bonus packages the renegade reframing and the art of conversational belief change um strategic storytelling secrets and um conversion charisma on command those are all extras now lest you think that i'm done i'm not everything that we just talked about comes with a 90-day money-back guarantee if secrets of human influence doesn't help you with exactly how to make more money close more deals get more dates bond with people more effectively if it doesn't allow you to feel more confident secure and powerful when dealing with people in any social encounter i'll refund your money if it doesn't work for you i don't want your funds i'm going to give them back okay. And you can keep the course as my way of saying thank you for giving us a shot all right.

Um to get yours now all you do is go to www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go and for those of you who may be on the fence for those of you um who would like even more anybody here for those of you who are really committed to taking your life to the. Next level i've got something else for you if you grab your course before september 9th 2020 at 11 59 pm the end of this webinar i will include in your package these following fast action bonuses we're going to include a three-month trial membership to the nlp power mastermind mentoring practice group and archive this is a group that i've been running for 10 solid years we have archived and videotaped every single training session we've ever done you will get complete access to the archive and the ability to participate in our monthly online practice groups for a full three months if you like it sign up at the end of the three month trial if you're not you met some cool people you did some cool stuff you got everything that we wanted we talked about at the beginning of this training it's a 594 value i'm going to include this for you absolutely free because you need the hands-on because you need with your tribe and you need a opportunity to practice and review and get feedback on your material you need your you know you're going to have questions that need answering and this is what it's about this is about helping you get the life you want the way that you want it right. To combine value we're going to give this to you absolutely free three-month trial membership right. Combined value of eight thousand nine hundred and forty-one dollars.

But we're also going to include for those of you who want to get started really fast who would like to download something today and hypnotize people tomorrow or even sooner we're including a very special stealth instant conversational hypnosis crash course it's a 997 dollar value this is going to cover instant and rapid inductions is going to cover called three magic questions protocol it's there i think this one actually might include some of our hidden laws of attraction stuff it's going to teach you it's going to have some um some meetup footage of me teaching these three magic questions it's going to have the seven most powerful hypnotic language patterns how to use them how they work what their structures are. So you can just go out into the world and start using this right. Away all right. Uh we're going to throw this in for you absolutely free total value i think also this one had i think this one also has a copy of lie to me if you dare in it as well as anchors in action and hypnotic hot buttons i think i think this this one might have those extra bonuses in it.

So this will be included it's a 997 value we're going to give this to you absolutely free just for signing up before the end of the webinar it's a combined value nine hundred of 9930 eight dollars brandon if you already have stealth reach out to stephanie and we will substitute a product or program of equal or lesser value okay. So um yeah we'll switch it out for you that's one of the things that we're gonna i'm gonna talk about we do a lot of things at nlp power that a lot of other trainers and a lot of other information product people don't do and i'm gonna explain those after we're done with the offer. So that you can appreciate thank you jessica david you're a [ __ ] gem excellent thanks dragon lord david awesome uh. So lest you think i'm done for those of you for the.

Next 15 people who grabbed this package now before the end of the webinar i'm going to include one vip super ticket this super ticket gives you free admission to any single live event of five days or less of your choice in my 2020 21 21 calendar it's limited to the. First 15 people who register today some restrictions do apply um any any training that's five days or less you can use this for if you want to do something that's five days or six days or longer you need two two tickets or you pay the difference that's all um also certain certain numbers of my classes have prerequisites if you have not satisfied the prerequisite you need to go ahead and satisfy that prerequisite before we can let you in the class okay. Other than that it doesn't matter if it's an online class it doesn't matter if it's an in-person class it doesn't matter what the price of the class is if the class is full or not if you have one of these tickets and you want to attend a class we will find a seat for you in fact you'll go right. To the head of the line now the best thing about our vip tickets is that they never expire and what i mean by that is you have it until you use it.

So if you get this package today and it takes you two years to come to a live event it's still waiting for you when you use it if you sign up for a training using your ticket and something comes up at the. Last minute that you can't go all you do is you pick up the phone or you email stephanie we will move you to a different training of your choice if something happens at a training we add a training at the. Last minute and you want to go all you do is pick up the phone let stephanie know she will move you to the head of the line for that training okay. Uh you can gift this train this if you want to bring somebody to a training you can give them your ticket and they'll come for you right.

You have it until you use it you don't and if something happens at the. Last minute um again a lot of chat going on i'll let you guys deal with that right. And uh there's any questions about any of this stuff stephanie can help you brandon can help you seth can can help you to a certain degree um total value one thousand nine hundred and fifty dollars yours free now let me explain a little bit about the price point aspect of this because when we go when we start traveling internationally again we always use with the exception of australia and canada we always use the local currency. So if we go to some place like europe where everything's in euros or we go to great britain where everything is in british pounds which is actually makes the trainings more expensive for all the rest of us the price point of the seminar doesn't matter if you have one of these vip tickets you walk right.

In regardless of the price point right. As long as you qualify for the class you can use this ticket right. Uh if you can't get to a live event if you know you're not gonna be able to ever go to a live event and you wanna trade that vip ticket for an additional digital course there are times when we'll actually let you do that too. So if you took.

Everything that we've got together including this vip ticket you're looking at a combined value of 11 888 11 888 hold on a. Second that's not going through for some reason youtube redirect all right. Brandon i don't know if you can um go to uh hold on a. Second http dot killer influence dot com forward slash go that'll get you the pat for those of you on youtube for those of you wanting this okay.

Okay. So here's what you're getting total if you want to summarize you're going to get the secrets of human influence home study course valued at 2079 dollars you're gonna get the secrets of human influence killer influence master text a 418 value we're going to give that to you free we're going to give you the weapons of mass instruction uh storytelling and neuroscience course 1950 value you're going to get it for free objection obliteration renegade reframing in the art of conversational belief change 1 950 value you're going to get it for free uh charisma conversion 1000 hypnotic presentation skills for uh presenters and public speakers one thousand nine hundred fifty dollars absolutely free you're gonna get three month trial membership to the nlp power mastermind mentoring program valued at 594 dollars and access to the video archive every 10 all 10 years of it we're going to give it to you for free we're going to give you the stealth instant conversation hypnosis crash course it's a 997 dollar value you can download it tonight start hypnotizing people tomorrow or even sooner we're going to give it to you absolutely free and for those of you who really want to take your skills to the. Next level for those of you who want to get face to face for five six seven you know three five seven days with me in a room where i can program you give you feedback interact with you and get to know you and teach you what you most need to know the way you most need to know it we're going to give you this vip super ticket. But it's only good for the.

Next 15 people who register um for that live event or for this package when i saw when i log off the webinar the vip ticket goes away. So if it's something you know will help you will take your life to the. Next level you owe it to yourself to grab one of those those 15 seats it's a 1 950 value probably more we're going to include it as part of your secrets of human influence package for free all you need to do is total value of one eleven thousand eight hundred eighty eight dollars you're going to get all this stuff for one low price today one loan installment of just 997 or if you need the extra help we can break it up into three easy payments of just 3.97 all you need to do to get your package is go tubes is go to www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go. So while you guys are doing that i'm going to go ahead and answer questions that you may have allegra kitty says david you give beyond awesome value a master for sure agreed a lego jessica's saying you two should bond uh see kujun says crick's just the darkness flees from light.

But light makers okay. There's weird conversations going on there um. So let's go ahead and just typing this into the. So www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go.

So brandon is saying can i move my package over to an existing nlp power account i panicked and just threw it in there uh stephanie or brandon can help you with that brandon okay. Brandon squared excellent excellent. So here's what i'm going to do i'm going to give you guys i'm going to use i'm going to take a five minute bio break while you guys do this i'm going to come back answer any questions you have and. Then if it's okay.

With you i'd like to go back and pick up where we left off on teaching you uh the template that we use for the um for the emotional bonding checklist and. Then depending on where you guys want to go um we can uh we can drill down on some other things is that cool if that's good with you type it in the chat cool all right. You guys are awesome uh reach out to stephanie or have a good p thank you uh reach out to stephanie or brandon and uh when i get back maybe sooner than five minutes we're gonna go ahead and uh and get back to our our class for today uh fawn these are all certifications um they're they're they're certification classes. So you won't get certified online unless you can submit proof of work all right.

But yeah we for all the classes we offer in the package these are videos of actual certification classes. But to get a certification unless it's um you make special arrangements you must act the class to get the certification all right. I'll see you guys in five david you're muted. So you guys have any questions about anything i've talked about.

So far i'm gonna move to the u.s all right. Well i don't know i i just heard that the white house just said that international travel is their stop test just okay. I don't know i was i see weird stuff on yahoo all the time crixus on youtube is asking about nested loops and one of the things that i want to i want to talk about with the the weapons of mass instruction course is that it's it's about it's about there's more there's more ways to embed things within story than just what is commonly referred to as a nested loop and one of the things that we do in both weapons of mass instruction and in charisma and charisma on command is we actually deconstruct transcripts of presentations done by guys like t harv ecker and we literally show you all the buried nlp all the priming all the different bells and whistles that he's building into his presentations that he doesn't train is that he doesn't teach to the people who take his trainer's training that are all the system behind the system if you ever wondered how these people can get these cult followings and get these people screaming and stampeding to the back of the room that one that one uh deconstruction is worth the entire entire course um can i do the change of beliefs now of course i can it's not that i can do it now it's just i haven't done it yet fish balls just had a message retracted because lee mcclain welcome to the diamond master class level very good um kathleen just joined our diamond level mastermind welcome to the jungle welcome to the family all right. So that being said i think our five minutes is about up.

So with your permission i'm gonna go ahead and um i'm gonna go ahead and jump back to i'm gonna go ahead and jump back to my my template. So when we start working okay. First of all let's review really quick the echo technique is where everything begin actually no. Let's not let let me show you where everything begins okay.

Since we're since we're on that time now if you need if you need more questions you have more questions go to www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go you can call stephanie at 858-282-4663 or email her stephanie nlpower.com um kathleen says she's stuck in canada. So excited to at least be able to connect this way we're glad you're here kathleen we really are um. So let me go back to my powerpoint i want to teach you the universal persuasion protocol and i want to give you kind of the big picture and. Then we're going to jump right.

Into the template and. Then we'll circle around and. Then we'll do the three magic questions or some of the slide and mouth patterns uh let's see here where's my here it is there we go okay. Oops come on where where'd my little screen sharing thing go oh god you ever have one of those days when your stuff just keeps jumping around on you okay.

Let's try that again all right. So here's here's where everything starts you have your echo technique you have an understanding of the criterion values which if you'll notice here is the center of the persuasion bullseye no. Matter what techniques you're using the the the center of the persuasion bullseye is always going to be the emotional bonding checklist in nlp that's known as criterion values okay. This is where things get nuclear you want to link whatever you whatever you offer to whatever they most want and need and you want to use their words to do it now write that down link whatever they want and need to whatever you're offering or what you want them to do using their words to do it that it should be your your rule of thumb no.

Matter where you go no. Matter where you go no. Matter what you do okay. You got before you enter any form of persuasion interaction you must.

First know your outcome you must know exactly what it is that you want to achieve if you don't know what you what you want you won't know if you're getting it okay. The. Next thing you have to do is control your state. Then you get rapport.

Then you use whatever language skills that you have if all you know is echo technique that's what you use uh to go back to krix's exam a question about nested loops if all i know is nested loops that's what i'm going to use right. If all i know are embedded commands that's what i'm going to use if all i know is active listening that's what i'm going to use it's it's a placeholder and tells you what emphasis what to emphasize. Next we call this the universal persuasion protocol and when you understand it it will allow you to influence people anytime anywhere under any circumstances for any reason okay. So uh you're going to con you're going to know your outcome you're going to control your state you're going to get rapport you're going to use your language you're going to use that to manage their state you're going to jump into whatever process they use you're going to link to whatever criteria and values you can elicit now here's the best part of this there's one technique that will do all of that without uh without any uh without any help without having to jump through any hoops it's called the echo technique using the echo technique you can get rapport using the echo technique you can use your language to entrain their neurology create validation and acceptance you can use it to manage their state you can automatically extract from the words that you echo the process that the thinking processes and strategies that they use and because you're using the echo technique you automatically indirectly wind up linking yourself to their criteria and values one technique does 80 of this that's before you learn any other ways of doing it.

So here's what i want you to write down in your notes i want you to write down know your outcome control your state get rapport use your language use those three to manage the state of the subject you can control your state you can only manage the states of other people. Then you jump into every process they use nlp calls those strategies and you emotionally bond to their criteria and values using their words using their uh their drills okay. If you understand this this is a formula that you can apply anywhere you walk into a networking function and you don't and you want to influence people. But you don't know what to do.

First thing is establish your outcome. Second thing you're going to do is control your state. Next thing you're going to do is target a person and get rapport you're going to use whatever language skills you have to manage the state of the subject you're going to jump into whatever processes they use to take the action or make the decision you want them to make and you're going to emotionally bond yourself your product or your service to their criteria and values if you're going into a bar or reception you see someone attractive and you want to get with them in some way you look. At them you make a decision you determine your outcome you're going to meet them you're going to say hi you're going to determine if they're cool you're going to control your state you're going to get rapport you're going to use your language you're going to use those three to manage the state of the person you want to attract you're going to manage their state you're going to jump into whatever process they use for selecting somebody to date or become attracted to you're going to leave you're going to jump into that process and you're going to emotionally bond yourself to what is emotionally appealing and attractive to them you're going to go into a courtroom right.

You're going to figure you're going to go into a negotiation you're going to know your outcome you're going to control your state you're going to get rapport you're going to use your language you're going to use those three to manage their state you're going to jump into whatever process they use to make the decision you want them to make or take the action you want them to take you're going to emotionally bond to their criteria and values and you're going to you're going to need it it doesn't matter if it's the courtroom the bar room the negotiation room the meeting room the bedroom it's the same universal process and when you get really really good at this you can leave out half of it and still get your outcome okay. It tells you what to do. Next does that make sense you guys with me control your state doesn't necessarily mean you're a focus although focus can be a part of that for how many of you are in our diamond or platinum level uh membership on youtube um i think it was was or was it the. Last mastermind we did i did a whole i did a whole um section on state control oh no.

It was a youtube it was a youtube live i did for uh for our platinum and diamond people where i went through state control if you're a member of the diamond or platinum level you can go to youtube type in the labor day live with dr david and you'll get a crash course in uh in some of the state control stuff in the live events that we do we go wait we spend almost a whole day and almost a whole day just under help you know at least a half to three quarters of a day on nothing. But state control and how to use that to influence people without speaking okay. So if you're interested in that uh and by the way uh for those of you who are wondering um state control is actually one of our secret weapons nobody has better state control training in the world than we do and if there were such a thing as a jedi powers it comes from your state control not your language language is fun and language is powerful. But it's amplified by what you do with your body and what you do with your mind and your emotions.

So if you understand state control and you really understand it eighty percent eighty percent of your influence and persuasion is done before you even open your mouth okay. So um for those chris tombos online he can tell you he puts the whammy on people with this all the time professionally right. Uh and what we saw before there's no. Top level to uh to the state control it just keeps getting deeper is there a course on state control yes.

Jackie it's in cpi one and it's in killer influence it's in killer influence okay. And and yeah that training is included in your secrets of human influence package. So if you grab the package we're offering you're going to get it a bunch of different ways existential crisis worthy training you think you got control think again take his course thank you jackie not jackie jessica that was jessica right. Yeah okay.

All right. So everything we're about that i've shared with you prior to that diagram i just showed you and everything after presupposes you have an understanding of the universal persuasion protocol now we have three five and seven day trainings where we drill down this we're doing an eight day training on integrative nlp and hypnotherapy this is going to be an intrinsic part of that training because it makes everything easy it makes everything nlp teaches and all the complex algorithms and formulas and all that stuff. But simple easy to apply is the course online uh luminous one is asking is your course online which course specifically are you asking about okay. Okay.

So um let me see where i'm going okay. So let's go to the template now let's look. Let's jump back to criterion values okay. So the emotional bonding checklist how to make people how do we how do we emotionally bond people to your product you or your service and to make them want to do what you want them to do the emotional bonding checklist let me let me see if i can um there we go the emotional bonding checklist relates to a category beliefs known nlp is criterion values functionally criterion values are checklists by which we decide if something is right.

Or desirable in our personal reality people have basic have personal and unique emotional bonding checklists for everything that they make or action they take this is important people automatically create an emotional bonding checklist for anything they can conceive anything they conceive of you know you're talking to a 20 year old about life insurance now most 20 year olds have never ever thought about life insurance. But if you were to ask them the credit the criteria question what's important about life insurance they would actually tell you in their world what would be important about life insurance and it would be emotionally relevant to them. So people all emotional bonding checklists are context dependent there are certain things that are not context dependent we'll talk about those in killer influence and nlp training a person cannot tolerate having their values violated without experiencing emotional pain a person cannot process their criteria and values without experiencing emotion and desire okay. This is very important because you think you know a lot of times when people start doing this they think that the person will get bored if you keep talking about the same things they won't in fact if someone said for i'll give you an example really quick if somebody says you ask them what's important about um having a lot of money they'll say freedom and security right.

And i know that that's that's deep level criteria for them if all i have to do to get a rise out of them is just look. At them and say freedom and security freedom and security freedom and security freedom and security and that it will provoke every time they hear it it will provoke an emotional response it's a hot button okay. Now we're going to be a little bit more um elegant with our approach. But we want to find ways to work these imp these power words and these criterion value and emotional bonding words into everything we say and do okay.

Okay. Brandon says you're always elegant with those vests why thank you right. All right. Let's jump back to the uh the notes here okay.

When you link a person's emotional needs to you your product or your service they become internally compelled to want and acquire it criterion values or the emotional bonding checklist has three parts the checklist is equivalent to the parameters that need to be satisfied when that checklist is met the body generates a feeling and. Then the person gives that feeling a name to review the two most important questions to ask when we're eliciting criterion values are what's important about the product service or experience and how do you know these are going to give you the greatest degree of power over this process okay. Here's the template that we use for the emotional bonding process and this involves a process called softening. So let me talk about softening really quick a softener is a reason why a softener is a pre-frame that lubricates the question and makes it less invasive.

So if i were to say to you what's important about this getting everything getting the tools from this webinar you would give me a ques you would probably give me good information. But it you might feel you might feel a little bit defensive when i ask that because it's very it's very invasive right. But if i were to look. At you and say okay.

So just. So i understand you better and. So that i can really target the information in this webinar to the things that are most important to you i'm curious about something if if you were to get the tools you need to get what you want from this webinar what's important about that to you can you see how the diff the difference between what's important about getting the things from this webinar versus if i. So i can understand you better and target things better what's important to you about getting things from this webinar can you can you feel the difference in the level of invasiveness can you comment comment on that.

So no. So jessica's saying this is where state control really matters i find it difficult sometimes to use softeners when i'm amped up to help yes. That's why state control has to come. First because without state control you're going to lose access to your cognitive abilities you're not going to be able to get rapport you're not going to be able to soften you're not going to be able to strategize you're not going to be able to pay attention that's why state control must always always always be.

First and why we spend. So much time on it and it pisses me off when i go to trainings where everybody talks about state control and how important it is and they never teach you how to [ __ ] do it sorry i get a little angry. But this is one of my biggest pet peeves with the hypnosis world the nlp world uh a lot of the self-help worlds and even in sales they tell you to control your state and. Then they give these complex techniques for doing it [ __ ] that if it's too complicated to do in a seminar room you're not going to do it out in the real world.

So we've simplified it we've made it we've made it ultra user friendly and ultra simple uh and. So. But it has to be. First because if you can't control your state there's lots of well-trained highly funded agencies out there with three letters or more that are happy to do it for you right.

Malana says that's why you're voted the number one house well thank you for that i'm sure it pissed off a lot of my colleagues. But. But yeah state control and again like chris stambaugh here is on our zoom channel chris is a professional litigator he's uh uh um uh uh personal injury attorney and he uses this stuff all the time on hostile judges and juries and things of that nature with complete integrity and complete ethical uh considerations and he'll tell you that this stuff just gets stronger and it takes whatever you apply to it the the state control level is like the energizer it's like the engine that drives everything and the more emotional energy you can put into your words and into your gestures and into your body language the more powerful everything else becomes okay. Okay.

Um. So. Anyway let me go back to that i'm gonna get off my soapbox now all right. So softeners here are some examples write these down i was wondering i'm curious let me ask you this.

So i understand you better or i like actually i like just. So i understand you better just. So i understand you better this is again in nlp and in conversation hypnosis people who are really really good guys like socrates um uh what's the other guy plato socrates specifically soften soften soften to the un to the untrained observer or the untrained student softening sounds a lot like weak you know making the technique weaker it actually makes it more ninja when in doubt soften you cannot soften too much it completely uh softening completely makes your stuff conversational it basically gives the person a reason why tells it basically says to the person this is why i'm about to tell you what i'm about to tell you. So there's lots of other softeners that you could use these are just examples okay.

You can come up with your own list. But you're going to see going back up to our template we start with we ask a question on it where's my uh where's my template okay. So the template that we follow is we ask a question we validate the question we soften we echo we ask again that's the formula. So actually if you really want to get technical we should actually start off by softening there's your template soften ask the question validate soften echo ask again.

So if i were to. So if we follow this formula say. So i'm curious if you were to get everything you wanted from this webinar training and you got the tools that you needed what would what would the tools get for you what would that do for you and they're going to say well it's going to get me the ability to influence people to help more people to to get control of my life okay. Excellent i agree toy the tools in this webinar will absolutely give you the ability to help more people and and get more out of life the way you want it.

So just. So i understand you better if you were to have those tools that will allow you to get more out of life and to help more people i'm curious if you would be able to do that what's important to you about that what's important about that and they're going to give me an answer i'm going to soften i'm going to i'm going to validate i'm going to echo i'm going to ask again do you see that how it's circular that way i'm going to use their words as often as possible you might hear some noise in the background because my kids just came home. So echo validate soft and ask again right. What's important about if there's any vagary in what they said these are the two options right.

You have echo validates often ask again what's important about or echo validate soft and ask again how do you know that's it that's really all you need and now remember whenever possible use their words use their words right. And people will just run off at the mouth they will give you all kinds of information when it's time for you to talk about your product or service use those words when it's time to talk about your product or service talk only about the aspects of your product or service that will directly fulfill the emotional needs you guys with me on this cool all right. Do you have the template michael phillips says kind of okay. Michael if you have a question ask it now because i'm getting ready to move on to something else can i shrink it.

So you can screen capture it um sorry there's a few things that are on top of each other here i use one note instead of powerpoint because i i do a lot of things dynamically. So which part do you want to see this saucy is saying when you're the number one practitioner in the world. So you can never say no. To your kids when they want ice cream we have ice cream every night my wife actually makes it okay.

Let me know when you guys are done i don't have a problem with you guys having this. So and again that's um who was this just said this g is saying to all panelists this is overwhelming for me i just want to start with echo and build it get it perfect. Then go from there that's actually the best thing to do one of the. First things i tell all my killer influence students is i mean let me jump out of can i can i share can i go back to face-to-face mode for a minute in a minute people just want my notes they don't want me got it you repeated my words felt good yes.

It did didn't it it's nice when people repeat your words isn't it jerry right. Makes you feel heard makes you feel understood right. Move the screen down here we go chris anderson says david if you make me any more popular with the ladies it will be peach blossom disaster kimberly roberts says oh sure sure thanks for the crash course dude right. Can you show the part in red by the way when you get your package you're gonna get this covered in spades.

So lady in red uh grant can we get this template somewhere you'll find it in most of my killer influence trainings you'll find it um in some of the cpi trainings or you can just screenshot it here if you want okay. So does everybody have all this stuff down can i move on yeah the nice thing is is this uh there will be a replay on youtube. So if you need to go back and screen capture this it is available and again you don't have to believe a single freaking thing i tell you just go and start doing this with people and watch the response that you get watch for that shen in moment when those eyes. Light up lady tavora it's probably because they weren't doing it congruently and they weren't softening right.

But remember if people are echoing your words it's either an instant deep level of rapport or they've got an agenda you just got to figure out what that agenda is and decide if how you want it to affect you right. And you should be a little suspicious when people echo your words until you're sure until you've gotten your your profiling skills down enough that you can validate if this is somebody who you want to let influence you remember part of the process or part of the part of the reason i'm sharing this with you is is. So that you can become more aware remember this anything outside of your awareness is outside of your control. But the corollary to that is this just because you're not aware of it doesn't mean it isn't impacting you i'll give you a really quick story um back in 2012 i was invited to go to israel one of my.

First corporate trainings i was invited to go and teach uh for a security company out there and i had to teach the vip the vips vice presidents i had to teach the marketing department and i had to teach the uh r d division and i was sitting in the uh i was teaching the r d people there was this one guy he's just sitting there looking up at me and i'm teaching the echo technique because there was a big breakdown in the communication between the r d people and the the sales people right. And this guy's and i i. First of all let me just say point blank i love israel i love the israeli people. But i gotta tell you when they when they welcome you as part of the family they're open they're they're the most giving loving some of the loving people don't bend over back believe it or not they will actually bend over backwards.

But they are one of the toughest audiences i have ever had every single day was a was a contest to see who would win because they would come in as a group and they would all sit in the back of the room right. And i would have five rows of chairs they would sit in the. Last three and i'll say could you all move up to the front for me. So we can talk and they would all go and nothing i did would get them to move and.

So i said well you know i'm always going to call on the. Last people in the row they got up as a group and moved to the front every day they came in it was a contest to see how to get them to sit in the front row the. Second day they came in i had to take the. First two rows out.

So they were in the front row. So. Anyway i'm teaching the r d people which are all professional smart guys and this one guy is just sitting in the chair and he's looking like this like you ever smell you ever sit. Next to a guy you just farted you got the guy's just looking at me and at some point he just he just gets you can tell he's just he just can't stand anymore look.

At he goes i don't believe it i go you don't believe what he said don't believe this work i said you don't believe this will work he goes no. I don't believe this will work and for the. Next five minutes all i did was echo him and all of his friends are sitting there looking at him like right. He didn't catch it after about five or six minutes i did that for about five or six minutes just to prove my point to everybody else i looked at him and with the most humble softened approach that i could i said sir do you realize that for the.

Last five minutes i've done nothing. But give you back your very own words and he looked at me like i was full of [ __ ] he looked at his friend that was right. His friend went he looked at his friend to his left his friend went now i don't know if you've ever seen like bugs bunny cartoons or yosemite sam where like the guy eats too much hot sauce and he just gets really into temperature rises and steam comes out of their ears that was this guy he turned beet red and. Then he got this defeated look.

On his face he looked at me he goes are we really. So stupid and i looked at him and i said no. You're not stupid you're selfish every neurology on the planet is selfish it's moving through the world looking for itself and when it finds a match on the outside to the person you are on the inside it bonds to it and it doesn't want to let it go your job is to make yourself match a person's internal world to the degree the greatest degree possible and they will happily go wherever you lead them and they will enjoy it they will they will want to bond they will they will not want to give it up okay. But because it is a process that can be engineered you must understand that when you catch people doing this you must ex exhibit a greater level of awareness a greater level of curiosity to determine where this person is coming from because if you don't.

Then you're abdicating that importance of awareness does that make sense you're allowed to use this to get everything you want by helping other people get whatever they want it is never necessary to lie to cheat to steal anybody who tells you otherwise they're not right. Or they're working in applications that are not win-win and that's not where we're going there are certain applications like my colleague chase hughes he uh chris stombaugh they work in in situations where a win-win is not always possible hostage negotiation interrogation courtrooms they're adversarial scenarios win wins aren't always an option right. But for the vast majority of us that ability to create that mutual win is part and parcel of what we do as human beings right. But it can be misused.

So remember that this is as much a self-defense course as it is an empowerment course it's empowering you in multiple ways to get everything you want by doing by finding out exactly what that other person wants matching yourself to it and showing them demonstratively how to do it right. Um questions on that assertion master i don't know what assertion mastery is. But um. So where do you go i have a little bit more time um.

So i have time for like one more technique or one more area where do you guys want to go. Next where do you guys want to go. Next type it in the chat 13 right. I don't know what that means i3 okay.

Belief changes okay. All right. Oh i see belief changes if not magic questions and not a language. But okay.

I've got one for each now i need a majority profile recognition state change okay. We can't cover we've got to cut we got to stick we got to keep the course on language-based stuff for today i'll do other webinars in the future we'll talk about all the other non-language based stuff. But state control we've got videos on that we've got courses on that uh profile recognition those kinds of things are covered in body language and how to decode all right. Let's talk a little bit about belief changes okay.

So one of the things that um that is really cool is that all beliefs are built the same way all beliefs are built the same way let me go ahead and pull up my notes on this for you guys okay. So i can't give you all the patterns. But for those of you who grab the secrets of human influence package um you'll get access to all the patterns that we're going to talk about or we're going to tease you about at least okay. So.

First and foremost when you start up if when you start applying the echo technique within the reframing patterns that we're going to do it gets even more powerful. So once again just to review the echo sequence is soften ask validate echosoft and ask again this will force the person's autonomic nervous system to pay attention to you it activates and primes people for self-disclosure it signals sameness trust connection and bonding and it creates a feeling of being validated or acceptable accepted by the subject slight of mouth. So the sleight of mouth is again the name of our course is called renegade reframing and it's included in your secrets of human influence package finish level one before you go into level two it's based on a series of 14 patterns that were modeled by robert dilts during his observations of richard bandler okay. Michael hall.

Later on expanded those patterns to 24 different patterns now as i looked at all that when i was doing my research on these patterns i found out that a lot a lot of the patterns were the 24 that michael was talking about in my opinion again this is strictly my opinion many of the 24 were actually variants of the 14. So i i just focused on the 14 core ones uh when we start playing with conversational belief change i want to talk to you about the rule of three and what that means is is when you these pa these patterns are powerful in singles. But when you do them in triplets they will decimate any belief system many times when you use some of these patterns the. First one won't won't get the job done you may have to use one two three four patterns that's why it's important to know all of them we don't have time for uh every single one there's two ways to use um to use these patterns there's what we call the the softening method and there's the blunt force trauma method a lot of the people from the bandler school of reframing they do what i call the blunt force trauma method okay.

In other words they're just going to club you over the head with this whereas people who are more of the more of the kendrick cleveland school um i don't know anybody else who really falls into this category maybe maybe doug o'brien um they're gonna soften the pre-frames or the reframes. So laura's asking are we talking about the seven plus or minus two are those the patterns you're talking about no. No. Um the seven magnificent seven plus or minus two are specific hypnotic language patterns that each do a specific thing cause and effect causes whatever you want in the mind of the subject to be to cause whatever allows you to make anything you won't cause anything you want those are covered in a separate training we'll talk about those in another one.

But some of the most powerful and my most useful go-to trainings are filters are called model of the world and redefine chunk up chunk down and reality strategy these are really really powerful. So let's say for example someone says to me and mom of the world by the way is is basically saying you know in your world your world what you're doing means x in my world what you're doing means y and my world is the right. World that's basically the effect that the model of the world pattern has and it's a very aggressive pattern and you can deliver this like clubbing somebody over the head or you can do it in a very soft gentle way. So let me give you a couple examples let's say somebody says to me oops let's say somebody says to me you're not talking to me means you don't love me all right.

So somebody gives you that statement they say you you're not talking to me you don't love me someone who's reframing with a model of the world says well you know what in your world not talking to you may mean i don't love you. But in my world it means that i'm spending my time doing the things that keep me from being able to spend quality time with you do you see that do you see how it reframes the the experience you might say you're not talking to me means uh you don't love me well where you're from it might mean i don't love you. But where i'm from it means that i prioritize things differently. So that i can be fully present with the people who matter right.

You're not talking to me means you don't love me well in your world it might mean i don't love you in my world it means you just don't have you're just not that important right. See you see how it just decimates and totally changes everything around it that's one pattern right. And it's and again it's yeah that hurts right. So tell you what.

So here's what i want just for fun uh type a couple just type a couple beliefs like the one i just played with in the chat and i'll just throw out a few model of the world patterns. So you can. So you can see how this kind of comes across david is a savage that's my belief well you know brandon in your world it might be you might think i'm a savage. But in my world it just means i'm very eloquent in what i do and i know how to get the biggest effect with the least amount of words if you love me you would be there for me look.

I know you where you grew up if you thought you think if i loved you i would be there for you. But where i come from it's important for me as a man to go out and do the things that need to be done. So that when i come home i can be with you in the way that you need me to be there capitalism is corrupt well you know where you were you from capitalism may be corrupt before i come from capitalism is the fastest way to be free you didn't do what i asked you to do you don't respect me you know where you come from not doing what you're at you asked me to do might mean that i mean i don't respect you. But where i come from common sense overrules requests that don't make sense okay.

Fishball has one that the the the chat is holding uh i know a guy who says he thinks all cops are racist well you know where you come from you might know cops who are racist. But where i come from i find that most of the cops i know are actually very very pro-human race i'm laughing my ass off here hold on a. Second i come from a land based in logic david snyder where you come from you may think you're logical where i come from we realize that logic doesn't exist in human beings. So are we getting are we getting the the concept oh yeah this is fun when we when we do this live we have a ball we have a ball with this and i'm just by the way just.

So you know remember i remember i talked about the rule of three right. I'm just hitting you guys with one right. It's when you start to stack these things that they become really dangerous you can just decimate a person's belief system right. So that's model of the world one of my favorites though one of my favorite patterns is called the redefine and you can redefine just about any piece in order to redefine things you can go big picture you can chunk up or you can chunk down.

So let's go back to this example right. You're not talking you're not talking to me you mean you don't love me well it's not that i'm it's not that i don't love you it's that i need to make sure that i can be fully present with you by doing everything else that needs doing. First all right. It's not x it's y it can be either one three the same pattern or three different patterns.

So let's see um i did study kenrick's stuff absolutely uh i think spinning was actually a little bit different than sleight of mouth or magical objection mastery right. Uh um you could say that that's another way of looking at it uh. But you wouldn't say that as directly laura. So give me another belief and i'll throw out a few more redefines i love redefines because i can redefine anything and.

Then i can redefine the redefine and. Then i can redefine the redefine and redefine that right. So i can just completely spin you off into the ozone utilizing um these patterns i believe that vest that vest belongs to me well it's not that the vest belongs to you. But the love of the vest is what you really are coveting i'm terrible at math it's not that you're terrible at math it's just nobody ever showed you how to do it in a simple easy user-friendly way [ __ ] that's valid brandon says right.

Laura says i can't do math it's not that you can't do math laura it's just that nobody taught you the right. Way to do it to make it easy i don't argue with allegra it's not that you don't win arguments it's just that you keep giving up before it's done speaking of defense against this how does one counter it you counter reframe with a re you counter reframes with reframes right. Speaking of defense against this how does again yeah honestly unless you know how to do this you're done of all the different influence technologies out there this is probably before you go into things like uh saul olinsky's work of vilifying people and things like that this is the most aggressive what if it becomes it's not that it becomes schrodinger's reframe it's that it becomes more of a reality tunnel that you fall down see whoever says yep i would win if i don't give up it's hard to act like some people knowing they're. So fake well it's not hard to act like some people knowing they're.

So fake it's that you acting fake is just a violation of your integrity and you don't want to be that way right. And again these are all this and much more is in uh is in object is in renegade reframing in the sequence of human influence package see david you're talking to me clearly you love me well fish balls it's not me talking clearly that lets you know i love you it's the fact that i'm extending that love through the video camera that allows you to realize how much i love you how much you truly love me do i ever use the phrase bless your heart no. That's not what i use all right. So let me do this real quick let me just bring this back okay.

So a couple more and. Then. Then we'll move on how do you explain to a student that they have power to change their world with reframes is that a question or is that one you want me to reframe because the truth is many times it's not that i have to explain to somebody how to do it it's that i need to through my language and through a process of self-discovery lead them to the realization on their own uh trace is i don't i need to do some ketchup reading studying and recognition where to find solid research sources in reference to schrodinger's and i have no. Idea what the rest of the question is she's.

So lazy i can't stand it it's not that she's lazy it's just she's more motivated to do the things that she wants to do than the things you want her to do smooth chrome jerry says i [ __ ] want to scream where do i start to learn this jungle it's in renegade reframing it's in the secrets of human influence package just it's part of your bonuses just go and you get all 14 of them plus a bunch more right. And. Then you get the club them over the head method and you'll get uh jerry click though it gets amazed you guys are hysterical all right. But again everything starts with that cpi level one that universal persuasion protocol and by the way just to put things in perspective um you only need to use these patterns if you [ __ ] up the protocol and miss the criterion values if you use criterion values correctly you'll almost never have to use these patterns.

But if you're going to write sales copy if you're going to do therapy if you're going to do coaching mediation these are things that are going to be worth their weight in gold to you because you can any for any objection you come up with or are faced with you have up to 14 or more different answers okay. Now let's see here clubbing them over the head seems faster and more fun it can be it can be right. I am trying to get underprepared students to understand that inside themselves is the power to succeed again you can reframe everything you know it's not that you're under prepared it's that you simply been focusing on other things in preparation that weren't the most useful right. Let me do one or two more uh patterns and.

Then um i'll answer more questions the sith lady tavora says the sith had more fun you guys like this don't you let's see simon told me there are lazy minds and lazy bodies and. Then there's both in one dr snyder can you use these to break obsessive compulsive thoughts i don't think you would do it by itself i think you can i think you can i think you can use these patterns to do it in a what we call a pattern interrupt and and redirect them. But i think they would have to be part of an overall persuasion or an overall therapeutic intervention if you wanted to be permanent i think in the moment you could just hit them with a zinger and interrupt their pattern we know that's true uh because that's actually one of the side effects of uh these patterns is that they actually interrupt a person's train of thought it creates a momentary window of confusion during which the person becomes hyper suggestible to whatever you say. Next okay.

So it's really really powerful stuff right. But a lot of people don't explain it well which is the problem um okay. So let me go back to this okay. So i i really like redefines are we cool about how redefines work chunk up chunk down now this actually has you have a couple different ways that you can do this a couple different ways that you can do this you can do one the other or both i like to do them both at the same time.

So if somebody says a statement to me i'll take one piece of that statement and i will blow it way out of proportion and. Then i'll take another piece of that statement and i'll make it anally retentively specific. So says to me means you don't love me right. You see that you see the chunk down in the chunk up right.

Um let me give another one oh i like okay. So if someone says you're not talking to me means you don't love me. So i'll take that statement and i'll break it apart i'll take one piece of it and i'll chunk way the [ __ ] down i'll take another piece of it and i'll and i'll chunk way the [ __ ] up and i'll say oh. So i don't talk to you for five minutes and all of a sudden i'm leaving you for another person did you get that one we do brandon ramaz is asking can i an induction be done over an audio call like a phone absolutely dr schneider have you used nlp to help people with drug addictions yes.

I have jerry's saying we cannot hear you oh sorry guys i i have no. Control over the internet connection uh let's see here. So is it do you guys get chunked up chunk down you want to throw a couple more at me and i'll see if i can give you a couple more examples you teach nlp for clout what i show you one little technique and all of a sudden you think i'm the master of like everything brandon says yes. You are.

But did you see the chunk up in the chunk down part that's why i'm number hold on one. Second you got now it's starting to go by really fast you're paying attention to me means you're up to something what i focus on you one time and all of a sudden you think i'm planning world domination or going to take your your bank account yet what's going on dr david how do you control tone while conversing with and from sound while conversing with okay. Can you reach can you write the question i think i know what you're asking. But i don't want to get it wrong soften everything speak from your heart speak with compassion and sympathy that's chuck get the [ __ ] up and chuck it the funk down t-shirts [Laughter] master of everything like emperor palpatine well yes.

I think you're planning world domination exactly now okay. So you guys got the basic gist of chunk up chunk down right. Okay. Let's do one more and.

Then i'll kind of give you the coup de gras and. Then we'll go back and we'll give you guys uh some. Last chances to kind of ask questions get your packages and stuff like that um actually before i do that let me just go ahead really quick and review um what's in our package because it seems that a lot of you are are interested in in all this cool stuff. So let me just go back through this.

So everything that you get in the sequence of human influence package has the basic universal persuasion protocol that's this whole training right. Here two thousand seventy nine dollars it's going to come with the secrets of human influence killer influence master text it's a 418 value we're going to include that free we're going to give you the weapons of mass instruction storytelling and neuroscience of story it's a thousand ninety one thousand nine hundred fifty dollar value we're going to give it to you free the stuff we just covered is the the objection obliteration renegade reframes in the art of conversational belief change course you're gonna get it for free it's a one thousand nine hundred fifty dollar value we're also going to give you the charisma uh charisma on command one thousand nine hundred fifty dollar value hypnotic presentation skills you're gonna have three month trial membership where you can practice all of your reframing and all your other cool techniques uh. Third saturday of every month you come in and we're going to do a virtual training together we're going to give this tea free 594 value we're going to give you the stealth instant conversation hypnosis crash course it's a 997 value i'm going to give that to you free and you're going to get that free vip super ticket if you're one of the. Next 15 people to enroll before the end of the webinar.

So all told it's a total package of 11 888 dollars yours for one low installment of 9.97 or if you need to we can give it to you for three easy payments of just 3.97 and all you got to do to get your course is go to www.killerinfluence.com for those of you in the youtube channel it's http colon backslash [Music] forward slash go um and uh you can set up a payment plan with stephanie and uh and go from there okay. So. So you guys have any questions about what's in the package right. That vip ticket is the deal quencher it's a great deal because i would much rather be in a room with you.

Then talk to you through a video i would much rather i i'm i'm one of the few teachers that loves to be around their students okay. I just i just i just love having people in the room watching the lights go on that makes me happy okay. So once again for you http backslash www.oops.com forward slash go hopefully i got that right. Okay.

So let's go back i want to give you one or two more patterns and i want to show you i want to let you hear kind of what a triplet sounds like okay. Um questions on the packages though thank you lamar says this is a deal everyone can actually feel good about buying thank you lamar appreciate that cool free chocolates at all yes. We have free chocolate and coffee at all classes all right. Um let me just change my package again is this useful guys are you guys are you guys getting stuff are you guys getting a lot of stuff out of anything out of this cool all right.

Um okay. That's totally not what i wanted uh here we go okay. So we've talked about model of the world we've talked about redefine we've talked about chunk up chuck down reality strategy reality strategy is not quite as aggressive as model of the world or um there's another one called uh meta frame which we'll talk about in the course uh reality strategy is kind of like a chunk down in other words somebody gives you a statement and the. First thing you want to know you want to ask them is how do you know and.

Then you want to inject maybe you don't. Then it becomes a redefined or z. So let me explain how this let's go back to our example you're not talking to me means you don't love me well how do you know it means i don't love you maybe it doesn't maybe it just means i'm focused on something else that's taking my attention that needs to be done. So that i can actually spend more quality time with you elise is saying yes.

Lot i ordered is there anyone's yeah stephanie can answer any question you have give her a call at 858-282-4663 she can answer any questions that you have um we just come here to post random thoughts um did you guys get what i did there with the reality strategy okay. Go ahead uh just for for fun just throw a couple out i'll do a couple more. So you get how this works suppose it means it's softer yeah this is again there's two ways you could just say well how do you know means i don't love it maybe you don't maybe it just means i'm focused on something else or it could be well you know just. So i understand.

But how do you know it means this maybe it doesn't maybe it actually means x y and z. So you have this club over the head method or you have this more soft inquisitive uh information seeking method. So jeff kilpatrick says you don't need me well jeff how do you know i don't need you maybe i do maybe i really need you and the fact that i'm just trying to focus on on keeping a stiff upper lip and and showing my independence uh gives you the false impression that i don't need you right. Chocolate covered strawberries taste good well how do you know they taste good all the time maybe they don't maybe it's just a hallucination because you really want those strawberries to taste good and.

So because you believe it you hypnotized yourself into thinking they are karen why are you always. So hyper how do you know i'm always hyper maybe i'm not maybe i'm just really excited when you're around. But when i'm not when you're not around i'm really common to date yt in the chat um you look. Like you've gained weight okay.

Well how do you know i've gained weight maybe you're just suffering from an optical illusion because the extra humidity here begin or the closing i'm wearing it makes you think. However wrongly that i'm uh i'm overweight it sounded cheesy the hyper response yeah well how do you know it sounded cheesy maybe it wasn't maybe you're just trying to find ultra picky ways to pick apart my languaging it's not that it's cheesy it's just that you don't appreciate the subtlety of it see what i did brandon rama says how do you do this without sounding like you're invalidating your emotions or thoughts well sometimes you are that's the whole point. But you can do it in a way. But you can do it in a way that leads people into a different way of thinking and you'll see this you've all seen let me go back to face to face you've all seen people who have stayed at a certain viewpoint and.

Then you tell them a different viewpoint and they're like wow i never thought of that you ever seen that have you ever seen that that response in people that idea that internal light bulb going off that shedding in moment is really what we're trying to do uh in the with these patterns the problem with the the bandler approach or the bandler school approach which is the beat more often than not it's the beat them over your head method is that it makes the other person wrong like like uh i think it was uh brandon was saying it invalidates their emotions or invalidates their thought process and it makes them feel like they've lost and there are some in there sometimes there's some times where giving a person that visceral you just lost feeling is strategically useful. But there are other times where engenders passive aggressive resistance and pushback. So even though you've rhetorically beaten them over the head with this reframe their heart hasn't you haven't won their heart. But when you can phrase and soften the free frame patterns to where the light bulb goes off internally and they change from within from the heart rather than from the head or or they change by not by acknowledging defeat.

But by embracing a separate point a different point of view that's the biggest difference between the softening approach and the beat them over your head method both are valid. But the dynamics of each one are different does that make sense let's see here you're allowing me to go to the concert means that you love me well you know how do you know that me letting you go to the concert means i love you how do you know i just don't want to get you out of the house. So i can have it all to myself and do what i want to do while you're at the conster right. Um yes.

But the beating is. So fun yes. It is. But remember there's a price right.

There's a price um she cries all the time over well how do you know she's how do you know it's over nothing maybe it isn't maybe there's some maybe she's just extremely sensitive and things that wouldn't normally bother you or me are excruciatingly painful to her right. Alex p says dr schneider one of those powerful things you've taught me out of one to ten how much would you want to do x that's the that's the resistance removal protocol stark's always been my favorite even before he became pop because he's the only superhero that's possible that's true it's a complete completely completely out of nowhere reference. But okay. Okay.

So questions dd says the most interesting thing i've just discovered is the realization i've been using these language techniques without knowing they're from watching your videos until hearing you do these examples i snuck it in the back door huh how about you're right. Honey i love you and i want you to go to the concert that's charlie ross yes. Charlie you could do that okay. All right.

Well listen i hope you guys had a good time we're uh coming up on our time limit for today if you had fun please like share our videos let people know about them um please seriously consider grabbing one of those. Last few remaining packages and i will see you at our. Next live event all right. God bless you guys take care love you all.
