Title: zCAkEMjOPWs.txt
Video Id: zCAkEMjOPWs
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zCAkEMjOPWs

[Applause] let's talk about. Street armor and that's about all we're going to have time for um. I'm. GNA turn this backdrop off there's a meditation we're going to do uh this is uh.

I forget what the actual name of it is. But basically it's it's going to supercharge your weight. CH field. So the the way this works.

So we know that we have three dantan we know that we have this energy field and that within this energy field are two other energy. Fields each one connected to the upper dantean the middle dantean or the lower dantean okay. About 18 in above our head is our soul star about 18 in below our feet is our. Earth star okay.

In this meditation we connect to the. Divine we fill up our. Tai pole overflow our three bodies. Then we pull out an energy ball and we begin to rotate it and orbit it around our body faster and faster and faster faster and faster and faster.

So um clockwise going up counterclockwise going down. So place you have a joint you have a chakra. So you're going to rotate and spin that ball of energy around. So we're going to do this.

But. I want to give you the overview. So you bring out the you pull down the heavens you do your 1 through 10 three. Divine invocations you fill yourself up with energy you pull out the energy ball and because we want to go up.

First is it up or down. I don't think it really matters which one you do. First. But let's let's let's go with um let's go with the way we do pulling down the heavens and 1 through 10.

So we'll go down. First. So when we go down we imagine the energy orbiting around us faster and faster in a counterclockwise. Direction going down down through our hips around our knees around our ankles soles of our feet into our.

Earth star and it. C goes faster and faster and faster and faster and faster in the air star when the air star is just pulsing with super amounts of energy and that ball is supercharged it changes. Direction it starts to spin clockwise and now it comes up around our ankles around our knees around our hips around our our lower donen solar plexus or middle donen technically it's called the yellow court it's going to go up to our throat um. Third eye and upper dantean.

Soul star faster faster faster faster faster faster right. But each of the joints you can do that if you want to right. Right. I'm more concerned about the torsos right.

Right. Faster faster faster faster supercharge supercharge supercharge right. It should be getting brighter and stronger and brighter and stronger faster and faster and faster it reverses. Direction it comes back down back down through the upper.

Donan back down around the middle dantean orbits around the lower. Donan and it's reabsorbed back into the lower danten when it's reabsorbed back into the lower danten all of that accumulated energy all of that accumulated power turns into mist and it fills the entire body and. Then it comes out our pores and it begins to fill up our energy field. So it turn it turns a hollow bubble into a solid bubble and it hardens our.

Shields right. And. Then you settle down into your lower down 10 open your eyes. And go about your day now the other thing you can do with that this is something this is a.

David add-on is you can suck some of that energy back in and pull make the sphere smaller and let the energy leak back out making it as it gets smaller it gets thicker the walls get thicker. So for those you know how to do turtle breathing or something like that you and and now all sudden goes goes from this big and certain a certain thickness to this big and this thickness right. So you can think about it that way. Then you set it and forget it okay.

Does that make sense okay. Everybody stand up. I may. I may or may not make sound effects part of my training.

I've been trained by someone who makes sound effects when they do meditations right. All right. Assume the position pulling down the heavens [Applause] one is fun melt down the front back. Center two his shoe three his tree melt through the floor all the way to the core of the earth.

Forest core feel that energy come up up the sacrum over the back down the front into the lower donen feel it fill and spiral getting stronger stronger stronger stronger overflows up to the heart heart fills up and out like a big. Fountain five alive six is [Applause] thick seven is heaven expand and grow that. Spirit body sink those. Spirit feet into the.

Earth in the animal kingdom the mineral. Kingdom eight his gate rocket that. Earth. Energy up spiral that.

Earth. Heaven energy down and oscillate faster and faster nine is shine bring the energy up from the. Earth to the heart down from heaven to the heart feel them meet and blend and merge you feel the energy emanate out in all directions like a brilliant sun 10 begin reach out pull down a cord of. Divine.

Light purify cleanse and root that my will be thy will that my will be thy will reach up pull out a. Second chord of. Divine. Light create a sanctuary in which to train from holy place to.

Holy. Place make this place thy holy. Place. Third.

Divine invocation reach up summon a cord of. Divine. Light bring it down through your taii pole your upper dantean your heart and your soul down into your lower dantean feel the energy pool in your lower dantean building building building overflowing up your. Tai pole out overflowing and charging up your spirit body charging up your energy body body charging up your physical body let my mind body and breath be filled by the divine power presence and holy spirit feel the energy wave out and up down backwards and forwards every time that energy merges with the energy of the sanctuary is reflected back twice as strong into you and feel that resonance moving back and forth feel yourself pulsing and waving just luxuriate in that bask in that rhythm in that wave feel the energ flowing notice how the feelings in your body shift and change that energy works its way deeper and stronger harmonizing when you're ready create an energy ball in your lower.

D chin bring it out feel it flow out of your body and hover at about the waist the dantean level feel it begin to. Circle and orbit around your body in a counterclockwise. Direction faster and faster and faster and faster and just like when we cycle go go faster faster faster faster faster faster and faster and faster feel it moving you may notice your body moving involuntarily as that sphere gets faster as it goes faster it begins to pick up energy begins to become stronger brighter warmer more powerful notice how the feelings in your body shift and change the energy begins to. SP that ball of energy begins to spiral down to your knees cycling faster and faster and faster and faster faster feeling it build feeling it grow in energy and vibration and frequency and power faster faster faster down to your ankles faster faster faster faster faster faster down.

But your feet from your feet it passes into your. Earth star it merges with your. Earth star bling faster and faster and faster and like a magnet fing at the speed of light around a magnetic uh copper coil feel that energy just feel all that earth power concentrating when you've reached a certain level of energy and you'll know when it's right. Feel how the body shifts and changes as that energy that ball begins to shift directions moving in a clockwise.

Direction spiraling upward from the earth star to your ankles from your ankles to your knees faster from your knees to your hips and your lower danten feel your girdle channel the energy. Meridian that wraps around your waist begin to activate as that energy passes around it faster and faster and faster feel that energy move up to your yellow. Court to your elbows faster and faster and faster to your heart faster faster and faster and faster to the throat the. Third eye the crown all the way up into that.

Soul star and feel it spiraling in your soul star faster and faster feel how the body shifts and changes as that. Soul star that. Soul star generates more and more and more energy as an energy ball collects and accelerates and amplifies it bigger and stronger and faster bigger stronger faster there's no. Need to measure it manage it or make it happen faster just notice that process taking place and when it reaches a maximum charge it begins to change direction once again spiraling down down from your crown to your.

Third eye to your throat your heart your solar plexus and your elbows your hips and your lower donen and as it begins to slow it begins to slowly position itself in front of your lower dantean feel how the feelings in your body shift and change as your all three bodies reabsorb that amazing powerful infinite. Sun of energy back into your body as your body reabsorbs that energy it turns into pure solid energy that spreads from the top of your head to the tips of your toes and all points in between filling you completely in the spaces between the spaces it begins to leak out through your pores filling your physical body your energy body your spirit body filling up your way. Chi field turning it into one solid impenetrable wall of energy and just feel it if you need to you can inhale some of that energy and pull that energy ball in tighter let that energy flow back out through your pores making the shell the walls of your. Shield even thicker even as you concentrate and condense the small.

So you can choose what size and what thickness these walls take when you know you've got it and only when you know you've got it set the intention that nothing that has ill intent or can harm you in any way is allowed to pass through that. Shield set the intention that's going to keep running and protect you from errant thought forms and energy vampires and whatever are the things you want to set it for and. Then like a snow globe that's been shaken allow the energy that's accumulated in your head to settle into your heart allow the energy that's accumulated in your heart to settle down into your lower donen is set the intention that this. Shield is going to stay up for as long as you want it to stay up and when you know you've got that pull in.

Earth. Chi. Heaven. Chi pour the energy in through the top of your head seal it in your lower danten pull in.

Earth. Chi. Heaven. Chi mix it.

Pour it into the top of your taii pole lead it down with your hands to the lower danten root it and seal it in in the lower. Donan pull in. Earth. Chi.

Heaven. Chi mix it and pour it lead it down the. Tai pole seal it in your lower danan when you're ready allow your eyes. To open notice how different you feel all right.

Get in groups of five and talk about it for a few minutes.
