Title: z9CjNkH4vwQ.txt
Video Id: z9CjNkH4vwQ
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z9CjNkH4vwQ

All right. You ready to play this is fun you'll like this this is actually one of the more fun ones to do right. You ready to play all right. Where you going are you i'm perfect thank you i appreciate that all right.

Ready to play close your eyes. Take a deep breath in let that breath out with a sigh deeper and deeper with every breath you take and every beat of your heart one day all i'd like you to do is just relax let go listen to the sound of my voice any sounds you hear other than the sounds of my voice or simply the sounds of your environment or mine they're not going to disturb you or distract you in any way in fact they're only going to signal you to allow your unconscious to come out to play to get some really cool stuff and to feel good and become the person you want to be instead of the person you were programmed to be now in a moment not yet. But in just a moment i'm going to ask you to focus all of your attention on the lizard horizon i know you're already there you can't wait to go deeper. But we're going to just go through the process.

Anyway for the folks at home who may one day see this video maybe not we'll see that's right. In a moment not yet. But in just a moment i'm going to ask you to focus all of your attention on the lids of your eyes. And the more you laugh the deeper you go the deeper you go the better you feel that's right.

Drifting dreaming floating guided by the sound of my voice in fact each time i drop that hand you may notice that trance doubling and tripling and quadrupling all the way wait for it down deeper and deeper and deeper still now in a moment not yet. But in just a moment i'm going to ask you to open and close your eyes. Each and every time you close your eyes. I want you to double triple maybe even quadruple this sense of physical relaxation want it to happen expect it to happen enjoy the process of allowing it to happen open your eyes.

All the way up close your eyes. All the way down deeper and deeper and deeper still opening those eyes. All the way up closing those eyes. All the way down deeper and deeper with every breath you take every beat of your heart opening those eyes.

All the way up and closing those eyes. All the way down a thousand times deeper every breath you take deeper and deeper and deeper still every beat of your heart still deeper the sound of my voice deeper still now in a moment not yet. But in just a moment i'm going to ask you to begin to relax your mind as deeply as you've relaxed your body we're going to do that in a very special way in a moment i'm going to begin to ask you to imagine the alphabet backwards starting with the letter z each and every breath you take each and every beat of your heart what i want you to do wendy is relax those letters completely from your mind allow them to become smaller and darker and harder to see turn the volume all the way down down down to the very deepest level of relaxation as deep as you can go today or even deeper and when you know they're gone and you're completely relaxed in mind as you are in body all i want you to do is allow one of your fingers to float up with honest unconscious movements perfect now let that finger drop go 10 times deeper you're doing fantastic wendy as a natural result of the processes we're doing today you're going to find that every single skill set that you've acquired every transformation and alchemical process you've undergone this past five days will become amplified magnified getting a thousand times more powerful a thousand times more wonderful a thousand times more transformational in every way locked into that part of your neurology mind body and soul that can most rapidly effectively and completely implement all of these changes each night while you sleep and while you dream your other than conscious mind will take the learnings of this week and our previous sessions together and she will begin to reorganize everything to move memories and shift them around to reorganize to create new neurological connections from one part of your brain to another. So that each morning upon awakening you'll see the world through new eyes.

Each morning when you look. In the mirror you'll see the woman you want to be instead of the one that the world tried to program you to be and each day will be better than the day before that's right. And just allow those processes and those instructions to reach the very deepest level of your mind body and soul now in a moment not yet. But in just a moment wendy i'd like you to use that amazing imagination of yours i'd like you to imagine that we've just entered the grey room and you can see those dome-shaped walls and the pictures if you need any pictures on the wall that need to go in the fire you can throw them in the fire.

But we're going to actually walk across the hall across that that grey room to a door that's on the opposite side and we're going to walk through that and we're going to go through that door together you and i and we're going to find ourselves in an amazingly cool place if you could imagine a garden that you designed that would have the most beautiful plants and shrubbery and design as we walk through that door that's where we find ourselves in the most amazing garden of wendy ever i can't help it every time i hear your name i think peter pan which is awesome right. And that's okay. Because in this place it's all about your imagination and anything you can imagine anything you can intend anything you can act out must must must become real and true and manifest in the external world because all the experts agree it's the inner world the quantum universe that controls our outer universe and inside your mind body and soul wendy inside that inner universe you are the queen of your kingdom you are the goddess of your realm and you have absolute right. Permission and authority to change and make anything you like and that will always be true for you now as you look.

Through this garden you notice everything as if you designed it perfectly is right. There. But one of the things that really kind of stand out are these what look. Like little statues or maybe not.

So little statues and some of them glow with a certain kind of inner radiance and you get the impression as you look. At them that each one of them represents an aspect of you as the soviet sports psychologists used to call a co-personality i like the neuroscientists call them sub cells. But you can just think of them as identities like suits of clothing that your neurology puts on and takes off as the situations and circumstances dictate and the interesting thing is some glow more brightly than others some are bigger than others. But one thing they all have in common is that at the base of each statue is a little plaque tells you exactly who and what this persona is what realms they control and right.

Below that are what look. Like little power plugs or battery packs or sockets for battery batteries that you would put into a camcorder or something similar and you get the impression that the only reason these things have any power at all that they have any ability to influence you at all is because of the power cords running to them or the battery pack that supplies them now what i'd like you to do wendy is there's some things about yourself that you'd like to to have less dominant parts of yourself that you'd like to be less dominant in your life and there's parts of you you'd like to have more of that you'd like to be more powerful more confident whatever those things are i'm just using those as examples what i'd like you to do is i'd like you to walk over to one of those statues you don't have to literally walk. But you can walk if you want to that's all right. I want you to go ahead and touch the one you want to change and that's right.

Now find that little power plug or that little battery pack and go ahead and just pull that battery pack right. Out of it [Music] watch it power down watch it shrink down watch it become smaller and colder until it disappears into the ground completely now there's another part of yourself that you want to have more of want to be more dominant in your personality i want you to find that statue go ahead and walk over to it plug that power in feel that thing getting stronger more powerful more wonderful never feel the feelings in your body shifting and growing taking over see all the bandwidth in your body changing as the power is reallocated to a new part of you when you know it's locked in try to turn it off and notice what happens instead that's right. Excellent. So i want you to do is pretty simple i want you to find another one you want to you want to have less of and go ahead and reach out and just disempower that one now find out where do you want to put that energy where you want it to go feel the energy vibrating all throughout your mind and body feel the changes feel the circuitry in your brain changing your body changing let the changes lock in and lock in.

So fully and. So completely they're impossible to turn off in fact you might even want to notice there's a color connected to that breathe that color through your entire body and notice what happens that's right. Enjoy it because it just gets better that's right. Now all i want you the process is pretty simple since you're in the garden you know what it is you want to change you know what you want more of all i want you to do is to go up to the statues that represent those parts of yourself you want to be less dominant less powerful less pervasive in your life pull out the power and reallocate that energy to the new parts of your mind body and soul that you want more of become the person you choose to be instead of the person that was chosen for you that's right.

Notice how good that feels getting stronger and stronger and stronger feel the power of heal the energy surging through you impossible to stop only getting stronger for as long as your heart continues to beat and your lungs continue to breathe impossible to turn off prove it test it try to turn it off notice what happens instead that's right. Excellent as you look. Around this this particular gardener how many more statues we need to fix that's one all right. Reach down grab that sucker hmm [Music] that's it good enjoy it even stronger now and even stronger and stronger and stronger now you've done such a great job i'm gonna show you something really cool i wasn't going to show this.

But i think you've earned it i'm going to turn around this way just for grins and giggles now do you like movies wendy you ever see that movie iron man one of the cool things about iron man is that it's his suits of armor and you know how his suit could actually open up and he could he could actually like step inside him would close around him i want you to look. At all those glowing statues and realize they're like suits of iron man armor and i want you to reach out and touch the center of one of them and it goes and it opens up like a set of armor and you can actually just turn around step into it when it closes up all around you now notice what happens see the world through that space yeah now i don't that's it that's what i'm talking about lock those changes in now i don't are you an avengers fan there was a scene in the avengers where tony stark had to fight the hulk and. So he got a suit of armor for his suit of armor you remember that well you know right. Next to you is that other one that you liked really well and that opens up bigger and you can step inside that one with your suit of armor on feel them all plugging in synergizing amplifying becoming ten times ten thousand times stronger hulk strength that's what i'm talking about yeah lock it in seal the armor feel it just integrate becoming a natural permanent part of everything you are everything you want to be.

So that for as long as your heart continues to beat and your lungs continue to breathe you have it it's always with you it's always on and you can come out whenever you want to. But who wants to that's what i'm talking about. So all i want you to do is just layer those suits of armor on until you got them all that's it that's what i'm talking about feel the power that's what i'm talking about yeah lock it in when you know it's locked in test it just to be sure try to turn that off notice what happened that's right. When you're all done just nod your head to let me know all done excellent we're just going to turn you around just a little bit right.

Here i got you in a moment not yet. But in just a moment i'm going to count from one to five when i reach the number five you're going to emerge from this state bringing all of this power all of this armor all of these transformations revelations and modifications with you head clear mind clear thinking and acting with calm self-assurance feeling good all over unstoppable invincible in every way a feeling that will only get better for as long as your heart continues to beat and your lungs continue to breathe number one feel yourself returning to this place we call reality bringing with you a brand new reality wendy reality where you're the one who's unstoppable invincible only getting more powerful you're the one who's learned how to do this and the best part is you can come back to this garden anytime you want and make any change you want any change you can name and describe you can find a place to energize or in some cases de-energize that's your power and it's yours for as long as your heart continues to beat and your lungs continue to breathe number two all of my suggestions from me to you from you to your very own other than conscious mind are now ten times more powerful ten times more permanent a thousand times more satisfying and fulfilling a million times more irresistible locked into that part of your heart mind body and soul that most wants desires can implement facilitate and express these changes in all the ways that make your life better number three always at least three ways to overcome any situation obstacle or circumstance that you may face always at least three solutions to any problem you need to solve and your other than conscious mind will now easily effortlessly and automatically generate those solutions in the quickest easiest most effective way for the good of yourself and all concern number four because it's all for you wendy you've followed the instructions you've obeyed the commands you've done the work you're wearing that armor i don't want to mess with you now it's all for you you've done the work you've earned those rewards sweetie and it's true for you now you live it to the fullest on the. Next count you can emerge from this state only at the rate and speed that every level of your neurology mind body and soul understands comprehenses recognizes and is aware that you've got it living it to the fullest maximizing every opportunity expressing yourself in every way that makes your life better that gives you the life you want the way you want it by your standards and your definitions head clear mind clear thinking and acting with calm self-assurance feeling good all over glad to be alive ready to thrive number five [Applause] questions energize.
