Title: zFgsdYFmffY.txt
Video Id: zFgsdYFmffY
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zFgsdYFmffY

And you should this is. David. Schneider from. Q show camp.

McConnell. I think really. Bertram and my good friend. Esther.

Smith back there who's. Manning the camera they need a little screen credit. So in this lesson we're going to talk about something that we do in combat future. Jitsu - depression point work which we call universal entrance in earlier videos other videos you may have seen.

I mentioned that there are three. University entries one of the reasons that that because as self-defense people we need to minimize reaction we need to be able to make and just flow in detecting problem that we have with many martial arts curriculum today fourteen techniques for one particular service and what happens if we get in the all the techniques to figure out which one is the most appropriate. However if we have a formula a recipe that we can fly has two or three you know two or three sets of movements in every situation or circumstance we can a lot of things are slow us down to realize well. So in an earlier video my.

First universal entry was one in pretty much every future guy on the planet is called rush traps right. Or rush this comes from the blade this comes from you want to learn is be in one of two places inside his arm outside coming at me his hands on the outside to 300 million hours again just like easily use a wooden dummy or all of the glue is. I want to place myself and their hardware's a punch at your. Center.

Later lessons depending on among learn about how to take advantage of we're stuff right. Now let's let's get. So most people they find much to your centerline. I'm not going to mess with no.

More arts like the painter weapon that's not place outside off is attack line is attack line mama always punched in your centerline their fists as. I do this. I want to work pressure points work set up points. I'm going to work this on when this is large intestine ten work this point.

I need to replace my at the right. Angular direction impressed keep it blasted remember a lot of the techniques that. I'm dealing with here it required a high velocity high energy rust low velocity okay. Combat the velocity will be there in ten we needs with all the structure that's used to moving a loan that's used to actually making a volume move without being pushed some more about that.

I'm going brush brush strike the. First thing. I'm gonna be using this stat always step reason. I started my hands it's the position myself and.

Then place my hand that position here this case would be seven five. I push through. I want to go mean to blast him this is important safety. First punch comes in yeah whoo boy what here again.

I'm content with it inside long the on remaining hearth party. I push ah. I need to feel that body weight that. I need to be a.

I also think this is what are the actual body mechanics. I'm going to get when. I do this every technique your default thing to see in vallata momentum to make it work chances are you're missing them there's a gap with your training we should be able to apply these slow venturing down where to play with it was about you to arrest suspect percent and. I'd like to make joke is the deadliest.

Sedaris marshal on one planet something like this okay. The movements even though you're watching the hand the movement is initiated from the hips the reason for this is a. I don't want to deal with the attack. I want to deal with the man probably is that.

I move to more. So in other words if. I'm here doing this he can sense them he's going to respond. However if.

I move from. George. Throwdown chain rally hips brownies he doesn't and it puts me in exactly within a better position to while at the same time it distorts instruction. So one of the things that you want to do with this and we can play.

But we don't have to use this position using this just teaching purpose we can do it we can do it from any kind of rap any kind of whole town is rah rotate the shoulder now important here is this is where everybody screws this move up this. I'm not doing this we're business my goal is not to touch the arm per. Second around the inside here getting around and coming up inside this way a five-passenger. Then what you want to do is you can play with this and a lot of different ways pretty much any an attack on the front from this position again.

I roll through here. I don't worry about getting the hands off me because. I know where the ends are and it becomes very easy for me to attack and why bypass the. I don't him again this can even.

I can come this way notice that. I noticed is. Jo. PB as.

I my past number. I do this and. Then to shoulder up a locket. I circumvent complain.

Musa notice how it is and he grabs sizing ones it'll still slide off slide off doesn't matter how big they are commercial entry very variation. But the same movement. First time we were doing this we came up the. Senate.

Paulo more than just a new yacht people you know we have and she called yeah right. Here this thing is heading back from the body living it like please that's the only point okay. How do. I hit okay.

Remember does it answer occupy as long as. I don't fight the hands from somewhere else he can't made a connection his body can't come circumvent again how can you see the for now. University come in with the elbow this way. But wait there's more for some reason.

I don't want to come in down the center you see while these moves in your cup a same movement right. Different centerline in this case. I used this to lock it up. I come on a lot of different this.

But the training method is very simple place press. But not going to be pleasant for your partner. But at least they won't be vomiting or suffering from neurological trauma to train all these different ways. So this is universal entry number two in all the different ways is go play drinks and see the house.
