Title: ZugnUQNEjW4.txt
Video Id: ZugnUQNEjW4
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZugnUQNEjW4

What are the dynamics of an unconscious response come on you got to pay attention right. Its. First sorry you were unconscious okay. But.

I gave you four very specific parameters right. First it's the. First thing that pops up basically you always think you're making it up it's never and it's almost always you almost always have an urge to edit it there's almost always a background or say oh that's not right. That's just a random thought.

I can't have anything to do with why you're here yes. It is there is no. Such thing ladies and gentlemen as a random thought and a human being just because you can't see the connections doesn't mean they aren't there there are firewall on firewall upon firewall between each level of the nervous system and it generalizes upward. But it doesn't always generalize downward if you if you're at the core-tex level in the old cortical level the rational logical level your unconscious mind understands everything that conscious mind is going through it doesn't care because it's running a show what it does want from your conscious mind is direction it's running default programs and it's holding the ship waiting for the conscious mind to do its job which is go back inside and tell it what to do with its resources using the proper interface.

But it doesn't we don't do that because our culture didn't teach us how to do that it taught us that if there's anybody who had this experience you drive it it's a bright. Sunny day here maybe you've driving this floor you driving with the top down the cars top not there's impressions my daughter is back there okay. But you're driving down you drive down the street maybe the cops down you crank in the radio not a thought in your head. I having a good old time and we ever have the spirits and.

Then a shitty thought from when you were six comes up oh that stop that back down turn the radio up louder and off you go right. But what you don't realize is that your unconscious mind is hanging out down here some smothering in his own say hey. I ain't doing anything right. Now maybe we can.

Finally handle that and we're going down right. And that's what we do because nobody taught us that the fastest to duck to quote the love guru the only way out the only way out is it people hear it how many didn't have a military background all right. When they were teaching you and. I did.

I'm. I never had the honor of serving. But. I try to serve as many of you as.

I can now in the capacities that. I can. But when you were being trained did they teach you how to deal with ambushes what'd they tell you how do you survive an ambush. Bodie drive and shoot okay.

Run towards it because if you run away from the end which what happens you guy right. You're trained to do the counterintuitive thing because that's the highest chance of survival human beings your reptile brain is running the show now how many people have not seen one of my videos okay. There's a whole. YouTube channel full of reptile turn right.

But we talked about the three brains people talk about. I'm always talking about how the reptile brain runs the show and it does if you want to transcend the reptile brain you must do two things hey you must accept that you have it that you will not get rid of it and. Then you must learn to do the counterintuitive thing you must learn to run into the things that the reptile wants you to run away from because your greatest growth greatest knowledge your greatest enlightenment is on the other side of what the meat wants you to run away polarity in any direction towards or away from there's an. NLP turn toward than away from everything up he tells us that all union beings are either motivated towards pleasure and away from pain.

Buddha says good common and bad karma is still karma true not true it's intuitive want to get rid of bad karma alright. Do we want to give it a good car that's a reptilian response you run towards pleasure and away from pain right. We want to run towards the plight of the pain no. That's a rebellion response right.

If you want to evolve if you want to transcend the lizard you must accept who and what it is and he was also understand what it's telling you the things we've been away from are the things that guide us toward where we need to go to be free. But it's not easy if it were easy everybody would do it just an idea when the reptile sends you message there's a positive intention for it to you many times where you go through an experience and it's directly pertinent to the processes we've studied up to this point when you go through a process or experience you will start to spin it and it will start to diminish now many times when you do the spinning technique it'll just drop from whatever it is to zero they'll be done. But every now and. Then you'll come across something that doesn't change completely it changes incrementally.

So you'll spin it and it'll go from an 8 to a 6 or a 6 to a 5.5 and usually remember that the nervous system is based around this idea of wash rinse repeat most people when they point to where they feel they spin it they do it one time they get what they get an e belong they forget it it's one that says good. I me know just keep going and you will eventually get it to zero now sometimes what happens though is a you go from an 8 to a 6 to a four to. A two and it stays it it to won't go any further or sometimes you get it from the eight to a six to a 4 to a 2 to 0 and. Then 20 minutes.

Later an hour two days. Later three days. Later you come back when that happens it's indicative of the same thing basically there's some lesson or some implicit rule connected to that experience that the neurology wants to hold on to because if it were to let that fat rule or that lesson go you would be in danger again remember your neurology the. First the.

First prime directive of the unconscious mind is to keep you safe anything that moves the genes forward anything that leads to better survival outcomes the neurology just going to do it's not going to ask your permission okay. Many times one like. I see this a lot with back injuries and neck injuries a lot of times what happens is people will have a back injury and they'll go through the rehab process and everything and there's nothing physically wrong with their back anymore and they have full range of motion in certain ways. But they turn a certain way and there's a tightness there it's like an achy feeling it limits their mobility and they think that's as good as it's going to get actually what you've got there is emotional muscle guarding what's literally happening is the nervous system is generating a ghost pain almost like a phantom limb pain that remind you hey don't do that again because it doesn't believe it won't do it again.

So many times what's happened is when someone's had a pain that's going down to like a two minute doesn't move if we extract the lesson and move it to a different part of the neurological filing system the pain goes away in a mobility of that because we've satisfied the prime directive of the unconscious mind was to protect us procrastination protection it's it the problem is is we're afraid we may not know consciously what we're afraid of. But the thing we're afraid of and the thing generating the fear it has a structure anybody have a pain or something pouchy what do you got from your. Brotherhood you named. John.

John welcome just hurts it just hurts. So are you looking for is skill to attend the intensity that'd be nice is there any reason why you want to keep it yeah what keeps you from paying attention is that your eyes. Once where you can look. At it with your inner eyes.

I want you to notice there's a color connected to that feeling what's the color. First impression yeah you shouldnt grab all that yellow wanders you take it out hold it in your hands in front of you make sure you get it all cuz sometimes. SEO tides not that people bullish it out. I dig for 20 minutes you got it all yeah okay.

As you look. At it whether your inner eyes. Did the color change or stay the same person pressure change excellent what you change to green excellent now you look. At that ravine energy.

I want you know system moving it's spinning in a certain direction what direction that's been physically grab with both of your hands make it the opposite of what it was now spin it like a wheel in that new direction double spin done the speed double the force double magnet keep doubling it oh we're over and over again until it takes on a life of its own until it's impossible cord to come back the way it was when you know you've got it slam it back into that spot that's right. Let it happen notice a change no. No. This is a program works its way deeper and deeper into your neurology any program any belief any situation any circumstance any feeling that's not in harmony with this new set of instructions in neurology is gonna begin to shed it's gonna begin the purge like a snake shedding its skin the old software being uninstalled by newer more powerful more unstoppable software in every way just notice the process taking place allow it to fully complete itself and when you know you've got it you know it's locked in try to bring the old feeling back and notice what happens instead better come up whatever feelings come up that's just the emotional detox that's your body's way of purging what you no.

Longer need because it's done you'll notice when they do this they'll break out in a sweat he's sweating bullets right. Now that's his whole nervous system resetting eyes. A flutter you'll see people do all kinds of weird stuff you gotta let them know it's okay. Because we live in a society that teaches us it's not okay.

It's not okay. To express it's not okay. To be ourselves we're bad people forget even having certain kinds of thoughts they're giving us all cancer that's pretty radical statement. I know.

But that's right. I don't come up with it come on it's okay. I rise to hope you try to bring it back notice what happens better throw the skills over 1000 now you can see that face that's the face of somebody processing a whole lot more than they thought he was doing applause that wasn't what. I wanted to do.

But that was the appropriate technique for him well you want to come on come on you got something. I don't for some reason. I just zero in his okay. To be on camera is okay.

To be on camera come on now. Then we talk about that bucket list thing the problem we have with bucket listing is that many times when we go to pick something we want to fix we usually pick the nastiest evilest the most ridiculously powerful thing in our life that's causing us the most drama and. Then we literally try to read the instructions out of the book. While we do it not a good idea you guys know the story of.

Bambi versus. Godzilla well the little five-minute clip that you see where. Betty is going in and that's pretty much what happens when you take a technique you've just learned from the book. And throw it against an experiment or event and have 20 years of built-up energy to it you can't do it it's too strong and you're already caught in smart person syndrome because you don't know the technique you have no.

You have no. History of success with it and you're going up against something you've been doing successfully for 25 years to feel miserable that's why it don't work you got to invert that formula you got it you got to develop a technique that is. So powerful it's. So strong and.

So reliable for you. But by the time you reach those those little tens and 11 items and he's it's no. Different subjectively than a1 or a2 right. And that's the whole bucket listing process.

So. I'm gonna add what your name yeah. Janice thank you for coming out and she brought her own chair which she's renting by the way. So if anybody has two needs a chair do you know something that may be honest kind of shitty this scale of 0 to 10 is if.

I got one order between a1 and a3 changing it up okay. So you don't have to tell me what it was. But when. I watch is when you think of that thing it should close your eyes.

And point to where you feel it bothers you that's right. Excellent now with your other hand. I want you to imagine there's a picture floating in the space around you that represents that feeling we tell with your other hand and flying that picture for me let's reach out touch it. First impression excellent now take both of your hands trace the edges of it with both of your hands.

So you know exactly how big it is excellent just to make sure we've got the right. One. I want you to grab it just like you're doing now it should expand it like the windows on your iPhone and notice what happens is you expand the picture what happens to the feeling you yeah all right. Put it back to where it was now again pull it closer to your body notice what happens to the feelings yeah put it back that's all.

I need now isn't kidding about this okay. Any reason why you might want to keep it okay. I want you to use your imagination now put a big thick black frame around that image now you're probably too young to remember with televisions have actual dials and knobs and switches instead of remote control. But.

I want you to feel on the bottom on that frame. I want you to notice that there's a knob that controls the brightness of the contracts and just find that end up forming excellent. I want you to turn all the way they go right. Until the image whites out completely notice what happens to me excellent turn it all the way to the left at the wheel bunch of blacks out completely tell me what happens to the okay.

Perfect which one you like better turn it all the way to the white until unit whites out completely perfect now are you right-handed or lated excellent the index finger of your right. Hand just like you would take a stylus and write across a tablet. I want you to write everything that this experience had to teach you. So you can keep the lessons and let the rest go just start right.

You only have to consciously know what you're writing or handle just start moving and keeping the screen on scroll. So you can write as much as little as you want and just keep writing until you know you got it all anything that pops into your head get it on that screen got all excellent grab reach up grab with both of your hands shrink it down to the size of postage damage float it up over the top of your head take it moving back behind the right. You know the sound of nail gun makes feel like nail back there when you know what's mailed back there possible to bring back try to bring it back and notice what happens instead okay. Move your hands down take it to every body notice how to everything guilty or not completely gone big round of applause for a lady what's interesting about that particular technique is that worked really well in people with frozen shoulders people can't raise their arms.

I tell them. I don't point to refueling they do this. I said find the picture they do this like a make it bigger make it smaller and pull it closer now lift it up over your head back there like this they're gonna what the just that if they even realize it. I've had this happen with.

MMA fighters. I had this happen with bodybuilders right. Because every physical issue we have has an emotional component in cannot even it wasn't externally a broken leg has an emotional component a broken leg has the most of the punches may not be the sticking point in the healing process. But sometimes it is sometimes the bones don't knit and they should why my job.

I don't make the rules. I just exploit. I mean report them and the reason. I demonstrate that technique is because that is the technique that you use when you reach a stopping point where the technique just won't go any further because many times what happens is we reach a point where the unconscious mind is saying we'll we're getting rid of this that's cool wait a minute you learned this from that experience if we let everything go he'll forget that and it'll happen again which is the big fear of the neurology your neurology is afraid that if it lets it fully go you'll forget the lesson and it'll happen to you again this is why we need this special technique because when the unconscious mind puts together a.

DVD all right. It's got a blank. DVD and it's just written up this really cool traumatic experience that it's going to play for you it doesn't it doesn't it's like it's rather it looks like ragu you know a little spaghetti sauce commercial it's written it's in there. But it's not like this is this part and that is that birds all in together like one big freakin stew and it doesn't make a distinction between the lessons implicitly and explicitly learn from that experience and the experience itself it's all lumped together and until you give the neurology a very different process that allows it to preserve that one piece it will tend out of default to hold on to everything because it doesn't know how to make a distinction because you haven't told it it doesn't know how to make a distinction to look.

At what needs to go or what needs to stay. So everything stays that's the default mechanism when in doubt report it right. So how many of you here. I've got something they'd like to on a scale of shitty to scale of zero to three they'd like to change.

I get rid of my stand-up who's got one. I'm not gonna ask you what it is yet how many people here have something they'd like more of all right. So call it weeks. But it's something you want more of what.

I tend to do is. I tend to do everything the same up to we start writing the lessons everything is the same and. Then what. I do is instead of just moving it back although you can.

I turn the picture of something you want more of and you want to be more dominant in your life into like a windshield on a car where you see everything through that filter. So you just make it really freakin big and you just leave it in front of you and you make it a little bit transparent. So you can see the future through it these are different things that you can use to program your neurology for those of you got something you want to get rid of let's just start very basic points where you feel it imagine now there's a feeling can enter the color connected to that feeling we'll come back to the color. Later if we need to now.

I want you to imagine that there's a picture floating in the space around you that represents that feeling. I want you to reach out and touch it take both of your hands trace the edges of it with both of your hands. So you know exactly how big it is just to make sure we got the right. One.

I want you to grab the edges pull it closer to your body notice what happens to the intensity of the feeling put it back make the picture bigger notice what happens to the intensity of the feeling and now we'll put it back to where it was put a big thick black frame around it now for those of you who are old enough to remember the old scrub televisions with the dials and the knobs and the switches. I just want you to find that contrast knob turn it all the way to the right. Or the white until the image whites out completely and notice how that makes you feel turn the image all the way to the left notice how that makes you feel some people makes it mimics if you work some people just like it feels better when they go to the black. So whatever your system does there is no.

Wrong way to do this it's all about discovering the coding system that your neurology uses to create your experience that's what this exercise is really about whichever one makes it feel better turn it all the way to that direction to you guys if you're yawning that's a good thing okay. That means you're clearing okay. People do all kinds of weird stuff physiologically when these things happen wait it out completely now with your dominant hand your dominant finger imagine that your index fingers like a stylus. I want you to write across that blacked out or whitened out screen everything that this experience had to teach you.

So you can keep the lessons and let the rest go keep writing until you know you've got it all the screen will scroll. So you can write as much as your little heart desires when you know you've got it all just nod your heads a little bit and. I'll move on to the. Next piece.

But some of you were like raving novels and that's okay. Your unconscious mind will get all of these instructions. Anyway now what. I want you to do is something you want more of make it big make the image slightly translucent.

So you can see the lessons and the future beyond. So that everywhere you go whatever you do you've got those lessons guiding you or you've got those rules guiding you for that thing you want more of for those of you that wanted does this gone. I want you to shrink that stack down to the size of a postage stamp floated up over the top of your head who would back beyond the horizon you know the sound and nail gun makes you look. Nailed back there possible to come back when you know it's luck back there try to bring it back notice what happens instead well you know it's done take a tour of your body notice how different notice.

I feel speak to me. I feel really good excellent how's your throw up. Anyway it feels great very cool there's no. Strangling going on damn it applause all right.

When we come back we're gonna teach you some amazingly cool stuff about how to drive her own bus now a lot of things that we've done well deal with pretty much everything that's on that board true not true how many people here already fixed some that was on that board when they came in who did it. I just showed you how. I just showed you now and this is the worst you'll ever be. First time you learned anything is the worst you ever do right.

The same process as long as you wholly engage in the process which is the hardest part because we think somehow it store different or. But there is a difference between being on the outside of it rigged somebody else having an experience and being in it and that's the thing you've got to be prepared for when this gentleman came he came out for a shoulder issue if you didn't expect to break out in a sweat have weird come bubbling up out of nowhere did you that's what happens there's no. Such thing as a random. Inc or random pain your body's one of massive hard drive and nobody gave me the operating system and when we come back we're gonna actually teach you not just the techniques we're gonna teach you the operating system we're gonna teach you how it works in the metaphors that you can understand and use and we're gonna help we're gonna guide you through a couple of processes where you just clean up your own that'd be cool and program you want should be a technical term every time we'll see in a 15-mile pilot before.

I got a couple gifts for everybody who came out tonight most of you obviously are not going to make the trip to. California. I get that remember. I said my demographic falls into three distinct sets people who want my help to fix their own people who want my help to fix their and of course people who want to fix other people's what.

I always do for all of my seminar participants whether it's a meet-up or whatever everybody who came out tonight my gift to you specially for the holidays is a free 30-minute consultation with me in this case via. Skype and it's it's my thirty minutes it's your questions it's not a therapy session because as much as. I like to think. I can help everyone.

I can and. So a lot of what. I do is. I spend a lot of time finding out is your case of fit for our methods and if it is.

I'll tell you how. I can help them what we can do and we'll discuss strategies for getting you the help that you want or need if. I can't help you. I will tell you that -.

I'll make recommendations for where to go. Next. I don't have a lot of slots left because of the holiday if you can come to. California do it right.

But we do item over 75% of my clientele is international. So. I do a lot of work through. Skype through hangouts.

FaceTime whatever. So all you need to do to claim your free gift is. Stampede. Tracy in the back of the room and she'll get your name and stuff on our schedule it's a seeming normally $175 an hour.

So it's 30 minutes of my time your question whatever you want and we'll just have a good time do some cool stuff. So that's what. I got for right. Now eat as much chocolate as humanly possible drink the coffee when you come back.

I'm gonna give you the keys to running your own neurology big time right. Thank you.
