Title: FREE NLP TRAINING - How To Control Your Subconscious Mind |David Snyder Pt 2
File Name: ZugnUQNEjW4.txt
Video Id: ZugnUQNEjW4
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZugnUQNEjW4

What are the. Dynamics of an unconscious response come on you guys are pay attention right. You sorry not knowing that you were unconscious not knowing that you were unconscious okay. But.

I gave you some very specific parameters right. It's. First it's the. First thing that pops up you think you're making you always think you're making it up it's never loud and it's almost always you almost always have an urge to edit it there's almost always a background say oh that's not right.

That's just a random thought that can't have anything to do with why you're here yes. It is there is no. Such thing ladies and gentlemen as a random thought in a human being just because you can't see the connections doesn't mean they aren't there okay. There are firewall upon firewall upon firewall between each level of the nervous system and it generalizes upward.

But it doesn't always generalize downward you if you're at the cortex level the neocortical level the rational logical level your unconscious mind understands everything that conscious mind is going through it doesn't care cuz it's running the show what it does want from your conscious mind is. Direction it's running default programs and it's holding this waiting for the conscious mind to do its job which is go back inside and tell it what to do with its resources using the proper interface. But it doesn't we don't do that because our culture didn't teach us how to do that it taught us that if there's like anybody ever had this experience you're driveing it's a bright. Sunny day you're maybe you're driving with this.

La you're driving with the top down the car's top not stop that there's impressionable my daughter is back there okay. But you're driving down the you driving down the street maybe the cop's down you cranking the radio not a thought in your head right. Having a good old time anybody ever had this experience and. Then a shitty thought from when you were six comes up you go that you stomp that back down turn the radio up louder and off you go right.

But what you don't realize is that your unconscious mind is is hanging out down here s you know smothering in his own saying hey ain't doing anything right. Now maybe we can. Finally handle this and we're going. I don't want down down down right.

And that's what we do because nobody taught us that the fastest to to quote the. Love. Guru the only way. I he's in the only way out he's in people here how many people have a military background all right.

When they were teaching you and. I did. I'm. I never had the honor of serving.

But. I. I try to serve as many of you as. I can now in the capacities that.

I can. But when you were being trained did they teach you how to deal with ambushes what they tell you how do you survive an ambush bod drop and shoot drop and shoot. NE okay. They don't yeah run toward you run towards it because if you run away from the.

Ambush what happens you die right. You're trained to do the counterintuitive thing because that's the highest chance of survival human beings your reptile brain is running the show now how many people have not seen one of my videos okay. There's a whole. YouTube.

Channel full of reptile not real reptile a technical term right. But we talk about the brains people talk about. I'm always talking about how the reptile brain runs the shell and it does if you want to transcend the reptile brain you must do two things a you must accept that you have one that you will not get rid of [Music] it okay. And.

Then you must learn to do the counterintuitive thing you must learn to run into the things that the reptile wants you to run away from because your greatest growth your greatest knowledge your greatest. Enlightenment is on the other side of what the meat wants you to run away from polarity in any direction towards or away from there's an. NLP term towards and away from. NP tells us that all human beings are either motivated towards pleasure and away from.

Pain. Buddha says. Good. Karma and and.

Bad. Karma is still. Karma true not true true it's intuitive you want to get rid of the. Bad.

Karma right. But do we want to get rid of the. Good. Karma oh that's a reptilian response isn't it we run towards pleasure and away from pain right.

Do we want to run towards the the pain that no. No. That's a reptilian response right. If you want to evolve if you want to transcend the lizard you must accept who and what it is and work with it and you must also understand what it's telling you on a higher level the things we run away from are the things that guide us towards where we need to go to be free.

But it's not easy if it were easy everybody would do it right. Just an idea um when the reptile sends you a message there's a positive intention for it to you many times when you go through an experience and it's directly pertinent to the processes we've studied up to this point when you go through a process or experience you will start to spin it and it'll start to diminish now many times when you do the spinning technique it'll just drop from whatever it is to zero it'll be done. But every now and. Then you'll come across something that doesn't change completely it changes incrementally.

So you'll spin it and it'll go from an eight to a six or a six to a 5.5 and usually remember that the nervous system is based around this idea of wash rinse repeat most people when when they they they point to where they feel it they take out they spin it they do it one time they get what they get and they move on they forget it and they that's as good. I'm no. Just keep going and you will eventually get it to zero now sometimes what happens though is a you go from an eight to a six to a four to a two and it stays at a two won't go any further or sometimes you get it from a eight to a six to a four to a two to a zero and. Then 20 minutes.

Later an hour 2. Days. Later 3 days. Later it comes back when that happens it's indicative of the same thing basically there's some lesson or some implicit rule connected to that experience that the neurology wants to hold on to because if it were to let that.

F rule or that lesson go you would be in danger again remember your neurology the. First the. First prime directive of the unconscious mind is to keep you safe anything that moves the genes forward anything that leads to better survival outcomes the neurology is just going to do it's not going to ask your permission okay. Many times when like.

I see this a lot with back injuries and neck injuries a lot of times what happens is people will have a back injury and they'll go through the rehab process and everything and there's nothing physically wrong with their back anymore and they have full range of motion in certain ways. But they they turn a certain way and there's a tightness there it's like an achy feeling it limits their mobility and they think that's as good as it's going to get actually what you've got there is emotional muscle guarding what's literally happening is the nervous system is generating a ghost pain almost like a phantom limb pain that reminds you hey don't do that again because it doesn't believe you won't do it again. So many times what has happened happened is when someone's had a pain that's gone down to like a two and it doesn't move if we extract the lesson and move it to a different part of the neurological filing system the pain goes away and the mobility comes back because we've satisfied the prime directive of the unconscious mind is to protect us procrastination protection [Music] okay. Optim it's it the problem is is we're afraid we may not know consciously what we're afraid of.

But the thing we're afraid of and the thing generating the fear has a structure anybody have a pain something ouchie come on what do you got for me brother what's your name. John. John welcome all right. What do you got bro uh right.

Here back left shoulder back left shoulder what' you do to it it just hurts it just hurts is that what you're looking for how long how long you been going on now since. I'm here you've been here okay. Scale of 0 to 10 the intensity of the feeling is it okay. To get rid of it yeah you sure that'd be nice is there any reason why you might want to keep it yeah keep from paying attention keeps you from paying attention.

Okay. That proc close your eyes. Point to where you feel it now look. At it with your inner eyes.

I want you to notice there's a color connected to that feeling what's the color. First impression yellow reach in grab all that yellow energy take it out and hold it in your hands in front of you make sure you get it all cuz sometimes that hides and. I've had people pull the out. I dig for 20 minutes you got it all yeah okay.

As you look. At it with your inner eyes. Did the color change or stay the same. First impression changed excellent what it change too green excellent as you look.

At that green energy. I want you to notice it's moving it's spinning in a certain direction what direction is it spinning physically grab it with both of your hands make it the opposite of what it was now spin it like a wheel in that new. Direction double the spin double the speed double the force double the magnitude keep doubling it over and over and over again until it takes on a life of its own until it's impossible for it to come back the way it was when you know you've got it slam it back into that spot that's right. Let it happen notice the change notice it's gone notice as the program works its way deeper and deeper into your neurology any program any belief any situation any circumstance any feeling that's not in harmony with this new set of instructions your neurology is going to begin to shed it's going to begin to purge like a snake shedding it skin in like old software being uninstalled by newer more powerful more.

Unstoppable software in every way just notice the process taking place allow it to fully complete itself and when you know you've got it you know it's locked in try to bring the old feeling back and notice what happens instead let it come up whatever feelings come up that's just the emotional detox that's your body's way of purging what you no. Longer need because it's done now now you'll notice when they do this they'll break out in a sweat he's. Sweating. Bullets right.

Now that's his whole nervous system resetting right. You your eyes. Will flutter you'll see people do all kinds of weird stuff let them you got to let them know it's okay. Because we live in a society that teaches us it's not okay.

It's not okay. To express it's not okay. To be ourselves that we're bad people for just even having certain kinds of thoughts them they're giving us all cancer right. Now that's pretty radical statement.

I know. But him that's right. Let it come up let it come out it's okay. Well you know you got it just allow your eyes.

To open try to bring it back notice what happens instead feels better 0 to scale 0 to 10 zero zero now you see that face that's the face of somebody processing a whole lot more than he thought he was give a big round of applause let it happen [Applause] that wasn't what. I wanted to do. But that was the appropriate technique for him uh you no. Not you well you want to come up come on you want to come up you got something.

I don't know for some reason. I just zeroed is it okay. To be on camera. H is it okay.

To be on camera come on now remember we talked about that bucket list thing the problem that we have with bucket listing is that many times when we go to to to pick something we want to fix we usually pick the nastiest evilest most ridiculously powerful thing in our life that's causing us the most drama and. Then we literally try to read the instructions out of the book. While we do it not a good idea you guys know the story of. Bambi versus.

Godzilla there is yes. There is still well the little 5 minute clip that you see where. Bandy is going that's pretty much what happens when you take a technique you've just learned from a book. And throw it against an exper a feeling or emotion or event that have 20 years of built up energy to it you can't do it it's too strong and you're you're you're already caught in smart person syndrome because you don't know the technique you have no.

You have no. History of success with it and you're going up against something you've been doing successfully for 20 years to feel miserable that's why it don't work you got to invert that formula you've got you got to develop a technique that is. So powerful and. So strong and and and.

So reliable for you that by the time you reach those those level 10 and. L nines and eights it's no. Different subjectively than a one or a two right. And that's the whole bucket listing process.

So. I'm going to ask what's your name again. Janice. Janice thank you for coming out um and she brought her own chair which she's renting by the way.

So if anybody has to you know need to chair do you have something that maybe on a on a shittiness scale of zero to 10 is it like a one or between a one and a three that you'd like to change or get rid of yeah okay. So you don't have to tell me what it was. But what. I want you is when you think of that thing want you to close your eyes.

And point to where you feel it that thing that bothers you that's right. Excellent now with your other hand. I want you to imagine that there's a picture floating in the space around you that represents that feeling reach out with your other hand and find that picture for me just. Reach.

Out. And. Touch it. First impression excellent now take both of your hands trace the edges of it with both of your hands.

So you know exactly how big it is excellent now just to make sure we've got the right. One. I want you to grab it just like you're doing now. I want you to expand it like the windows on your iPhone and notice what happens as you expand the picture what happens to the feeling e yeah all right.

Put it back to where it was now again pull it closer to your body notice what happens to the feeling yeah put it back that's all. I need all right. Now is it okay. To get rid of this would it be okay.

Any reason why you might want to keep it no. Okay. Want you to use your imagination now put a big thick black frame around that image now you're probably too young to remember when televisions have actual dials and knobs and switches instead of remote controls right. But.

I want you to feel on the bottom of that frame and. I want you to notice that there's a knob that controls the brightness or the contrast and just find that knob for me excellent. I want you to turn all the way to the right. Until the image whites out completely notice what happens to the feeling excellent turn it all the way to the left until the image blacks out completely tell me what happens to the feeling stronger okay.

Perfect which one do you like better turn it all the way to the white until the image wipes out completely perfect now are you right-handed or left-handed right. Hand excellent with the the index finger of your right. Hand just like you would take a stylus and write across a tablet. I want you to write everything that this experience had to teach you.

So you can keep the lessons and let the rest go just start writing you don't even have to consciously know what you're writing your hand will just start moving and keep and the screen will scoll. So you can write as much or as little as you want and just keep writing until you know you've got it all anything that pops into your head get it on that [Music] screen got it all excellent gra reach up grab with both of your hands shrink it down to the size of a postage stand float it up over the top of your head. I'm going to take it move it back behind the. Horizon you know the sound a nail gun makes feel it nailed back there when you know it's nailed back they're impossible to bring back try to bring it back and notice what happens instead okay.

Bring your hands down take a tour of your body notice how different you feel how's your neck feel nothing scale of nothing completely gone big round of applause for the [Applause] lady what's interesting about that particular technique is that works really well on people with frozen shoulder people who can't raise their arms. I tell them. I tell them point to where you feel it they do this. I said find the picture they do this.

I go make it bigger make it smaller pull it closer now lift it up over your head and they're they're back there going like this and they're going what the just happened if they even realize it right. I've had this happen with. MMA fighters. I had this happen with bodybuilders right.

Because every physical issue we have has an emotional component it canot even if it wasn't externally a broken leg has an emotional component a broken leg has an emotional component it just may not be the sticking point in the healing process. But sometimes it is sometimes bones don't knit and they should why right. My job. I don't.

I don't make the rules. I just exploit. I mean report them right. Um and the reason.

I. I demonstrate that technique is because that is the technique that you use when you reach a stopping point or the technique just won't go any further because many times what happens is we reach a point where the unconscious mind is saying well we're getting rid of this that's cool. But wait a minute he learned this from that experience if we let everything go he'll forget that and it'll happen again which is the big fear of the neurology your neurolog is afraid that if it lets it fully go you'll forget the lesson and it'll happen to you again make sense this is why we need this special technique because when the unconscious mind puts together a. DVD right.

It's got a blank. DVD and it's just written up this really cool traumatic experience that it's going to play for you right. It doesn't it doesn't it's like it's like. Ragu you know that old spaghetti sauce commercial it's it's in there.

But it's not like this is this part and that is that part it's all in together like one big freaking stew and it doesn't make a distinction between the lessons implicitly and explicitly learned from that experience and the experience itself it's all lumped together and until you give the neurology a very different process that allows it to preserve that one piece it will tend out of default to hold on to everything because it doesn't know how to make a distinction because you haven't told it it doesn't know how to make a distinction between what get what needs to go and what needs to stay. So everything stays that's the default mechanism when in doubt hoarded oh right. So how many people here have got something they'd like to on a scale of shittin scale of. Z to three they'd like to change and get rid of everybody stand up who's got one stand up.

I'm not going to ask you what it is yet how many people here have something they'd like more of all right. So couple of tweaks and it's something you want more of what. I tend to do um is. I tend to do everything the same up to we start writing the lessons everything is the same and.

Then what. I do is instead of just moving it back although you can. I turn the picture of something you want more of and you want to be more dominant in your life into like a windshield on a car where you see everything through that filter. So you just make it really freaking big and you just leave it in front of you and you make it little to transparent.

So you can see the future through it these are different things that you can use to program your neurology for those of you who got something you want to get rid of let's just start very basic point to where you feel it whatever it is. Imagine now notice there's a feeling connect a color connected to that feeling we'll come back to the color. Later if we need to now. I want you to imagine that there's a picture floating in the space around you that represents that feeling.

I want you to reach out and touch it take both of your hands trace the edges of it with both of your hands. So you know exactly how big it is just to make sure we got the right. One. I want you to grab the edges pull it closer to your body notice what happens to the intensity of the feeling now put it back make the picture bigger notice what happens to the intensity of the feeling and now we'll put it back to where it was put a big thick black frame around it now for those of you who old enough to remember the old style televisions with the dials and the knobs and the switches.

I just want you to find that contrast knob all the way to the right. Or the white until the image whites out completely and notice how that makes you feel turn the image all the way to the left notice how that makes you feel some people makes it it makes you feel worse some people just like it it feels better when they go to the black. So whatever your system does there is no. Wrong way to do this it's all about discovering the coding system that your neurology uses to create your experience that's what this exercise is really about whichever one makes it feel better turn it all the way to that direction until you got it if you're yawning that's a good thing okay.

That means you're clearing shed okay. People do all kinds of weird stuff physiologically when these things happen white it out completely now with your dominant hand your dominant finger imagine that your index finger is like a stylus. I want you to write across that blacked out or whitened out screen everything that this experience had to teach you. So you can keep the lessons and let the rest go keep writing until you know you've got it all the screen will scroll.

So you can write as much as your little heart desires when you know you've got it all just nod your heads a little bit and. I'll move on to the. Next piece. But some of you like writing novels and that's okay.

Your unconscious mind will get all these instructions. Anyway now what. I want you to do if it's something you want more of make it big make the image slightly translucent. So you can see the lessons and the future.

Beyond. So everywhere you go whatever you do you've got those lessons guiding you or you've got those rules guiding you for that thing you want more of for those of you that wanted just this gone. I want you to shrink that stuff down to the size of a postage stand float it up over the top of your head move it back. Beyond the.

Horizon and you know the sound a nail gun makes feel it nailed back there possible to come back when you know it's locked back there try to bring it back notice what happens instead when you know it's done take a tour of your body notice how different you feel what' you notice. I'm feel. B [Music] absolutely how you feel okay. Speak to me.

I feel really good excellent how's your throat by the way it feels great very cool is there no. Strangling going on not at all damn it give yourselves a round of applause all right. When we come back we're going to teach you some amazingly cool stuff about how to drive your own bus now a lot of the things that we we've done we'll deal with pretty much everything that's on that board true not true how many people here have already fixed some that was on that board when they came in right. Who did it you did.

I just showed you how. I just showed you how and this is the worst you'll ever be at it. First time you learn anything is the worst you ever do right. The same process instead of you doing it.

I do it work the same exact yeah as long as you would fully engage in the process which is the hardest part because we think somehow it's we're different we're not. But there is a difference between being on the outside observing somebody else having an experience and being in it right. And that's the thing you've got to be prepared for when this gentleman came up he came up for a shoulder issue he didn't expect to break out in a sweat and have weird come bubbling up out of nowhere did you that's what happens there's no. Such thing as a random ache or random pain okay.

Your body is one massive hard drive. But nobody gave you the operating system right. And when we come back we're going to actually teach you not just the techniques we're going to teach you the operating system we're going to teach you how it works in metaphors that you can understand and use and we're going to help we're going to guide you through a couple of processes where you just clean up your own that'd be cool and program you want being a technical term you have a good time we'll see you in 15. Oh by way before.

I got a couple gifts for everybody who came out tonight most of you obviously are not going to make the trip to. California. I get that uh remember. I said my demographic falls into three distinct sets people who want my help to fix their own people who want my help to fix their and of course people who want to fix other people's um what.

I always do for all of my seminar participants whether it's a. Meetup or whatever everybody who came out tonight uh my gift to you especially for the holidays is a free 30-minute consultation with me uh in this case via. Skype and it's it's my 30 minutes it's your questions it's not a therapy session uh because as much as. I like to think.

I can help everyone. I can't and. So a lot of what. I do is.

I spend a lot of time finding out is your case a fit for our methods and if it is. I'll tell you how. I can help and what we can do and we'll discuss strategies for getting you the help that you want or need if. I can't help you.

I will tell you that too and. I will make recommendations for where to go. Next okay. Uh.

I don't have a lot of slots left because of the holiday um if you can come to. California do it right. But we do. I over 75% of my clientele is international.

So. I do a lot of work through. Skype through. Hangouts um.

FaceTime whatever. So all you need to do to to claim your free gift is uh. Stampede. Tracy at the back of the room and she'll get your name and stuff on our schedule to see me normally is $175 an hour.

So it's 30 minutes of my time your questions whatever you want and we'll just have a good time do some cool stuff. So that's what. I got for right. Now eat as much chocolate as you possible drink the coffee when you come back.

I'm going to give you the keys to running your own neurology big time all right. Thank you.
