Title: z6w5StXG2Ok.txt
Video Id: z6w5StXG2Ok
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z6w5StXG2Ok

Okay. So the. First and foremost is um understanding this when you look. At eventual orientation and posture this is where we start to work the closer people get the more intimate they're becoming okay.

Questions on that yes. [Music] right. Now interestingly actually i don't have time for that. But um.

So this is what i call speed reading relationships now the interesting thing is if you go out to like a wine bar or something that's relatively quiet where people just sit together i have a client a student that actually owned a wine bar and i was i was teaching them this and and she goes oh my god you are. So right. This has to go to the seven stages i would watch people come into my wine bar on. First dates and.

Then they go to sit down they would be sitting on opposite ends of the booth by the end of the night when they were leaving their wine glasses were right. Next to each other right. So this process happens now gentlemen i will tell you right. Now the ladies will be initiating nine out of ten steps there's only seven.

But nine out of ten is the ladies your job is to pay attention because there are certain key moments in that mating dance when you actually have to do something and if you miss it you go back down the arousal scale listen to them guys [Music] you guys realize that 60 of all approaches are initiated by women right. This is the guys ladies huh no. You only have the illusion of control really yes. Really the problem is let's just turn into an attraction workshop really quick holy all right.

The problem is is that women's psychology has developed a much more refined set of social cues and sensitivities than men's men we're very simple see it we either we're going to eat it we're going to kill it or we're going to take it home and make babies with it that's it we're pretty simple right. Women are sending out signals all the time that they want you to come and talk to them women do not approach per se they engineer opportunities for you to approach you hear it gentlemen they're trying to suppress it they engineer opportunities for you to approach. But like us they're victims of their own projection you see they believe because their signs are obvious to other women that it's obvious to us ladies do you hear this let me give you a little bit of perspective ladies you can have a beautiful woman walk up to a guy and do this and he'll go wonder what she meant by that we're just not that smart you're operating on a completely different set of social cues you guys want the same thing you just use different languages to talk about it you just use different languages to talk about it the most subtle signs for a man are some of the most blatant and sometimes threatening for women because the signals they're sending out are out here we don't perceive anything until it's right. Here.

So when we go to approach a woman and by the way most of your socialization ladies has designed all the good ones to keep from approaching you in case you didn't know that oh yes. Most people's socialization has programmed you guys and gals to send out signals that will keep the good ones from approaching you and only the sociopath narcissists and pickup artists will make the leap yes. What sense does it have to do with neural physiology. Then to neurophysiology that we're sending out signals and we respond to them that human beings respond have a certain [Music] grammar why would we shut down opposition it's not it's not neurotizability it's social programming hollywood one of the problems again this is going way off in a squirrel chasing mode.

But uh one of the problems that we have is that we have been programmed hey. First of all to play hard to get guys you guys are all taught this right. Play hard to get have value show scarcity the problem is is that the the social cues your design the body language that you've been taught to use to stimulate or signal hard to get actually says don't approach and. So what happens is the guys who are waiting who are looking for invitations that you're approachable won't the ones who will respect your boundaries and actually be upstanding guys who are will want to help and and be the good mates you're looking for they won't approach you without a tremendous amount of encouragement because the cues you're sending out tell them not to.

So who will people with no. Ability to read social cues narcissists people who don't care about your boundaries okay. Now i know there's exceptions to every rule the problem we have is if you want us if ladies if you want to signal hard to get in a way that makes people want to chase you be seen in the company of a lot of people vying for your time be seen as being having your time in demand as opposed to being off in a corner because ironically ironically the body language of shyness can often be misinterpreted as the body language for aloofness to somebody who's extremely attractive the body language of shyness when people are shy or or in a timid place they tend to make themselves small alpha people dominant people take up vertical horizontal space they take up vertical space this is the body language of charisma okay. In speed attraction uh 2.0 i showed you the heart the open heart trust trigger right.

Where you literally can go from being just the average dude to radiating energy like that right. It's and this was designed by women this is the way it works is you imagine there's a plexiglas screen over your heart and you just want to show people your heart when you talk to them as opposed to this feel the difference right. All i'm doing is imagining there's a screen here and i'm beaming my heart energy toward them i'm letting them see my heart changes my posture and it changes the level of credibility that i radiate to an audience okay. When you are shy and this is true for guys as well when you start going through being timid or or unafraid and afraid what happens is you tend to make yourself smaller you close in on yourself you create boundaries now when people see this you may be just waiting for somebody to come and talk to you because you don't want to make the.

First move. But that's not how you're interpreted it's not how you're interpreting especially if you're attractive if you're putting this out and nobody's approaching you the. First thing they do is they don't have a story you haven't told them why you're doing what you're doing. So they create a story they create a story about why you don't want to be approached she must be a snob she's obviously attractive.

So she should have got she must be a sorry that's that's what happens right. I don't make the rules i just exploit them i mean report them. However if you want to if you want to invert that equation a change your body language problem that we have and somebody asked about approaching. So i'll just answer this question the problem both genders have with approaching is different women don't have a problem with you approaching as a rule they have a problem with getting you to leave because we're not that smart you can b you can be the same the one guy in a group of women and at some instant moment every woman knows the conversation is over and they disappear and all of a sudden the guy's like i'm alone right.

We didn't catch it why because when your neurology was evolving you were communicating with each other you were cooperating you were developing relationships and interpreting what behaviors mean in your world we're out killing mastodons we look. At it do we eat it do we take it home and mate with it or run away from it that was that's how we think right. We developed a different set of scanning mechanisms women's neurology evolved because they had to survive they had to learn how to manage you idiots right. Keep you around keep you interested and they had to learn to rely on each other they had to learn very quickly in that unit who they could rely on who they couldn't and they had to do it based on the meanings they could extrapolate from your behaviors.

So if we look. At this from a hypnotic language perspective men work men work in cause and effect we see it we hit it we see it we chase it we see it it sees us we run from it right. Cause and effect women work mostly and both sides do it. But there's a predominance equivalence we left the toilet seat up because we forgot okay.

We missed jack's soccer game because traffic was a there was two of the traffic jam the boss kept us late there was a tough client that's why i was late for jack's soccer game and your wife looks at you and says if you loved your son you'd have been there why because being at the soccer game means you love your son this is where 80 of our problems in communication with our other with our gender partners lie ladies we're not as complex as you are okay. When we leave the toilet seat up it's because we're freaking idiots and we forgot it's not that we have no. Respect for the feminine gender in the home you've built together you see guys guys like huh it's a language thing. But remember ladies your brains are actually more developed than ours your copis colosseum the bridge between your right.

Hemisphere and your left hemisphere is almost twice our size you see size matters right. Men only process language on one side of their brain women use both we're half wits i love guys i i'm an equal opportunity hater. So you know. But it's easier for you as women to understand us sometimes than it is for us to understand you gentlemen if all you got out of today was remember that every behavior that you generate means something to them think about that before you do anything just stop for a moment and ask ask yourself how is she going to interpret that and.

Then think again [Music] all right. I have a i have a whole workshops that i do back in san diego where it's just about romance and attraction and relationships and for me it's and it's co-ed audiences and mostly women believe it or not and it's to me it's high comedy when i explain what the behaviors and the activities of the opposite gender are being interpreted by them it's like terror on each other's faces. But this is the problem most women go to female dating coaches to about men most guys go to male dating coaches to complain about women get in the same room and understand each other seek. First to understand you both want the same thing just in a different order you really do you use slightly different words to describe it and there's a slightly different syntax.

But it's the same thing here's something ladies you didn't know we're more sensitive than you are did you know that you see from the chinese medical perspective men are young on the outside we're strong and mentally tough like bull and we're cotton candy on the inside we can't handle vulnerability like you can it hurts us worse we don't bounce back as fast. So for a man to give you the intimacy and the vulnerability you're looking for that's a big deal. But that's what you're looking for that's what you're looking for men fall in love faster did you know that women fall out of love faster did you know that right. You get over us real quick right.

It's just how you again five thousand years of chinese medical observation and this is why you guys have the ladies that's why you have the babies you can take it we can't right. So intestinally internally you're stronger than we are. So factor that in um that's about have we covered this kind of stuff pretty well another thing i want you to pay attention to is when you're in close to somebody this is going to go into face reading when you're um paying attention to their eyes. Prolonged eye contact generates attraction okay.

Not creepy iconic that's not that's not what i'm talking about okay. When we talk about eye contact we're talking about positive eye contact. So pot ism well i just want to go back to that example of a woman sitting like this purely. First of all remember that whether you're male or female confident people take up space.

So expand yourself horizontally that doesn't mean you stand like this that's a guy thing right. But when you if you do cross your legs don't cross your legs real in tight does that make sense. So good posture uh i like to call it the maryland switch the open heart trust trigger is a really good uh way to sit imagine there's a plexiglas screen here and you're just beaming and letting people see your heart if that if you just imagine that your body language your your body would your posture would take over the rest okay. The.

Next part is make positive eye contact positive eye contact again is not the serial killer stare all right. And it's and there's always a smile with it. But the difference is there has to be a wrinkles at the zygomatic okay. When we get to the face reading part you'll actually see the long-term effects of this the eyes.

Have to crinkle you see the crinkling right. If you see someone who's dead from the nose down not good okay. This is this is like the the donald the divine what's the trump's wife's name melania that's the melania trump smile right. That's not what we're doing positive eye contact has to be good shen in the eyes.

Which means a twinkle or wide open eyes. Not you know scared eyes. But nice open eyes. Smile with the wrinkles up by the sides of the head that signals positive eye contact when you enter a venue and this could be male or female and i practice this all the time when i'm walking through the the convention as you walk through a venue meet people's eyes.

And look. At who gives you positive eye contact right. Positive eye contact that means you make eye contact with someone and you see this not this right. Those are the people who are open to being approached if you're doing walk up or street hypnosis that's one of the.

First things you look. For positive eye contact. Next thing you do give them an eyebrow flash huh he closed a loop holy positive eye contact eyebrow flash smile combine that with a good posture and an open heart trust trigger you get a lot more people coming up to you okay. Very good way if you want to be signaled as having being high value in somebody's world be seen in the company of a lot of men or other people fighting for your attention wanting your attention that signals status and guys that's what ladies look.

At if there's a big crowd around you there must be a reason providers not having 100 bills or something right. This is this called social proof it's an affinity tactic okay. We look. At the responses of the people around us to determine what's appropriate does that make sense okay.

Anything else on this this one a little bit from different direction than i planned. But yeah why did you say to be seen in the company of men well what i actually said was the company of the men or women all vying for your attention we want whenever we remember in college there was always the popular crowd they always had everybody wanting their attention wanting their validation things like that learn how to be those people if you want to play the hard-to-get game if you want to play the scarcity game okay. If you don't have a trot if you're not part of a tribe build your own build your own that's what i teach my students go build your tribe let me show you how to do it just build your tribe right. But that's going to help you be more influential and charismatic you're going to generate an affinity tactic more people are going to flock to you because they see other people flocking to you all right.

Does that help okay. You ready for the. Next piece do we need a break okay. This.

Next piece i love because i geek out on this oh all right. Now these these characteristics should not be confused with micro expressions uh tj in the in the camcorder bag is a laser pointer can you hand me that please where's the cam the little cam quarterback should be a laser pointer there thank you all right. This is in lillian's book. You guys need to take a picture go ahead all right.

So we're going to start with the upper right. Hand corner right. At the eye since we're talking about eye contact okay. These are the these wrinkles are the end results of a lifetime of micro expressions okay.

It comes from five thousand-year-old tradition of chinese face reading we're going to start off with right. Here this is probably the best one and look. To the people to the right. And to the left of you notice they have little lines over the ribs tracing the ribs of their eyebrows these are people who are highly skeptical highly skeptical right.

Right. Here they're all just rushing to the front of the room right. And i'm going to let you guys do now here's the thing when you start seeing these and you have a whole room full of people to play with right. What you do is you you pre-frame this if you're gonna use this in a cold reading format you might say something like you know sometimes you spend a lot of time just really really kind of on the skeptical side you don't always take people for what they say until you've tested it to be sure.

But sometimes you understand immediately no. You can trust somebody right. That's called what i call the 60 40 split 60 percent of the time you're this way the rest of the time you're that way regardless of which end of the equation they buy into the minute it's called a barnum statement by the way the minute they buy into that they start assuming everything you say is true it's a hypnotic process. But this is this is actually true these people who have these lines spend a lot of time checking facts they're not going to believe what you say at face take what you say at face value you have got to spend a lot of time creating more more belief in what's going on okay.

The. Next one we just talked about those little wrinkles around the eyes. Right. Here this is joy you see somebody who's got really nice solid lines this is somebody who spends a lot of time laughing a lot of time happy okay.

The corollary to that right. Here is sadness i see a lot of that your clients will see a lot of that these lines they'll go right. To about the cheekbone the cheekbone is the line of demarcation where we go from sadness to sorrow if the line extends beyond the orbital bone now you've got someone who's gone through some loss that is still haunting them okay. These are your clients these are your clients okay.

If the line extends further down now you've got grief when it goes this deep now you're going to often see this line on people with lung problems too grief goes to the lungs the entire series of organs is mirrored on the face each organ has an element or an emotion connected to it from chinese medicine sadness is episodic we go through it and we move on sadness lingers and. Then when we try to and this is what happens this is why your grief patients will be your grief patients is because they've created a conscious expectation of how long they're allowed to be sad and when they exceed that length of time they try to forget about it they try to distract themselves they try to stuff it down and boom down it goes and if it stays there long enough it starts to affect their lungs yeah typically on both sides of the face. But and again i don't know how much time will get into this. But you can actually divide there's you can you can divide the face this way this way and this way when we divide it this way we have a chord how many people do handwriting analysis those who do handwriting analysis the three zones of the head correspond to the three zones in your handwriting metaphysical mundane physical okay.

I have i have that in the notes i'm planning on going over it because that goes to how they make decisions. So if you're in a business context you can look. At the where people are dominant in the shape of their head you can know how to present information to them in a way that's more conducive to them deciding the way you want to yes. How do you read the face of a teen or someone who's even younger doesn't really happen you don't know that's what i was told try not to read their face until they're in their 20s.

But there are certain things that you can look. At head shape for one. But people children are still developing. So my teacher says she avoids trying to read children okay.

But a lot of times if they're suffering from i mean i don't know how metaphysical you guys are. But i have you know i've actually had cases of genetic memory uh in my in my clinic i've literally had transplant patients who wind up having cravings from the donor organs like i had a i had a lady who came in she was a type one diabetic i wound up having a spleen and a kidney transplant and two weeks after she got out she started craving pizza and beer because the donor was a garbage gut right. So i have actual experience of seeing genetically transferred memory or cellular memory. So i think when we're dealing with children below a certain age what we're dealing a lot of times is genetic memory okay.

Which what the chinese tell us is that if you fix something here it goes back seven generations and forward seven generations now it gets a little too woo-woo for this training i want stuff that we can just rely on okay. I was working with one lady yesterday a matter of fact you uh in the blue shirt your friend was with you and remember i i said you have some unshed tears you asked me if this was if this was just cold reading or not right. And i told you that and. Then you told me that you hadn't lost a family member right.

This shit's real okay. And it's useful for you guys because when you look. At somebody and you understand this map this is a tiny piece of a very large iceberg which is why i gave you lillian's information just tell her i sent you okay. You can know what's going on and what happened is if you actually address the cause of those wrinkles the wrinkle will go away and it can go away in a session it's funky i didn't believe it i have skeptical ones.

So. But this you're going to see you're going to see grief in a lot of your lung and asthma issues a lot of your stuttering issues a lot of um anger is mostly tmj and in the jaw. But that is i keep pressing the wrong button. So this is important for us to understand okay.

One i see a lot in this room and i see it a lot everywhere. But i'm seeing it more and more in the people in this room i'm gonna jump to the center here you see these lines here that say disempowerment the i call these pacifi or placation lines this represents somebody who is grew up in an environment or isn't an environment where they voiced their opinion or they expressed something and the pushback was. So strong that they're trying to make up for it they're kind of like they're trying to fake smile it's like they're always smiling. But they really don't mean it they just want to placate you this is cancer waiting to happen okay.

You know i've seen people that look. Like somebody took. An exacto and just drilled that energy it starts from the outer the inner canthus and it radiates outward okay. When you see those lines that's somebody who's spending way too much time to please other people because they're afraid of the pushback afraid of the pushback okay.

Another one that's big and i see a lot big in this room go back to the center line you see these three lines here when you see two lines like this i'm sorry i need a vana here right. You see two lines like this this is somebody who's impatient somebody using fake get to the point david right. Get to the point right. There's another body language correlate to this okay.

This person spends a lot of time being angry because things just aren't happening fast enough okay. Hold on a. Second where'd my eraser go i don't see it on the tray i knew that all right. So here's another one i see a lot of this one in the room.

So i want you to pay attention to it okay. This is called suspended needle there's three versions of this suspended needle suspended sword and. Then there's every now and. Then i see a version i call the suspended bazooka this area in your body corresponds to your liver and your spleen liver energy has everything to do with righteous indignation taking action moving forward expressing your power people who have this marketing will start with suspended needle which is just a very fine line people who have this at one point in their life at some time in their life usually towards the father or the dominant parent in their family they express their anger and the pushback from the dominant parent usually the father was.

So strong that they they pulled back their energy and they refused to ever express it that way again the bigger that energy the bigger that line the deeper that repression goes and at some point in their life that block is going to activate and they're going to stop moving forward they're going to stop moving forward in their life okay. So when you see this if it's even if it's on yourself don't worry it's not going to kill you right. But it is it is indicative of you're not expressing your full power the liver energy is the energy that moves us forward in life is the success energy right. It determines how far we go your metal energy determines how you do it right.

I like i like to make a joke would people get things done metal people get things finished right. It's like if anybody's ever seen my old websites you can always tell a david snyder website or david schneider email by the amount of typos in it because i'm a wood person i get done right. Contrast that to my wife who gets things finished i'm crossing the finish line half my half my car is trailing behind me she hasn't left the starting line yet because she's still planning right. Both peop it's not one more effective than the other it's a question of how they get things done does that make sense we don't have time to go into the elemental personalities which is all cool.

But this i think for you guys will give you the biggest bang for your buck it will give you lots of things for cold reading. But it will give you a way to diagnose and start your questioning and intake process yes. I'm curious what about the one that's horizontal you don't see it very often no. You don't do what does that mean they're more factual based more fact based um i can actually look.

At the book. There's a whole bunch of different things on eyebrows right. Okay. And this is the textbook.

By the way yes. So for this one here with the liver energy about going forward is there you said that at some point it's just going to stop as if it's a matter of fact like there's nothing they can do to which people in this room are uniquely qualified to do. But you're going to get people who say i'm here to learn how to make more money i'm here how to manifest stuff look. Right.

There right. If there's if there's a and there's always memory involved. But this is going to tell us how bad and you and it'll give us a direction to look. Now i don't like to use that to pre-predispose my line of questioning.

But what i do do is i go through my normal neutral intake process and see how often that that matches up that matches up quite a bit that and louise hay stuff is real good. So if you see double lines you're seeing somebody who is very has a tendency towards impatience impatience right. They're always in a hurry get it done get it done get it done if you see three lines you're looking at somebody who's learned how to manage their anger they've learned how to manage their anger okay. I see i want yes.

Sweetie which position that single line is or the other on the father side of the other side okay. Chinese face reading divides sides by parents okay. But again there's a lot of time a ton of stuff here and i'd like to get to at least most of the facial traits that you might be dealing with okay. But i wanted i wanted to zero in on this one because i see it a lot okay.

I'm i'm really for focused on on helping you target the things that hold you back from moving forward because i see that a lot in our profession we all spend a lot of time on training and coming to conventions when we get out in the world and we actually go to build our business we don't and i see this be i see these these kinds of markers as kind of the reason why this one says that i'm there's i'm only allowed to be a certain to express myself and my power to a certain degree and. Then it's too much usually this happens early in life where like somebody pushed you on the playground you beat the living snot out of them and you got punished worse for protecting yourself than the person did for attacking you or maybe you and your dad had an altercation in your teens because that's when we rebel right. Or if your mom was the more dominant parent and you rebelled against her and there was a huge push he kicked you out of the house or threw you down and now you have that guilt and that regret you just choke back that power right. That's what will cause these lines to appear get rid of those lines life changes okay.

Question you can't see it right. Here okay. Um another one that you want to take special care of you'll see this a lot of times is the lost love line the lost love line starts at the inner campus and travels down parallel to the grief line the lost love line is not necessarily about romance the lost love line is about a portion of your life that was a part of your identity part of your who you were as a person in your own mind does that make sense that was lost you know maybe as a child you love to dance or you love to do art and for some reason because of your cultural upbringing and you weren't dancing was evil it was a tool of the devil and you were forbidden from ever dancing again because your your culture lost love line waiting to happen maybe there was a hobby that you loved to do when you met a man or you met a woman who just didn't approve of it in order to make her happy and to please her in that relationship you stopped doing it lost love line waiting to happen it starts at the inner campus and travels down okay. Lost love line waiting to happen okay.

These are the ones that we want to get rid of we need to get that joy back we need to get that piece of their life operational to whatever degree they're with they're able to do that yes. Get rid of your lines change your life isn't that the opposite you change your life you get rid of the issue both change will change simultaneously. But you'll see this change. First.

So cause you're not talking about moisture although i will tell you a story that lillian told me when you see people with a lot of bone in their jaw big strong jaw these are natural warriors these are people who gravitate to all kinds of athletic physical activity they have a lot of will a lot of determination they have the big chromagnon roof even more. So right. There was a client of lillian's who was won a football scholarship and he had this massive jaw i mean massive almost deformed. But he was really good football player and and he went through high school he'd been drafted into the college you know in college scholarship and as a graduation president from high school his mom got in plastic surgery he flunked out of school thrown off he couldn't play anymore muscle memory still what happened the extra aggression the extra assertion comes from the liver remember liver likes to get angry.

But people who have good healthy liver energy know how to manage that anger they direct it really well okay. People with sparse nice thick eyebrows they're good at anger they take that energy and they use it to move forward people have sparse eyebrows like me we can do anger. But we don't like it i can do anger really well i don't like it i hate it right. People with nice heavy they like to get angry okay.

It's like it's like that oh mr mcgee don't get me angry you wouldn't like me when i'm angry okay. You'll see this i see this on a few of you i got one or two of them this is called a transformation line this is somebody who at some point in their life went through a really deep dark period could have been a day could have been a year could have been 10 years and they came out of it different they came out of it wiser they learned something they became more enlightened about some aspect of themself or about life the universe and everything i have one of them um if you have a lot of them you get what they call buddha wings which i think the dalai lama has it's really cool right. So if you see these this is somebody you can you can paste this really really well you can walk up say i have an intuition about you. So there was a time in your life that was really hard it was really dark you really had to struggle and you went through it you came out of it looking back on it learning something amazing being completely transformed by it see how you're nodding already because it's equally true for all of you right.

However when you see this line it's actually true you see that i don't like cold reading because i don't like to lie. But i don't have to lie i can tell them truth and if it's something they want to get rid of i can help them do that is that useful very useful okay. Um ears and especially this one i like a lot i see this on a lot of you this is called auditory intuition aka detector if you look. At the person to the right.

Of personal left you'll see little lines some of you will have little lines right. In front of your ears these are usually people who grew up in an environment where they had to pay real close attention to the verbal cues of people around him auditory intuition auditory intuition you got some he's got some good ones he's got some i knew he had some right. This is somebody who knows when you're lying you got some all right. You see this don't try and lie they'll catch you okay.

And usually that that it evolves it evolves as a form of hyper vigilance many of the things that traumatized us growing up become the source of tremendous strength and abilities. Later on and this is one of them the auditory intuition usually arises as a form of auditory hyper-vigilance where we're in an environment that's dangerous i grew up in a family where verbal abuse was like every minute you never knew what you were going to get and i had to constantly constantly be on alert because anything i could say could set my dad off or start a fight or whatever and. So i've got freaking gills right. But even though it came from a place of trauma for lack of a better word it now serves me extremely well in the professions i'm in right.

Remember everything we we learned in the moment we experienced it probably sucked. But as we look. Back on it and we realize what we gain from that experience we can keep that part and learn to let everything else go and that's what we use the color game for all of these things are nodes where holographic the the neurology holographically imprints information and gives you access to it uh in speed healing we talked about the holographic memory theory that i use now in clinic which works faster than traditional approaches the human being the human nervous system is a holographic information processing network and once you understand how to tap into and unpack that hologram and nothing in that model contradicts what we do in hypnosis it just adds to it does that make sense this is a way that we can start to unpack things that they don't even know is going on they've forgotten about and we can start a process of general clearing as well. So this is useful these here pay real close attention to because i'm going to go out on a limb here and say that anybody who's working with terminal cancer you're going to see those a lot you're going to see those a lot this is over nurturing these are people who are spending way too time take too much time taking care of everybody else and they're not getting anything back in return they're given more than they're getting and they're bitter about it which is the bottom line bitterness okay.

That goes on long enough the neurology decides and it sees no. Way out it decides to check out. So a lot of your terminal cancer patients you'll see that okay. It doesn't mean they're gonna get cancer.

But almost always there's no. Such thing as an emotionally healthy cancer patient okay. When when they reach a point of hopelessness which the actually hopelessness does have a marker it's not on this sheet. But there's a we call the hopelessness band the hopelessness band i see this from time to time and it just freaks me out is like this little depression in the bone right.

Across here you see that there's something that has traumatized them to the point where they've just given up they're just giving up. So you see that in some of this they're living the life that's not good for them yeah smokers where does that maybe change because i notice some of it is the bitterness the disappointment that will be nurturing. But a lot of times that's i see that in the people who have smoked have you ever had to see if they're over nurturing right. Correlation is not causation.

But why are they smoking right. If you're not here remember smoking is a compensatory mechanism right. There's something they're not getting that's what that means everybody's getting everything and they're getting nothing. So the neurology's going to find a way to change that state smoking may be it right.

Bitterness bitterness right. Here right. Now it's below the lips now somebody's got a good sense of humor you'll see a little line right. Here that's a humor line here you got one you got one all right.

Also you see this goes to some of the micro expressions fear has a has a dimpling effect over the long term on the chin. So you sum with a lot of dimples here you've got someone who's holding in a lot of fear it's a these are lifestyle things these are not micro expressions you understand the difference a micro expression happens in a fraction of a. Second when you're trying to suppress an emotion in that moment this happens from a lifetime of expressions generated by a specific set of emotional situations is this useful [Music] our president has it mistakes fear he was a bullied kid you guys know that right. Yes.

Purpose means you found your niche purpose lines mean that you are actually on your path these are good lines to have and lillian says we should have these by by the time we're 50 at least we may get them sooner there's this thing in in the lineage that i study called the golden path which is the mission that you came here to fulfill when you get and i'm about brilliant says i'm about as golden as it gets right. Now. But um when you when you're on your path things line up you have almost unlimited energy to do those things. But most of our socialization most of the the the expectations of the people and the dominant and the authority figures we grew up with tend to pull us off our path.

But if there are things that you will do you will pay to do things that you love to do that you would do any chance you got chances are that's part of your golden path and you need to be doing that all the time and generating a living doing it okay. We have she has whole workshops on golden path i'll probably start offering them in the. Next couple years as well yes. Is there a nice high-speed hypnotic way to download this to where i can run i'll leave that i'm not sure i understand the question.

But we'll come back to it yeah what purpose purpose lines are here they start at the outer the outer elena's eye and they ro they roll down this way now right. At the corners of the mouth you'll see sometimes you'll see a little downturn these are disappointment lines okay. So you can see how they kind of relate you have over nurturing leads to bitterness leads to disappointment leads to bitterness see how it kind of flows this all by the way is your intestines intestines large intestine small intestine. So what are you looking at crohn's disease ibs right.

How many times have you unpacked ibs and found family going on right. You can look. Right. At their face right.

At their face and say how you you know again you don't notice you can't diagnose medically. But you say you have any bowel issues going on you have your intestines. So how did you know by what aspect are you referring to all kinds of lines in that area chinese medicine the holograph of the face there's a face there's an arm there's legs intestines are here. So the large the small intestine starts here and it wraps around this way lines vertical lines if you see horizontal lines that's that we've got even deeper stuff going on like i said this is a small piece of a very very large system yes.

Dimples are good luck yes. Dimples are good luck also you have what we call money bags yes. See how how nice and round the lower portion of her cheek is that's called a money bag that means somebody's going to do well with money. Later in life sweet right.

Oops i knocked somebody's water off um he he has his ears here he has very large ears compared to the size of his head. So he actually uh has potential for a long life. But he's also very close to his family family means a lot to him true not true right. See how the earlobe doesn't attach or doesn't detach that's somebody who's they may have a strong connection to family uh it's it's like that family has to now it may be a positive connection or a negative connection right.

He can take or leave parts members of his family right. Right. Okay. Let's see what else can i pick one which what there's a it goes from here did you get anything i spent a lot of time worrying about you yeah do you have digestive issues that's nice yeah that line goes down into your spleen area.

So that indicates you over think and you tend to worry a lot you're welcome how'd i do 60 40 you're there yeah well overthinking worrying about kind of the same thing aren't they right. Yes. This is the part i dread this is where everybody wants me to come around and just point you you have a very open. Third eye very open yes.

Um i'll tell you how to do a minute a lot of joy. But there's some sadness there you stress out too much you spend a lot of time stressing on stuff um well you like to have your way too don't you she's got very she's got a very strong bony extra bone in her jaw that usually indicates somebody who's very hedonistic or a dictator may not be bad she's got money bags too she's going to do well right. You've got skepticism lines right. And you got some tears you need to finish shedding sweetie you got uber skepticism on you don't believe you need you got a little bit of disempowerment going on.

So you need to express yourself more you got someone shed tears too there's something you haven't finished grieving over isn't there okay. Yeah you're all gonna go get cheek implants now right. Now here's the thing implants don't seem to affect things. But removing the bone does remember your bones in in chinese medicine we have these different energies we call we call ling jing chi and shen your bone your jing is the most intrinsic of your energies okay.

As you age and depending on your lifestyle and how you use your life you you use your resources you can burn through your jing faster or slower most of us die with stun with huge amounts of jing that goes untapped we have traits that we inherit from our father or from our mother and from our father that we can read on the face and those are all talents we can access and the people in this room the skill sets you have you among all the people out there are uniquely qualified to find them and open them up. But you have to know where to look. Does that make sense okay. Is this useful thank you [Music] like i said if this is the scope we got this baby i'm telling you okay.

Um oh sorry went out on a chased a squirrel there money is related to there's two areas two elements that relate to money in the face the nose and the cheeks a lot of metal energy goes through the cheeks. But. So does the earth and the earth is your money people the the length and shape of your nose determines how much money comes in and how fast it goes out people who people who have a very thick bridge up here they tend to take in a lot of money and depending on how big their nozzles are that will determine how fast it goes out if you're if you're super thin up here and the liberty bell down here you better marry someone rich uh if you're removing bone it's going to change you could change in a positive way yes. But i would be very careful i would be very careful we don't really like to modify the face in fact if you change your emotional environment the face will not automatically change someone help raise the hand yes.

So some people can raise like one eyebrow there you go. So and some people can't right. Except for how it determines the wrinkling yeah we're just looking at wrinkles there's a whole map on moles jaws eyebrows cheekbones i mean trust me even the shape of the head people who have a if you divide the head this way from the eyebrows up mental these are data seekers if you want to convince them or understand how they make decisions if you try to pressure them to make a decision without giving them the right. Data and the time to think about it they'll say no.

Thank you very much i'm going to ignore you now. Anyway if you guys need to go get the out if you want to stay oh we got to do the drill oh since it is the official start time i'll open this loop and. Then we'll do are you guys ready for the drawing okay. You guys know what you even graph what you're auditioning for okay.

What's the prize that's up is a 7 600 package it's two live trainings on my 2017-2018 calendar whether they're on the calendar or not if i add a training it's available to you it's any two of my full-length video training courses 1497 or less and any of my five smaller video products priced at 97 or less it's total package value of 7 600 and something dollars someone's going to walk out of here with one of them i know for those of you who are going to be hanging around have some free time i am doing a three-day training on sensuality enhancements going to include this stuff it's going to include the color game call color games are a real good way to start getting rid of some of these wrinkles okay. You have to unpack the reason behind the wrinkle and. Then ask the neurology what you want instead have it give a color and breathe the color through that area and just keep removing the layers until the wrinkle disappears okay. That's the level one intervention you may wind up going to level two and three interventions real quick because usually these are more than one thing you ready all right.

Limit one per person. So if you won before you ain't win it again see where's my name hold on all right. Okay. Let's see here the amazing karnak italian salami okay.

Maria bird come on down [Applause] congratulations there you go hold on to that give me an email pick which courses you want or if you want email me and we'll discuss what your goals are and we'll point out where to go for the trainings okay. All right. [Applause] i want to thank i want to just take a moment to thank each and every one of you from the bottom of my heart every year i come here and every year i feel more warmth and more family from this from this profession than anyplace else on the planet and every year i think it can't get any better and every day every year you show me a deeper level and i want to just say thank you all. So i'm gonna i'm gonna i'm gonna leave it up to you you guys wanna keep going you wanna all right.

If rich you gotta do bath and break all right. Bathroom break come back in ten minutes suspended needle okay. But what was it it was a disempowerment one as well well this empowerment is here this empowerment starts here and it comes out along this line like straight like somebody took. An exacto and.
